Transcript for: AMC_Use_Case___LTV_V2.mp4
Title: AMC Use Case - LTV_V2
============================================================

You. Welcome everyone to today's live session. I'm Russ Derringer, founder of Stratably, a research and education firm that tackles the e commerce knowledge gap inside consumer brands each and every week. Excited to be with you today. With our second live session of the year, I've invited Patrick Miller, co president of Digital Commerce at Essential, to dive into a facet of Amazon marketing cloud. In particular, how to measure customer lifetime value by cohort and then what actions can be taken as a result. Patrick has been working in the Amazon and retail media ecosystem for a decade at this point and is one of the foremost experts when it comes to Amazon advertising and now amc. Welcome, Patrick. Good to be here. Thanks for having me. Okay, so if this is the first time you've attended one of these sessions, they're meant to be just very efficient and to the point and they're designed for intermediate to advanced e commerce practitioners. Patrick by reputation is going to move pretty quick through this. He's going to spend maybe about 20 minutes or so walking through his material. Feel free to enter questions along the way and we'll address those at the end and we will also send out a recording of the event later today. Okay, so just to set a little context before Patrick gets going, during registration, I asked you all whether you're using amc and this was the feedback. The data. This number has moved higher over the last year, but I project it's going to move significantly higher, maybe 20, even 30 points higher this year because the power of AMC is becoming more known and more agencies are starting to think about it. More hire staff for it all to help unlock its potential. More brands are starting to inquire about it as well, but still only a minority using it so far. Now, why is AMC important? This is a diagram that I created to map out different levers and tools and programs that 1P brands have at their disposal. And the matrix looks at impact on the y axis and adoption on the X axis. And you'll find AMC along with stream and attribution in the top left quadrant. That quadrant means these tools have the potential for big impact. But only a minority of brands are adopting these tools so far, as shown in the prior chart. And so what that adds up to is a competitive edge, meaning these are tools that your competitors are unlikely to be using and they can be quite meaningful inputs to your strategy and the tactics that you deploy. And hence why it's a focus of today's session and also a focus of future Stratable sessions throughout the year. So that brings me back to You, Patrick, you all have been at the forefront of AMC for quite a while now. You've really influenced my thinking on the power of the tool and I'm really excited to learn from you today. Attendees again submit questions as we go through the presentation and we'll get to those. But Patrick, why don't you go ahead and take it away? Awesome. Thanks so much, Russ. Russ said that I could be nerdy on this one and dive deep, so thank you for that. I'm not going to apologize for the acronyms, but this thing, it's just fun. It's just enjoyable to dig into and understand and excited to share what we've been working on. We have a total of 15 slides, you know, so, you know, sort of go through those, ping us with questions and. Yeah, excited to have a conversation. Great. Next slide. Okay, so we're going to dive into sort of like one thinking through LTV and then. But like how's, like how are the tables structured? How does the math work in a way to then group them and analyze them. We want to start with a whole lot of data in AMC and then you can add your own. But honing in on events, what are those events and how do you then tie them to a customer or user ID and then query on top of that. In this example you can see in the first column you have User id. User ID is something within AMC you can query on but you can't export because of privacy. But it allows you to aggregate and see what are those various shopper journeys. You then have date and timestamp. You then have ASIN and then you then have the event. And so specifically across these click Purchase. Detail page view. Impression of view. So both the detail page view as well as sort of the view. An interesting little nuance within AMC is it will actually break out within the DSP campaigns. What is a viewable impression versus just an impression served you buy on a total impression basis, not a viewable impression. Within the ad console, it will only tell you conversions attributed to a viewable impression. And so by combining them, you can start to actually figure out incrementality of dsp. But we're not talking about that today. But if you want to, we can. So anyway, so this is sort of like how the structure looks within the table in a simplified view within amsa. Then you start to organize it. Then now we have a simplified user ID. You see one on one, so that's one user and then two is the second user. Then we can then see across various ASINs within this catalog what are the various events. Then you can say, okay, hey, there's a DSP impression or sponsored ads impression because remember within AMC we can not just see click attributed but we can also see a view of attributed within sponsored products, brands and display. And then you can send see sort of purchases. And then on the far right hand side you can then see when are they new to brand versus not new to brand is now rolled off across Amazon, Walmart and Instacart. They all do the math a little bit differently. But most importantly within Amazon it's trailing 12 months. They have not purchased from your brand. Yes, they may be channel shifters, but this is sort of to me like Nudibrand will be one of the main KPIs going forward and I think will actually likely replace ROAS in many ways. So you can see the various events, including SNS down at the bottom. And then so what we can start to think through is like okay, well what are those various events? What are those sequences? What are the ads that the customer is being exposed to or the organic traffic that they're seeing or your D2C to start to come up with sort of causation to what ultimately is the event. And ideally that's a purchase or subscription. Then we then want to sort of define cohorts because we're not going to Amazon certainly ain't going to hand us user IDs or email addresses because of the way it's built. Privacy first. But we can start to aggregate customers into sort of privacy safe cohorts. And so here we can then say like, okay, we can think of it sort of longitudinally of like, okay, this is what's happening over time. So September, October, December, pretty easy. And then what are then these sort of, where do they sort of end up? And so you can see sort of like within October sponsor product impression, click purchase, new to brand. December impression, click purchase, not new to brand. So sort of, you know, sort of two different ways of sort of thinking through what is happening on this individual user. And so to me the key here is within NTB and sort of how that math is working. Because one of the things we want to think through is both what does it cost to acquire the customer and then what does it cost to maintain the customer and then what does the customer do over a longer period of time, both on an asin, a brand and even a sort of a vendor level across brand. And so really seeing sort of the spidering effect, you know, of that initial purchase. So now what we're doing is we're saying, okay, number of purchasers, you know, horizontally, you know, on the x axis. So in February we had 81,000 purchasers. And then we can then look at the decay by month. So of the people that purchased in February, 81,012.6, then repeated in March, in April 11, 30, May, 9.5, sort of same thing across each month. And then you sort of, then you see the gap because obviously, you know, they purchased purchase in March. So there's, you know, there's not going to be, you know, anything, you know, pre the initial purchase and that's why it decays. You can then look at sort of and then horizontally what percent return, you know, at least one more month. And so you can then look across that and be like, okay, hey, what does my repeat purchase, you know, behavior, you know, actually look at. And then we can do this on, you know, net new customers, you know, we can really do in any sort of cohort you'd like. We like sort of dividing it up between sort of nude brand repeats, nutrigrand sns and, and then repeat SNS and we'll talk more about those and the value that they create as we keep going. So then we can then say like, okay, now we're going to look at purchases returning and then we can have that sort of basically a mirror on the left hand side and you can see, look at, so over the trailing year, 33% end up returning. But then we can also quantify it not just on a percentage basis, but we can do it on a dollar basis. So then we can start saying, okay, well here's the initial purchase and then how much is this cohort then generating in revenue per month going forward? So then we then say like the initial purchase is about $30 or so, but then over a year it's 61.99. And so you're actually your return. So everybody's looking at the ad consoles and being like, ooh, I put a nickel in, two weeks later I get a dime back. But in reality, Amazon's really damn good at reselling items. And so you're not. So yes, the ad consoles are saying what happened two weeks ago? Or one day ago, depending on sort of how you want to filter it. But what AMC is allowing us to do is say, well, what happens over a year and how much value is, you know, is, is this acquisition, you know, actually driving for me? Because we know that people are repeat, you know, you know, purchasing over and over again. But before amc, there was no way to see this. You Know, so in the sort of like. So the two ways you could kind of see it were, you know, within brand analytics you have the repeat purchase report. That report hasn't been updated in a decade. And, and the look back is only a quarter, so very limiting. The other way you could kind of back into it is sort of your SNS financial backup report, but again that's only on SNS purchases, is not pure repeat and it also doesn't tie back to a user nor how they got there. Within AMC we can start to see tying down to a user, aggregating it up, seeing where they came from and what does that path to purchase look like. So then we can start to compare the cohorts. And again these are sort of cohorts that, you know, we pick, that we find this interesting. But this can be done. You know, sky's the limit, you can sort of do it. You know, the nice thing with that is everything's customizable. So we can then say, new to brand, new sns, how many purchasers are there? New to brand? And then they subscribe, how many are there? Obviously so new to Brand, no SNS 81,000. New to Brand, SNS 11,000. Loyalty. So these are people that we're seeing purchase, you know, you know, repeatedly 110,000 and then loyalty SNS, you know, 22,000. We can then look at sort of what is the, you know, first month average sales, you know, sort of just a GMV calculation. And, and then we can say that over the next 11 months how much additional sales there are. And so you can see that like your new to brands are lower obviously. But then you can start comparing sort of what happens within SNS versus not SNS and how much does that then drive? Okay, now one huge, huge watch out SNS within AMC right now. And Amazon, we're going back and forth and working with them closely on this. It only includes the initial SNS purchase, it does not include the, the subsequent purchases. It's a gap in attribution and sort of an upstream system as far as how to do it longer term that will then be pulled into amc. My guess is over the next month or two. And so when my expectation is that when you look at loyalty sns, that number will probably double just because of how valuable those customers are. But again, you can then start to look at sort of, okay, how many customers am I getting? How much value are they driving? What are these various cohorts? And then starting to figure out, well, who are these folks and how do I sort of reach them and, and then get more of them. Because ultimately what we're trying to do is figure out what are those high average value customers and then pull more of them in and then pull more of them across and we'll talk more about cross selling as we go. So then you can then sort of start to say, and this is going to become really interesting. If I'm a large vendor or large seller with lots of different brands, I can start to compare them and see sort of what does the churn look like, what does the repeat look like. And so you can see here on the table on the left, brand A versus brand B. And so let's look in. So just sort of thinking about January. This is a category that's pretty high. Around New Year new you and you see purchases ON Brand A, 160,000 in January, in February, 7% repeat. And then in March 8.8 and 7.8 all the way down to all in about 34%, 35% then repeat. Now look at brand B. Now in February, 12% so 70% higher than Brand A, then 9%, then 6. And then it's almost an exponential decay as far as what the repeat purchases. So they've got a leaky bucket versus brand A. It's a linear decay. And so it's like you see the repeats and you see the repeats. And so what you end up seeing is sort of brand, you know, brand A, once they've got them, they hang on to them. And these people repeat over and over. These are, these are annuity customers. Brand B. Like yeah, you're getting, you know, a quarter of them are repeating. But look down at the bottom, it's only 1.8% are repeating, you know, the following, you know, 11 months later. And so if I'm a brand, these are two totally different strategies as far as, you know, one, where do I spend the money? Because which one do I want to grow based off of what the repeat purchases? And then two, it's like well how do I fix the leaky bucket? And how much is that behaviorally because of the category that versus this might be a deficiency within the brand. So then we can start saying, okay, well more interesting is then the idea of like what's point of market entry? And then what are then the downstream impacts of that point of market entry? And so we can then start to, we can start to timestamp and again this is all one user on the left hand side. And then we can see when are they purchasing what Asin and is it new to brand, how much revenue is that then driving? But then we can later see that what does that customer end up doing? Well, yeah, a lot of times they repeat on that same asin, but they oftentimes repeat on what we call a downstream asin. And so a downstream ASIN would be like, so if I go in and I think the classic example is diapers. And so I go in and I buy diaper size N or 1 and then I, you know, then later I'm then buying, you know, you know, you know, you know, size two, size three, size four. Great. So I can then tie back that original campaign to, to the pony ASIN to then say, oh, this is where they start. So this is actually like I'm willing to pay much more for that acquisition because they're not just going to repeat on size N, they're going to go, they're going to hang within my brand franchise, you know, all the way through, you know, through pull ups now and then. But then more interestingly is like, okay, well okay, if they start on diapers, do they then end up buying wipes later? And so, okay, sort of, you know, could be under a different brand or then where do they go within the rest of my portfolio. So it's not just sort of did they repeat on the single asin, but then what happens across the entire vendor catalog? And then how do you figure out the cross purchase propensity across these individual ASINs to figure out what is point of market entry and then what are then those downstream impacts and then what is then that spiraling effect across your catalog? So this is a way to sort of then visualize it, you know, on a dollar basis. And so you can see sort of hey, they come in in Feb of 2022. And, and then we can look at sort of the revenue driven by them on the left hand side. Very similar to the table that we showed before. But now what we're doing is we're breaking it apart. So not just the POMI Asin, which is in blue, but then same thing then same subcategory, same brand, downstream sales. Okay, so that would then be okay, they go in, they buy diapers, they then trade up to a bigger size. Makes sense. And then same brand, downstream sales. So now this is done in a different subcategory. So now they go and they buy wipes. And so we can then see it's like, okay, it's not just on an individual ASIN level, it's across your entire portfolio. And so this is then key to see sort of where you should be spending your time promoting. Because if you can figure out what the POMI asins are, that then drive the largest downstream impact, that's where you should be then shifting the dollars. Because this is then saying, it's like, it's not just what happens over two weeks. It's not just what happens on an asin. It's what happens across your entire vendor catalog over a much longer period of time to figure out what your actual return of your investment is. And then we can start layering in the media spend for each event so we can figure out how much we're spending. And we can then say, like, what is the event that's happening? When is it happening? What is the campaign that's driving? We can get much more granular, and we can figure out the actual dollar amounts both for acquiring the customer as well as maintaining them. And so we can then start to look at this longitudinally as well, because we would want to say, we know that sometimes, you know, this gets into sort of like the idea of how much is actually incremental, but then diving in much deeper to say, like, okay, well, how much am I spending to acquire? How much am I spending to maintain? How much am I spending to sort of prevent or fix churn? So then, what does this look like? Okay, so now we then say, same table as before, home ASIN sales, same subcategory, same brand, downstream sales. Then same brand, but different subcategory sales. So now I might have my total sales. Then I can then layer in what are my acquisition costs for that initial purchase. And then I can then see what are my maintenance costs, how much am I sort of spending to sort of keep this person engaged? This is getting into sort of like, okay, maybe you're sort of doing it, you know, a DSP remarketing of people that purchased before to remind them to buy more, you know, or it's, you know, hey, they're seeing search ads and they're going back, they didn't subscribe, they're just going back to Amazon and, you know, and sort of adding that in. So then we then create sort of this, you know, this waterfall chart that then says, okay, well, how much are my permi ASIN sales? What are my initial acquisition costs? So, like, my initial sales are, you know, $30. I'm spending, you know, $9.50 to acquire them. I'm then thinking through, what am I homey? Asin subsequent sales. So repeat on the individual asin that's generating another $20 over a year. And then layering on, you know, same subcategory, the same brand downstream sales over that year. I then layer in what is then the downstream ASINs, but a different subcategory. And then I'm lastly then subtracting out what is my maintenance spend across this user. Then we can then graph that over time on the right hand side and then we can look at the running total sales cost per cohort. It's getting much far. Obviously we're getting way beyond just a little two week attribution and we're looking at it a much longer timeframe. But we're also looking at broader. And this is like, okay, yeah, you acquire them, what are they gonna do later? You know, that becomes really, really interesting. And then how are all your brand marketing events to cross sell? You know, both leveraged by Amazon, but also your mass, especially Linear Television or fsis. And how that's then driving sort of across the portfolio. Okay, then the other one is like, what are you gonna do with it? I think a critique a lot of people have around amc. It's like, okay, really interesting insights, but so what then this is then a new release within Amazon's called Audience Builder. What we can then do is we can start saying if a customer is creating a custom query within AMC and then we can then push it via either a UI or via an API to the dsp. You can start thinking about, okay, well what are the signals that I would want to create to then further the objectives that we then outlined earlier? Going in and saying, okay, well what are those user signals? User purchases this item and I know there's a cross currency for purchase. They buy cat litter, some cat food, whatever. You can then automate that and you can start saying, oh, they exhibited this behavior, go do this. But then you can then layer in additional things. Let's say you have a large D2C. Well, we can then import that data. We could then do a joint, it's hashed so it's privacy first. And then you can then do a join or hey, they hit the pixel on your brand.com, you then want to join that on Amazon. Ooh, now I'm going to create this new audience. So you can sort of, there's this compounding effect of sort of investment here and that you can figure out all these little ways of engaging with the customer and then sort of helping them, steer them and driving discoverability. Because ultimately Amazon's biggest challenge is that how ruthlessly efficient they are in the sense that Bezos had long said. You want to do more something decrease friction, well to a fault. And that time on site is so short, it's only a couple of minutes. And so Amazon is really tough to do Discoverability because the path to purchase is typically search, click, buy, bounce and a minute or two goes by and then that's it. And so to drive Discoverability you need to think sort of wider. And so leveraging STV, leveraging the DSP, leveraging off site, leveraging IMDb to then say okay, well this is how I drive Discoverability. It's not just within the store, it's also outside of it. But I want to use to make sure that the information and the insights from the store to power my media strategy. And this is especially important if I think about in a post ATT world where one party data is key. And so in here what we actually can close the loop and see it. Which is something I think large consumer brands outside of those that have a large D2C have never been able to see before. So this reaction sort of rethinks how people go to market within their advertising investment. And so the last thing you sort of think of like okay, well here's what I would then go do, you know, when am I going to sort of use audience builder to cross sell, you know, across you know, my gateway or my home asins, when am I going to use it to drive retention? Who are my high low value cohorts? So figuring out whether it's on a demo basis, behavioral basis, SMS versus not, you know, maybe they're hitting the PDPs multiple times and then bouncing, what are the queries that they're typing in? All of these different things we can then customize and then for each brand say, because in my mind like if I think about amc, the mistake everybody's making is that they think it's a dashboarding exercise. It's not a dashboarding exercise. There may be dashboards, but it's much more of a deep diving exercise that then drives action. And I think as brands dive into this, really understand the nuances of the data like we can talk about. Attribution is a really fun one, but as you get deeper and deeper into it, you can then start figuring out these insights and, and these insights are vectors of advantage for brands. And there's a compounding effect over time because as you figure these out, you then build on it and build on it and build on it. And so it's infrastructure. And so the brands that are sort of digging in here now are going to Reap the, you know, the rewards for years and years to come. You're out. We can't hear you. Russia. What about now? There you go. Okay. Three years in and I'm getting used to the video conferencing. Thank you, Patrick, for walking us through that. I mean, I think the highest level takeaway that I learned just now is that AMC allows for a much longer timeframe and a more broad, all encompassing view of the value of a customer. So, you know, as I think about trying to explain this to executives, that's sort of like one of the big takeaways from today. So thank you for putting, putting that together. A lot of information, but I loved how you walked us through that. We got a lot of questions along the way, so we're going to get to those. Just a couple of things before we get to Q and A. Patrick and his team created the QR code that you see here for consumer brand attendees. So if you go ahead and follow that code, if you'd like to learn more about Flywheel's AMC test and Learn program, which was essentially designed to help brands uncover insights about their business via amc, some of which Patrick talked about today. And then for those new to Strataly, Stratably has several upcoming sessions like today's plan for each of the next three weeks and really the full year check out our events page to register. And then of course, all of our individual and company members get so much out of Stratable. So if you feel like your organization could use a resource to help it close that e commerce knowledge gap, we've got just a wonderful set of services that do just that and we make it really easy to accomplish that goal. So email me to learn more about that. Okay, so with that being said, let's look at Q and A and we're going to go over time. So hopefully if you're on the call, you can hang out as we go through some of the questions, some of which were submitted ahead of time, some of which came in live. So let's just go through some of these, Patrick, if you're up for it. Yeah. Okay, so a couple that came in live here. Does AMC have a large look back window or is it only in real time? So when you first spin up an instance, it's a seven day look back. It then accumulates up to 12 and a half months worth of data as the instance ages. My expectation is longer term they'll extend it, but. But right now it's 12 and a half months total. But that's from time of spinning up the instance the instances are free to get. As long as you're a DSP customer later this year, they'll open it up to everybody. But if you don't have an instance, go get an instance right now. It doesn't cost you anything and it gets more and more valuable over time. And that's one of the reasons why you should act now versus waiting. Right? Yep. Yep. Is the AMC Shopper Insights beta worth buying into? So the Shopper Insights data is a. Is a euphemism for the retail data that is non ad exposed. And it's really when we've done an analysis, we looked across like 50 different brands of what was in AMC versus what was in the Retail Insights data. And where the overlap was, it tends to be the higher your SNS penetration, the more valuable it is. The lower your SNS penetration, the less valuable it is. With some noise around what your three Ps and so three Ps are included within your, within the AMC data because it's ads data versus it's not in your vendor central data. So, you know, so it, it depends. Ping me. I can walk you through sort of when is it, When's it worth it? I would say it struggled with adoption thus far and we talked a little bit before about SNS data. Once that SNS data is in there, my expectation is some of that will probably be within the paid subset, then it's really going to be worth doing it. If you have a high SNS penetration. Is the data that you were walking us through today, is that all coming from the paid beta feature in amc? None of it is. Okay, so this question, how do you solve for attribution problem? As an example, I'm kind of paraphrasing here, but wipe is a downstream purchase from a size one diaper purchase, but consumer also probably exposed to other primary campaigns for wipes. Yes. So that's, I think the beauty of AMC and sort of especially where it's going. You saw that there's an AWS announcement about four weeks ago or so where they're opening up. Basically press a button if you're a publisher and you can spin up your own clean room. That then starts to solve for reaching frequency across the web, assuming publishers go and do that. And so as an incident. So that would be number one. Number two would be if you then have sort of deterministic measurement of who you're reaching across those other vehicles, you can then upload that into AMC and then you can then see sort of order, you know, of exposure as well. As frequency across on a user level. So that's dependent upon having the data to be able to upload into AMC or you can leverage Liveramp and then they have a server to server integration to also sort of accomplish the same thing. So a bunch of different ways to do it. Attribution is a big hairy one. I don't love Amazon's instructional query on it. I think it's too generous on a view basis and the look back windows too long. But again that's why I think AMC is fine because you can customize it and you can figure out what are your decay curves based off of the depth of impression to create customized attribution. If I'm a big brand that I would be spending so much time there because it's so it's, you know, it's an MMM on steroids. Why, why is default new to brand reporting trailing 12 months? Is it possible to see longer time horizon via AMC? Not yet. You only see the 12. You only see 12 months. As far as the look back, my guess is if they extend it, you could just build a custom query to then say like when was the exposure, what was the purchase and then what was then the look back because you'd have sort of the user ID to then build out the query. I don't like why they picked it. I think it said like it's a year but to me it's like nudibrand like and I'm sorry, I don't know who's doing it but like why new to brand is a superior ad metric like it is because the challenge though is that Walmart, Amazon and Instacart are all doing it slightly differently. So using the same language but the math is different. If somebody wants it like I can send you a chart that shows how they're doing it differently. But if I'm a brand, I want to look at new to brand growth by retailer to figure out sort of the relative health of the various retailers. Because that then sort of solves for one channel shifting but two overall growth and then lastly what is churn? Okay. Would the modeling apply to brands which have a long repeat purchase that is two to three years? Yes, that's where the cross sell really matters. And so like NTB is like semi durables, like NTV is not nearly as useful. Like you know, you're buying a big screen tv. People typically don't buy those every month. You know, same thing with like a mattress or something. But a lot of these companies will also then have adjacency. So you make mattresses, you also make a pillow topper, you also make pillows, you also make a bed. And so you use the mattress as pomi and then you spider it out to the other, you know, you know, subsets of selection. And so that's where I would sort of say like, hey, this is net new. And then it's not just, hey, did I sell a mattress? But it's did I sell them all these other things? And did they like, you know, how much do they like my brand? How would you speak to fears from brands around Amazon, quote unquote, stealing their data and then sharing that with their internal teams to their advantage so that the way AMC is built, it's not a policy decision, it's a technical decision. And so they can't, they literally can't do it. They can't see what you're doing. You upload your first party data, especially like an email, it's attached, so they literally cannot see it. So it's not, it's not, it's not policy. Do you trust them? It's technically, could they do it? And the answer is no. So it's a. So there's a. I think you just deep dive, you know, get your IT people to sort of deep dive on the technical aspects of how they're doing it. And that's the trust builder, like, of course, like them, you know, smiling, nodding like, no, like, that's not enough. But the how they built it, you know, should build trust. But I also like it sort of push. It's like, it's like people like, you know, like the private label of, like, people being like, oh, Amazon's using my data. What data people could use could buy a Jungle Scout subscription for 30 bucks a month and get good enough. So, like, I feel like that's in certain ways just an overblown fear. That said, Amazon was pretty dumb about how they share data. But that's another issue you talked about on one of the prior slides, the leaky bucket. What are some of the actions that you can take as a result or what's driving the leaky bucket? So this is one of the brands, everyone here, a lot of times your product's not that good, your baby's ugly. And so if your product's not that good, guess what? A 300 by 250 ain't going to pull somebody back in. So focus on the ratings and reviews, figure out why people don't like it, and then use it as an upstream club to get your, you know, your colleagues to sort of listen to the customer and why they don't like it. Now that said, you know, I think looking at sort of time like so like, like an interesting one is acquisition of sort of, you know, BAU versus tentpole and saying like okay, well when I pull in net new customers during tentpole events, are they more churny as opposed to bau? And so like to me like that then sort of dictates is a planning exercise as far as where I want to spend based off the sort of how many customers I acquire and then how many they then spit out. When you think about customer lifetime value and you've been in AMC for a while looking at this, what was most counterintuitive to you? Or like did your thinking, did any of your thinking sort of fundamentally shift or change as you got into the data? Every day we fight like dogs internally about all this stuff and it's so much fun around the debate. Like we just had a huge debate about how do we do attribution on sponsored products. Should it be click based or impression based? And so like on the Amazon instructional query, it's impression based to show path to purchase. Well but it's impression, it's not necessarily viewable. And so like on the sponsored products on the PDP that people don't see, should that be getting credit? I don't think so. And so we then sort of had like a challenger mindset to then say no, we shouldn't be giving credit on sponsored products top on an impression level because we know that's 100% viewable on a click basis we'll give it to all of them. So it's like it changes every day. Like that's why this is fun because you get to sort of, you know, you get to everybody gets to seat at the table and then debate and it rewards the deep dive in the domain expertise. So yeah, so my mind changes every single day and I'll be bored out of my mind when it stops. You talked about, I think this question relates to like the dashboarding comments you made with templatized Amazon and 3P query libraries. What's the value in custom SQL queries on AMC? Sure. It's like, I mean it's like what I was saying about path to purchase. And so it's like if you assume that if like right now the instructional query within path to purchase is a, you know, looks at, you know, doesn't take into account repeat purchases, gives a view based or an impression based on sponsored products regardless of placement, and counts a DSP on both A an impression level, not a viewable level. Well, I disagree with three of those things. And so to me, it's like you want to be like, the instructional query is a starting point, it's not an endpoint. And it's a way for Amazon to create a tailwind to make it easier for adoption. But if you're just using the same thing that everybody else is using, you don't have a vector advantage. And so you want to dive deeper as well as acknowledging that your brands are different. And, you know, a mattress company is different than a diaper company is different than a soft line company is different than a TV company. And the media strategies are different, the path to purchase is different, how you interact with customers are different, the repeat cycle is different, the downstream impact is different. And, and if you're just going to use something that's off the shelf, like, you know, have fun, but like, if I'm a brand, I'd want an advantage. And that's where diving deep really is the reward. How reliable is the data, do you feel? Are you experiencing questionable results or issues with data accuracy? It's not so much accuracy as it is a. If you try to query too granularly, the privacy, you know, hurdles will then sort of spit back a null value. So you basically just get a zero. And so that's the bigger issue. But I think you learn over time, how can I query on what grain, in order to get information out of is a newer product, it crashes sometimes, you get throttled sometimes. So there's certainly issues like some of the more complex queries, you sometimes have to run them overnight. But again, it's like, as you learn it, as Amazon gets better at it, it gets easier and easier. It reminds me a lot of when it first started, you know, 10 years ago, where it's like, it's ugly, it's hard. But that's like when you can get an advantage, you know, early AMs, like we're running on our personal credit cards, you're getting a $25 ROAS on that broad match. Like, you know, you could print money. And so it's like, this is similar within amc. It's just a lot more intricate and a lot more complicated. I don't. With this next question, I don't. I'm not trying to be critical of Amazon, but I do know a lot of brands that are using amc, see, with the Amazon Ads team, and I would say on average, and I've done benchmarking around this as well, they tend to sort of say, like, Ah, you know, the results like are, you know, I don't know, it's like not, not as big of a deal. So what would you say to brands? Like, why is that the case? I guess I don't know what the prescription is other than like working with a different group. But just can you speak to that? Like, why would that be happening? It's absolutely true. But like salespeople are not going to become domain experts within AMC overnight. And so Amazon is trying to create a bar raising exercise to make the salespeople have more of a challenger mindset to come to brands to add value, not to sell stuff they're not there yet. And so it's a little bit of, you know, a little bit of being patient with them. But it's being, but I would actually challenge and say it's being impatient with yourselves. And so, you know, if you think that there is information here that is worthy of diving into, it's like, okay, figure out how do you go do it, how do you take advantage of what Amazon's giving you and then, you know, and then extract that value for your advantage. You talked a little bit about this quickly, but how do you use AMC to compare lifetime value across omnichannel? Like is this just an Amazon? And Patrick and I, before the session for those we were lamenting, we both have little kids that are always getting us sick and we both have coughs and we're always constantly sick. So anyways, Patrick's coughing, I'm coughing. But, but we're here. You can go off camera too. It's a little easier. Or I can wind it down. So I lost my voice. The panel will eventually help you. Okay. The Amazon's panel is actually what you need. It's not there yet, but it will be mid year and that panel has, I think if I recall from other meetings, it's like 300,000 shoppers or something like that and growing and that's how they're going to try to address that topic. Oh, sorry, preschool. I come back with like the crud every day which is why I'm working from home, so I don't get people sick. But yeah, apologies for that. No worries. Are you good? Shall we wrap it up? I'm coming back. Thank you. Sorry. Okay, just a couple high level questions inside a consumer brands. You know, you're working with who's like the typical owner of amc, if you will or like who's the driving force inside of a consumer brand? Typically sometimes it's customer team, sometimes it's analytics and insight. Sometimes it's brand new, I think it's tbd, and a lot of times it's the nerd in the corner who knows SQL. So it's a longer term. I think it's gonna shift, especially as it was like Snap yesterday and their earnings called out clean rooms and how important they are. So I think it goes to the brand level long term, but it's not there yet. Yep. Okay, one more question here, I think. Oh, no, I'm sorry, we already answered that question. So I think that's it. We still have a lot of people on the line, but no more questions have come in. So why don't we go ahead and wrap it up? So, Patrick, again, thank you so much for taking the time to put together the presentation and sharing your knowledge with us. Greatly appreciate you hanging around. Extra time to field the Q and A again, attendees. You know, follow that QR code. Patrick and his team have really been at the forefront of amc, so they really know their stuff. But greatly appreciate you all for dialing in today. Patrick, have a great rest of your week. All the attendees have a great rest of your week. Take care everyone. Thanks.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: You.

Speaker B: Welcome everyone to today's live session. I'm Russ Derringer, founder of Stratably, a research and education firm that tackles the e commerce knowledge gap inside consumer brands each and every week. Excited to be with you today. With our second live session of the year, I've invited Patrick Miller, co president of Digital Commerce at Essential, to dive into a facet of Amazon marketing cloud. In particular, how to measure customer lifetime value by cohort and then what actions can be taken as a result. Patrick has been working in the Amazon and retail media ecosystem for a decade at this point and is one of the foremost experts when it comes to Amazon advertising and now amc. Welcome, Patrick.

Speaker A: Good to be here. Thanks for having me.

Speaker B: Okay, so if this is the first time you've attended one of these sessions, they're meant to be just very efficient and to the point and they're designed for intermediate to advanced e commerce practitioners. Patrick by reputation is going to move pretty quick through this. He's going to spend maybe about 20 minutes or so walking through his material. Feel free to enter questions along the way and we'll address those at the end and we will also send out a recording of the event later today. Okay, so just to set a little context before Patrick gets going, during registration, I asked you all whether you're using amc and this was the feedback. The data. This number has moved higher over the last year, but I project it's going to move significantly higher, maybe 20, even 30 points higher this year because the power of AMC is becoming more known and more agencies are starting to think about it. More hire staff for it all to help unlock its potential. More brands are starting to inquire about it as well, but still only a minority using it so far. Now, why is AMC important? This is a diagram that I created to map out different levers and tools and programs that 1P brands have at their disposal. And the matrix looks at impact on the y axis and adoption on the X axis. And you'll find AMC along with stream and attribution in the top left quadrant. That quadrant means these tools have the potential for big impact. But only a minority of brands are adopting these tools so far, as shown in the prior chart. And so what that adds up to is a competitive edge, meaning these are tools that your competitors are unlikely to be using and they can be quite meaningful inputs to your strategy and the tactics that you deploy. And hence why it's a focus of today's session and also a focus of future Stratable sessions throughout the year. So that brings me back to You, Patrick, you all have been at the forefront of AMC for quite a while now. You've really influenced my thinking on the power of the tool and I'm really excited to learn from you today. Attendees again submit questions as we go through the presentation and we'll get to those. But Patrick, why don't you go ahead and take it away?

Speaker A: Awesome. Thanks so much, Russ. Russ said that I could be nerdy on this one and dive deep, so thank you for that. I'm not going to apologize for the acronyms, but this thing, it's just fun. It's just enjoyable to dig into and understand and excited to share what we've been working on. We have a total of 15 slides, you know, so, you know, sort of go through those, ping us with questions and. Yeah, excited to have a conversation. Great. Next slide. Okay, so we're going to dive into sort of like one thinking through LTV and then. But like how's, like how are the tables structured? How does the math work in a way to then group them and analyze them. We want to start with a whole lot of data in AMC and then you can add your own. But honing in on events, what are those events and how do you then tie them to a customer or user ID and then query on top of that. In this example you can see in the first column you have User id. User ID is something within AMC you can query on but you can't export because of privacy. But it allows you to aggregate and see what are those various shopper journeys. You then have date and timestamp. You then have ASIN and then you then have the event. And so specifically across these click Purchase. Detail page view. Impression of view. So both the detail page view as well as sort of the view. An interesting little nuance within AMC is it will actually break out within the DSP campaigns. What is a viewable impression versus just an impression served you buy on a total impression basis, not a viewable impression. Within the ad console, it will only tell you conversions attributed to a viewable impression. And so by combining them, you can start to actually figure out incrementality of dsp. But we're not talking about that today. But if you want to, we can. So anyway, so this is sort of like how the structure looks within the table in a simplified view within amsa. Then you start to organize it. Then now we have a simplified user ID. You see one on one, so that's one user and then two is the second user. Then we can then see across various ASINs within this catalog what are the various events. Then you can say, okay, hey, there's a DSP impression or sponsored ads impression because remember within AMC we can not just see click attributed but we can also see a view of attributed within sponsored products, brands and display. And then you can send see sort of purchases. And then on the far right hand side you can then see when are they new to brand versus not new to brand is now rolled off across Amazon, Walmart and Instacart. They all do the math a little bit differently. But most importantly within Amazon it's trailing 12 months. They have not purchased from your brand. Yes, they may be channel shifters, but this is sort of to me like Nudibrand will be one of the main KPIs going forward and I think will actually likely replace ROAS in many ways. So you can see the various events, including SNS down at the bottom. And then so what we can start to think through is like okay, well what are those various events? What are those sequences? What are the ads that the customer is being exposed to or the organic traffic that they're seeing or your D2C to start to come up with sort of causation to what ultimately is the event. And ideally that's a purchase or subscription. Then we then want to sort of define cohorts because we're not going to Amazon certainly ain't going to hand us user IDs or email addresses because of the way it's built. Privacy first. But we can start to aggregate customers into sort of privacy safe cohorts. And so here we can then say like, okay, we can think of it sort of longitudinally of like, okay, this is what's happening over time. So September, October, December, pretty easy. And then what are then these sort of, where do they sort of end up? And so you can see sort of like within October sponsor product impression, click purchase, new to brand. December impression, click purchase, not new to brand. So sort of, you know, sort of two different ways of sort of thinking through what is happening on this individual user. And so to me the key here is within NTB and sort of how that math is working. Because one of the things we want to think through is both what does it cost to acquire the customer and then what does it cost to maintain the customer and then what does the customer do over a longer period of time, both on an asin, a brand and even a sort of a vendor level across brand. And so really seeing sort of the spidering effect, you know, of that initial purchase. So now what we're doing is we're saying, okay, number of purchasers, you know, horizontally, you know, on the x axis. So in February we had 81,000 purchasers. And then we can then look at the decay by month. So of the people that purchased in February, 81,012.6, then repeated in March, in April 11, 30, May, 9.5, sort of same thing across each month. And then you sort of, then you see the gap because obviously, you know, they purchased purchase in March. So there's, you know, there's not going to be, you know, anything, you know, pre the initial purchase and that's why it decays. You can then look at sort of and then horizontally what percent return, you know, at least one more month. And so you can then look across that and be like, okay, hey, what does my repeat purchase, you know, behavior, you know, actually look at. And then we can do this on, you know, net new customers, you know, we can really do in any sort of cohort you'd like. We like sort of dividing it up between sort of nude brand repeats, nutrigrand sns and, and then repeat SNS and we'll talk more about those and the value that they create as we keep going. So then we can then say like, okay, now we're going to look at purchases returning and then we can have that sort of basically a mirror on the left hand side and you can see, look at, so over the trailing year, 33% end up returning. But then we can also quantify it not just on a percentage basis, but we can do it on a dollar basis. So then we can start saying, okay, well here's the initial purchase and then how much is this cohort then generating in revenue per month going forward? So then we then say like the initial purchase is about $30 or so, but then over a year it's 61.99. And so you're actually your return. So everybody's looking at the ad consoles and being like, ooh, I put a nickel in, two weeks later I get a dime back. But in reality, Amazon's really damn good at reselling items. And so you're not. So yes, the ad consoles are saying what happened two weeks ago? Or one day ago, depending on sort of how you want to filter it. But what AMC is allowing us to do is say, well, what happens over a year and how much value is, you know, is, is this acquisition, you know, actually driving for me? Because we know that people are repeat, you know, you know, purchasing over and over again. But before amc, there was no way to see this. You Know, so in the sort of like. So the two ways you could kind of see it were, you know, within brand analytics you have the repeat purchase report. That report hasn't been updated in a decade. And, and the look back is only a quarter, so very limiting. The other way you could kind of back into it is sort of your SNS financial backup report, but again that's only on SNS purchases, is not pure repeat and it also doesn't tie back to a user nor how they got there. Within AMC we can start to see tying down to a user, aggregating it up, seeing where they came from and what does that path to purchase look like. So then we can start to compare the cohorts. And again these are sort of cohorts that, you know, we pick, that we find this interesting. But this can be done. You know, sky's the limit, you can sort of do it. You know, the nice thing with that is everything's customizable. So we can then say, new to brand, new sns, how many purchasers are there? New to brand? And then they subscribe, how many are there? Obviously so new to Brand, no SNS 81,000. New to Brand, SNS 11,000. Loyalty. So these are people that we're seeing purchase, you know, you know, repeatedly 110,000 and then loyalty SNS, you know, 22,000. We can then look at sort of what is the, you know, first month average sales, you know, sort of just a GMV calculation. And, and then we can say that over the next 11 months how much additional sales there are. And so you can see that like your new to brands are lower obviously. But then you can start comparing sort of what happens within SNS versus not SNS and how much does that then drive? Okay, now one huge, huge watch out SNS within AMC right now. And Amazon, we're going back and forth and working with them closely on this. It only includes the initial SNS purchase, it does not include the, the subsequent purchases. It's a gap in attribution and sort of an upstream system as far as how to do it longer term that will then be pulled into amc. My guess is over the next month or two. And so when my expectation is that when you look at loyalty sns, that number will probably double just because of how valuable those customers are. But again, you can then start to look at sort of, okay, how many customers am I getting? How much value are they driving? What are these various cohorts? And then starting to figure out, well, who are these folks and how do I sort of reach them and, and then get more of them. Because ultimately what we're trying to do is figure out what are those high average value customers and then pull more of them in and then pull more of them across and we'll talk more about cross selling as we go. So then you can then sort of start to say, and this is going to become really interesting. If I'm a large vendor or large seller with lots of different brands, I can start to compare them and see sort of what does the churn look like, what does the repeat look like. And so you can see here on the table on the left, brand A versus brand B. And so let's look in. So just sort of thinking about January. This is a category that's pretty high. Around New Year new you and you see purchases ON Brand A, 160,000 in January, in February, 7% repeat. And then in March 8.8 and 7.8 all the way down to all in about 34%, 35% then repeat. Now look at brand B. Now in February, 12% so 70% higher than Brand A, then 9%, then 6. And then it's almost an exponential decay as far as what the repeat purchases. So they've got a leaky bucket versus brand A. It's a linear decay. And so it's like you see the repeats and you see the repeats. And so what you end up seeing is sort of brand, you know, brand A, once they've got them, they hang on to them. And these people repeat over and over. These are, these are annuity customers. Brand B. Like yeah, you're getting, you know, a quarter of them are repeating. But look down at the bottom, it's only 1.8% are repeating, you know, the following, you know, 11 months later. And so if I'm a brand, these are two totally different strategies as far as, you know, one, where do I spend the money? Because which one do I want to grow based off of what the repeat purchases? And then two, it's like well how do I fix the leaky bucket? And how much is that behaviorally because of the category that versus this might be a deficiency within the brand. So then we can start saying, okay, well more interesting is then the idea of like what's point of market entry? And then what are then the downstream impacts of that point of market entry? And so we can then start to, we can start to timestamp and again this is all one user on the left hand side. And then we can see when are they purchasing what Asin and is it new to brand, how much revenue is that then driving? But then we can later see that what does that customer end up doing? Well, yeah, a lot of times they repeat on that same asin, but they oftentimes repeat on what we call a downstream asin. And so a downstream ASIN would be like, so if I go in and I think the classic example is diapers. And so I go in and I buy diaper size N or 1 and then I, you know, then later I'm then buying, you know, you know, you know, you know, size two, size three, size four. Great. So I can then tie back that original campaign to, to the pony ASIN to then say, oh, this is where they start. So this is actually like I'm willing to pay much more for that acquisition because they're not just going to repeat on size N, they're going to go, they're going to hang within my brand franchise, you know, all the way through, you know, through pull ups now and then. But then more interestingly is like, okay, well okay, if they start on diapers, do they then end up buying wipes later? And so, okay, sort of, you know, could be under a different brand or then where do they go within the rest of my portfolio. So it's not just sort of did they repeat on the single asin, but then what happens across the entire vendor catalog? And then how do you figure out the cross purchase propensity across these individual ASINs to figure out what is point of market entry and then what are then those downstream impacts and then what is then that spiraling effect across your catalog? So this is a way to sort of then visualize it, you know, on a dollar basis. And so you can see sort of hey, they come in in Feb of 2022. And, and then we can look at sort of the revenue driven by them on the left hand side. Very similar to the table that we showed before. But now what we're doing is we're breaking it apart. So not just the POMI Asin, which is in blue, but then same thing then same subcategory, same brand, downstream sales. Okay, so that would then be okay, they go in, they buy diapers, they then trade up to a bigger size. Makes sense. And then same brand, downstream sales. So now this is done in a different subcategory. So now they go and they buy wipes. And so we can then see it's like, okay, it's not just on an individual ASIN level, it's across your entire portfolio. And so this is then key to see sort of where you should be spending your time promoting. Because if you can figure out what the POMI asins are, that then drive the largest downstream impact, that's where you should be then shifting the dollars. Because this is then saying, it's like, it's not just what happens over two weeks. It's not just what happens on an asin. It's what happens across your entire vendor catalog over a much longer period of time to figure out what your actual return of your investment is. And then we can start layering in the media spend for each event so we can figure out how much we're spending. And we can then say, like, what is the event that's happening? When is it happening? What is the campaign that's driving? We can get much more granular, and we can figure out the actual dollar amounts both for acquiring the customer as well as maintaining them. And so we can then start to look at this longitudinally as well, because we would want to say, we know that sometimes, you know, this gets into sort of like the idea of how much is actually incremental, but then diving in much deeper to say, like, okay, well, how much am I spending to acquire? How much am I spending to maintain? How much am I spending to sort of prevent or fix churn? So then, what does this look like? Okay, so now we then say, same table as before, home ASIN sales, same subcategory, same brand, downstream sales. Then same brand, but different subcategory sales. So now I might have my total sales. Then I can then layer in what are my acquisition costs for that initial purchase. And then I can then see what are my maintenance costs, how much am I sort of spending to sort of keep this person engaged? This is getting into sort of like, okay, maybe you're sort of doing it, you know, a DSP remarketing of people that purchased before to remind them to buy more, you know, or it's, you know, hey, they're seeing search ads and they're going back, they didn't subscribe, they're just going back to Amazon and, you know, and sort of adding that in. So then we then create sort of this, you know, this waterfall chart that then says, okay, well, how much are my permi ASIN sales? What are my initial acquisition costs? So, like, my initial sales are, you know, $30. I'm spending, you know, $9.50 to acquire them. I'm then thinking through, what am I homey? Asin subsequent sales. So repeat on the individual asin that's generating another $20 over a year. And then layering on, you know, same subcategory, the same brand downstream sales over that year. I then layer in what is then the downstream ASINs, but a different subcategory. And then I'm lastly then subtracting out what is my maintenance spend across this user. Then we can then graph that over time on the right hand side and then we can look at the running total sales cost per cohort. It's getting much far. Obviously we're getting way beyond just a little two week attribution and we're looking at it a much longer timeframe. But we're also looking at broader. And this is like, okay, yeah, you acquire them, what are they gonna do later? You know, that becomes really, really interesting. And then how are all your brand marketing events to cross sell? You know, both leveraged by Amazon, but also your mass, especially Linear Television or fsis. And how that's then driving sort of across the portfolio. Okay, then the other one is like, what are you gonna do with it? I think a critique a lot of people have around amc. It's like, okay, really interesting insights, but so what then this is then a new release within Amazon's called Audience Builder. What we can then do is we can start saying if a customer is creating a custom query within AMC and then we can then push it via either a UI or via an API to the dsp. You can start thinking about, okay, well what are the signals that I would want to create to then further the objectives that we then outlined earlier? Going in and saying, okay, well what are those user signals? User purchases this item and I know there's a cross currency for purchase. They buy cat litter, some cat food, whatever. You can then automate that and you can start saying, oh, they exhibited this behavior, go do this. But then you can then layer in additional things. Let's say you have a large D2C. Well, we can then import that data. We could then do a joint, it's hashed so it's privacy first. And then you can then do a join or hey, they hit the pixel on your brand.com, you then want to join that on Amazon. Ooh, now I'm going to create this new audience. So you can sort of, there's this compounding effect of sort of investment here and that you can figure out all these little ways of engaging with the customer and then sort of helping them, steer them and driving discoverability. Because ultimately Amazon's biggest challenge is that how ruthlessly efficient they are in the sense that Bezos had long said. You want to do more something decrease friction, well to a fault. And that time on site is so short, it's only a couple of minutes. And so Amazon is really tough to do Discoverability because the path to purchase is typically search, click, buy, bounce and a minute or two goes by and then that's it. And so to drive Discoverability you need to think sort of wider. And so leveraging STV, leveraging the DSP, leveraging off site, leveraging IMDb to then say okay, well this is how I drive Discoverability. It's not just within the store, it's also outside of it. But I want to use to make sure that the information and the insights from the store to power my media strategy. And this is especially important if I think about in a post ATT world where one party data is key. And so in here what we actually can close the loop and see it. Which is something I think large consumer brands outside of those that have a large D2C have never been able to see before. So this reaction sort of rethinks how people go to market within their advertising investment. And so the last thing you sort of think of like okay, well here's what I would then go do, you know, when am I going to sort of use audience builder to cross sell, you know, across you know, my gateway or my home asins, when am I going to use it to drive retention? Who are my high low value cohorts? So figuring out whether it's on a demo basis, behavioral basis, SMS versus not, you know, maybe they're hitting the PDPs multiple times and then bouncing, what are the queries that they're typing in? All of these different things we can then customize and then for each brand say, because in my mind like if I think about amc, the mistake everybody's making is that they think it's a dashboarding exercise. It's not a dashboarding exercise. There may be dashboards, but it's much more of a deep diving exercise that then drives action. And I think as brands dive into this, really understand the nuances of the data like we can talk about. Attribution is a really fun one, but as you get deeper and deeper into it, you can then start figuring out these insights and, and these insights are vectors of advantage for brands. And there's a compounding effect over time because as you figure these out, you then build on it and build on it and build on it. And so it's infrastructure. And so the brands that are sort of digging in here now are going to Reap the, you know, the rewards for years and years to come. You're out. We can't hear you. Russia.

Speaker B: What about now?

Speaker A: There you go.

Speaker B: Okay. Three years in and I'm getting used to the video conferencing. Thank you, Patrick, for walking us through that. I mean, I think the highest level takeaway that I learned just now is that AMC allows for a much longer timeframe and a more broad, all encompassing view of the value of a customer. So, you know, as I think about trying to explain this to executives, that's sort of like one of the big takeaways from today. So thank you for putting, putting that together. A lot of information, but I loved how you walked us through that. We got a lot of questions along the way, so we're going to get to those. Just a couple of things before we get to Q and A. Patrick and his team created the QR code that you see here for consumer brand attendees. So if you go ahead and follow that code, if you'd like to learn more about Flywheel's AMC test and Learn program, which was essentially designed to help brands uncover insights about their business via amc, some of which Patrick talked about today. And then for those new to Strataly, Stratably has several upcoming sessions like today's plan for each of the next three weeks and really the full year check out our events page to register. And then of course, all of our individual and company members get so much out of Stratable. So if you feel like your organization could use a resource to help it close that e commerce knowledge gap, we've got just a wonderful set of services that do just that and we make it really easy to accomplish that goal. So email me to learn more about that. Okay, so with that being said, let's look at Q and A and we're going to go over time. So hopefully if you're on the call, you can hang out as we go through some of the questions, some of which were submitted ahead of time, some of which came in live. So let's just go through some of these, Patrick, if you're up for it.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so a couple that came in live here. Does AMC have a large look back window or is it only in real time?

Speaker A: So when you first spin up an instance, it's a seven day look back. It then accumulates up to 12 and a half months worth of data as the instance ages. My expectation is longer term they'll extend it, but. But right now it's 12 and a half months total. But that's from time of spinning up the instance the instances are free to get. As long as you're a DSP customer later this year, they'll open it up to everybody. But if you don't have an instance, go get an instance right now. It doesn't cost you anything and it gets more and more valuable over time.

Speaker B: And that's one of the reasons why you should act now versus waiting. Right?

Speaker A: Yep. Yep.

Speaker B: Is the AMC Shopper Insights beta worth buying into?

Speaker A: So the Shopper Insights data is a. Is a euphemism for the retail data that is non ad exposed. And it's really when we've done an analysis, we looked across like 50 different brands of what was in AMC versus what was in the Retail Insights data. And where the overlap was, it tends to be the higher your SNS penetration, the more valuable it is. The lower your SNS penetration, the less valuable it is. With some noise around what your three Ps and so three Ps are included within your, within the AMC data because it's ads data versus it's not in your vendor central data. So, you know, so it, it depends. Ping me. I can walk you through sort of when is it, When's it worth it? I would say it struggled with adoption thus far and we talked a little bit before about SNS data. Once that SNS data is in there, my expectation is some of that will probably be within the paid subset, then it's really going to be worth doing it. If you have a high SNS penetration.

Speaker B: Is the data that you were walking us through today, is that all coming from the paid beta feature in amc?

Speaker A: None of it is.

Speaker B: Okay, so this question, how do you solve for attribution problem? As an example, I'm kind of paraphrasing here, but wipe is a downstream purchase from a size one diaper purchase, but consumer also probably exposed to other primary campaigns for wipes.

Speaker A: Yes. So that's, I think the beauty of AMC and sort of especially where it's going. You saw that there's an AWS announcement about four weeks ago or so where they're opening up. Basically press a button if you're a publisher and you can spin up your own clean room. That then starts to solve for reaching frequency across the web, assuming publishers go and do that. And so as an incident. So that would be number one. Number two would be if you then have sort of deterministic measurement of who you're reaching across those other vehicles, you can then upload that into AMC and then you can then see sort of order, you know, of exposure as well. As frequency across on a user level. So that's dependent upon having the data to be able to upload into AMC or you can leverage Liveramp and then they have a server to server integration to also sort of accomplish the same thing. So a bunch of different ways to do it. Attribution is a big hairy one. I don't love Amazon's instructional query on it. I think it's too generous on a view basis and the look back windows too long. But again that's why I think AMC is fine because you can customize it and you can figure out what are your decay curves based off of the depth of impression to create customized attribution. If I'm a big brand that I would be spending so much time there because it's so it's, you know, it's an MMM on steroids.

Speaker B: Why, why is default new to brand reporting trailing 12 months? Is it possible to see longer time horizon via AMC?

Speaker A: Not yet. You only see the 12. You only see 12 months. As far as the look back, my guess is if they extend it, you could just build a custom query to then say like when was the exposure, what was the purchase and then what was then the look back because you'd have sort of the user ID to then build out the query. I don't like why they picked it. I think it said like it's a year but to me it's like nudibrand like and I'm sorry, I don't know who's doing it but like why new to brand is a superior ad metric like it is because the challenge though is that Walmart, Amazon and Instacart are all doing it slightly differently. So using the same language but the math is different. If somebody wants it like I can send you a chart that shows how they're doing it differently. But if I'm a brand, I want to look at new to brand growth by retailer to figure out sort of the relative health of the various retailers. Because that then sort of solves for one channel shifting but two overall growth and then lastly what is churn?

Speaker B: Okay. Would the modeling apply to brands which have a long repeat purchase that is two to three years?

Speaker A: Yes, that's where the cross sell really matters. And so like NTB is like semi durables, like NTV is not nearly as useful. Like you know, you're buying a big screen tv. People typically don't buy those every month. You know, same thing with like a mattress or something. But a lot of these companies will also then have adjacency. So you make mattresses, you also make a pillow topper, you also make pillows, you also make a bed. And so you use the mattress as pomi and then you spider it out to the other, you know, you know, subsets of selection. And so that's where I would sort of say like, hey, this is net new. And then it's not just, hey, did I sell a mattress? But it's did I sell them all these other things? And did they like, you know, how much do they like my brand?

Speaker B: How would you speak to fears from brands around Amazon, quote unquote, stealing their data and then sharing that with their internal teams to their advantage so that

Speaker A: the way AMC is built, it's not a policy decision, it's a technical decision. And so they can't, they literally can't do it. They can't see what you're doing. You upload your first party data, especially like an email, it's attached, so they literally cannot see it. So it's not, it's not, it's not policy. Do you trust them? It's technically, could they do it? And the answer is no. So it's a. So there's a. I think you just deep dive, you know, get your IT people to sort of deep dive on the technical aspects of how they're doing it. And that's the trust builder, like, of course, like them, you know, smiling, nodding like, no, like, that's not enough. But the how they built it, you know, should build trust. But I also like it sort of push. It's like, it's like people like, you know, like the private label of, like, people being like, oh, Amazon's using my data. What data people could use could buy a Jungle Scout subscription for 30 bucks a month and get good enough. So, like, I feel like that's in certain ways just an overblown fear. That said, Amazon was pretty dumb about how they share data. But that's another issue you talked about

Speaker B: on one of the prior slides, the leaky bucket. What are some of the actions that you can take as a result or what's driving the leaky bucket?

Speaker A: So this is one of the brands, everyone here, a lot of times your product's not that good, your baby's ugly. And so if your product's not that good, guess what? A 300 by 250 ain't going to pull somebody back in. So focus on the ratings and reviews, figure out why people don't like it, and then use it as an upstream club to get your, you know, your colleagues to sort of listen to the customer and why they don't like it. Now that said, you know, I think looking at sort of time like so like, like an interesting one is acquisition of sort of, you know, BAU versus tentpole and saying like okay, well when I pull in net new customers during tentpole events, are they more churny as opposed to bau? And so like to me like that then sort of dictates is a planning exercise as far as where I want to spend based off the sort of how many customers I acquire and then how many they then spit out.

Speaker B: When you think about customer lifetime value and you've been in AMC for a while looking at this, what was most counterintuitive to you? Or like did your thinking, did any of your thinking sort of fundamentally shift or change as you got into the data?

Speaker A: Every day we fight like dogs internally about all this stuff and it's so much fun around the debate. Like we just had a huge debate about how do we do attribution on sponsored products. Should it be click based or impression based? And so like on the Amazon instructional query, it's impression based to show path to purchase. Well but it's impression, it's not necessarily viewable. And so like on the sponsored products on the PDP that people don't see, should that be getting credit? I don't think so. And so we then sort of had like a challenger mindset to then say no, we shouldn't be giving credit on sponsored products top on an impression level because we know that's 100% viewable on a click basis we'll give it to all of them. So it's like it changes every day. Like that's why this is fun because you get to sort of, you know, you get to everybody gets to seat at the table and then debate and it rewards the deep dive in the domain expertise. So yeah, so my mind changes every single day and I'll be bored out of my mind when it stops.

Speaker B: You talked about, I think this question relates to like the dashboarding comments you made with templatized Amazon and 3P query libraries. What's the value in custom SQL queries on AMC?

Speaker A: Sure. It's like, I mean it's like what I was saying about path to purchase. And so it's like if you assume that if like right now the instructional query within path to purchase is a, you know, looks at, you know, doesn't take into account repeat purchases, gives a view based or an impression based on sponsored products regardless of placement, and counts a DSP on both A an impression level, not a viewable level. Well, I disagree with three of those things. And so to me, it's like you want to be like, the instructional query is a starting point, it's not an endpoint. And it's a way for Amazon to create a tailwind to make it easier for adoption. But if you're just using the same thing that everybody else is using, you don't have a vector advantage. And so you want to dive deeper as well as acknowledging that your brands are different. And, you know, a mattress company is different than a diaper company is different than a soft line company is different than a TV company. And the media strategies are different, the path to purchase is different, how you interact with customers are different, the repeat cycle is different, the downstream impact is different. And, and if you're just going to use something that's off the shelf, like, you know, have fun, but like, if I'm a brand, I'd want an advantage. And that's where diving deep really is the reward.

Speaker B: How reliable is the data, do you feel? Are you experiencing questionable results or issues with data accuracy?

Speaker A: It's not so much accuracy as it is a. If you try to query too granularly, the privacy, you know, hurdles will then sort of spit back a null value. So you basically just get a zero. And so that's the bigger issue. But I think you learn over time, how can I query on what grain, in order to get information out of is a newer product, it crashes sometimes, you get throttled sometimes. So there's certainly issues like some of the more complex queries, you sometimes have to run them overnight. But again, it's like, as you learn it, as Amazon gets better at it, it gets easier and easier. It reminds me a lot of when it first started, you know, 10 years ago, where it's like, it's ugly, it's hard. But that's like when you can get an advantage, you know, early AMs, like we're running on our personal credit cards, you're getting a $25 ROAS on that broad match. Like, you know, you could print money. And so it's like, this is similar within amc. It's just a lot more intricate and a lot more complicated.

Speaker B: I don't. With this next question, I don't. I'm not trying to be critical of Amazon, but I do know a lot of brands that are using amc, see, with the Amazon Ads team, and I would say on average, and I've done benchmarking around this as well, they tend to sort of say, like, Ah, you know, the results like are, you know, I don't know, it's like not, not as big of a deal. So what would you say to brands? Like, why is that the case? I guess I don't know what the prescription is other than like working with a different group. But just can you speak to that? Like, why would that be happening?

Speaker A: It's absolutely true. But like salespeople are not going to become domain experts within AMC overnight. And so Amazon is trying to create a bar raising exercise to make the salespeople have more of a challenger mindset to come to brands to add value, not to sell stuff they're not there yet. And so it's a little bit of, you know, a little bit of being patient with them. But it's being, but I would actually challenge and say it's being impatient with yourselves. And so, you know, if you think that there is information here that is worthy of diving into, it's like, okay, figure out how do you go do it, how do you take advantage of what Amazon's giving you and then, you know, and then extract that value for your advantage.

Speaker B: You talked a little bit about this quickly, but how do you use AMC to compare lifetime value across omnichannel? Like is this just an Amazon? And Patrick and I, before the session for those we were lamenting, we both have little kids that are always getting us sick and we both have coughs and we're always constantly sick. So anyways, Patrick's coughing, I'm coughing. But, but we're here. You can go off camera too. It's a little easier. Or I can wind it down.

Speaker A: So I lost my voice. The panel will eventually help you.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: The Amazon's panel is actually what you need. It's not there yet, but it will be mid year

Speaker B: and that panel has, I think if I recall from other meetings, it's like 300,000 shoppers or something like that and growing and that's how they're going to try to address that topic.

Speaker A: Oh, sorry, preschool. I come back with like the crud every day which is why I'm working from home, so I don't get people sick. But yeah, apologies for that.

Speaker B: No worries. Are you good? Shall we wrap it up?

Speaker A: I'm coming back. Thank you. Sorry.

Speaker B: Okay, just a couple high level questions inside a consumer brands. You know, you're working with who's like the typical owner of amc, if you will or like who's the driving force inside of a consumer brand?

Speaker A: Typically sometimes it's customer team, sometimes it's analytics and insight. Sometimes it's brand new, I think it's tbd, and a lot of times it's the nerd in the corner who knows SQL. So it's a longer term. I think it's gonna shift, especially as it was like Snap yesterday and their earnings called out clean rooms and how important they are. So I think it goes to the brand level long term, but it's not there yet.

Speaker B: Yep. Okay, one more question here, I think. Oh, no, I'm sorry, we already answered that question. So I think that's it. We still have a lot of people on the line, but no more questions have come in. So why don't we go ahead and wrap it up? So, Patrick, again, thank you so much for taking the time to put together the presentation and sharing your knowledge with us. Greatly appreciate you hanging around. Extra time to field the Q and A again, attendees. You know, follow that QR code. Patrick and his team have really been at the forefront of amc, so they really know their stuff. But greatly appreciate you all for dialing in today. Patrick, have a great rest of your week. All the attendees have a great rest of your week. Take care everyone.

Speaker A: Thanks.

