Transcript for: iDerive_Demo_Feb_06__2023.mp4
Title: iDerive Demo Feb 06, 2023
============================================================

Or you know, just looking at a limited set of data sets, which was highly problematic for us to do our job effectively. And because we couldn't find it in the market, we ended up developing it ourselves. And so some of these functions are still being developed, but I'll show you what that means. For example, so here, you know, we're looking at a consolidated spend, revenue traffic, new to brand, you know, high level overview, as well as cost to acquire new to brand customers. So you'll notice that we're already kind of merging all this data into a single location. Right, because in on seller or vendor, you got to download the revenue one spot, then you got to load campaign data on another and you're not really able to look at these things in a comprehensive way. And then, you know, if you're a multi brand platform, we can break it down by brand. I think in your case you're not, but we have categories, subcategories, and then you can look at your individual products. So that gives you visibility at the daily level, you know, and refreshes on a daily basis. We're actually working on hourly refresh rate to get a perspective on what's going on with your business. Right. With mutabrand versus returning customers, media driven revenue versus organic. And then what we do as well is break down by the performance level of the products. You can really see your products and how they're shaping period over period or year over year. You can specify the period. So these are a highly descriptive dashboard so far. But we, what we also do is take your media roas and begin to adjust it for your return, purchase behavior and the contribution margin of your products. And that allows you to make sure that kind of the ad dollars you're putting in are hitting a certain profitability angle as well. Okay. So contribution margin will knock down your media roas. Repeat purchase rate will knock it back up a little bit. And that gives you kind of a different perspective. So when you've got multiple different products in your portfolio, you're able to make better investment decisions based on, hey, am I making money here or am I losing money? That makes sense, right? Yeah, it does, yeah. And these, all these are fully customizable. So you know, we didn't try to go and build a perfect dashboard, but instead show what's possible, you know, and so here you got more product level breakdown where you're taking that roas and adjusted roas and comparing it between products. Right? Okay. So that's where that roas is more useful. You're like, oh man, like here I've got a 1.42 ROAS, you know, here I've got a 0.8, even though Fox I would have a 1. So things like that. And you can look at performance by day and that's still highly aggregated. So you'll notice you have your brand within here, you have your revenue coming as well as well as your ad spend. So we can toggle now to more campaign level data. And this is looking to aggregate all your campaigns in one place. So how am I spending? Where am I spending? Sponsored products, Sponsored brand, Sponsored brand video, sponsored display. Right. And I'm able to look at my cost per unit brand across all of these campaigns. And the way that we do that is because we pull data from Amazon Marketing Cloud. I'm not sure if you've heard Amazon Market. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So instead of just creating a dashboard for Amazon Marketing Cloud, which we have also, we're pulling in the data and merging it in the way that you need to see it. I'm so sorry. So okay, here, are you pulling all this data only from Amazon Marketing Cloud or are you also doing it from other APIs that Amazon has? We're pulling it from Amazon Ads, merging and augmenting the data points. Like Amazon Ads does not have new brand orders for sponsored products. But you see that we're putting that number that comes from our Amazon Marketing Cloud dashboard. So yeah, these are all Amazon Ads reports, the sponsored product reports, your search term reports, and all that kind of stuff. Okay. And then we're able to show you by day how much you're spending and you can break down by campaign. So you can look at, hey, I just want to look at my sponsored product campaigns. Right. So now I'm only looking at sponsored product campaign. And then you can look at specific campaigns as well. So here are all the campaigns within my spot product campaigns. I can look at each one individually. And the idea is you want to see how they're performing from a trended standpoint. You can take easy screenshots, you can look at it by day, by week, you can control how many records you're looking at. And then what you have here is a campaign level breakdown where you can look at your top 10 campaigns, your top 20 campaigns, you can sort them by spend or any of those metrics. But again, we're augmenting those because you've got your adjusted proas, you've got your new to brand. So you simply don't have that kind of reporting on the campaign management platform. And in this way it avoids you having to download stuff. All this is either in the UI but it's also in the database you can connect to directly. Got it. Using Excel or Google Sheet. You can use Google Sheet Excel to connect directly to the data table and play with the data set the way that you want to. If you have more of an analytics mindset and you don't want to be limited by these views. Right. Okay, if I stop you here if and I'll clarify a few things. Is that okay? Yeah, of course. Okay, so here you mean the new to brands order data. You are also getting this for sponsored product campaigns. Yeah, these are all sponsored product. Okay. We can build a brand from Amazon marketing cloud for sponsored products. Typically campaign manager and Amazon doesn't release that. It's just sponsored brands and sponsored display. Yeah, yeah. And you mentioned that you are pulling the data from both AMC and also adapi. So what is the necessity to combine both of them? Can we not get these campaign data already from amc? So what is the necessity of combining? The problem is that AMC is not going to have all these metrics. It does not have click through ACP like it does not have the same granularity of reporting. AMC has been designed for other purposes. Journey mapping, segmenting between new brand and returning customers. You know, the media driven LTV and aov. So you have to kind of start blending both of them. Let me show you. I mean here's the AMC dashboard here. So this is just amc. So yes, I still have my campaign types and I can filter on campaign name, no problem. But you'll notice it's got new brand users, new brand revenue purchases. You don't see a lot of the metrics that you see in a granular ad report. So that's why kind of by blending it together, let me change to a weekly view. So it's a little less jumpy. But what you're seeing here is, hey, how many of my conversions are new to brand versus returning? And I can go again and just look at for example example sponsored product campaigns where I could look at DSP campaigns or sponsored video. So here, for example, 67% of my campaigns are driving new brand conversions and the rest are returning customers. But what's important, and we can look at the AOV of those campaigns between you and returning customers. So you see the returning customer is a higher aov. Yeah. What that means is you can identify how much of your spend is going towards returning versus new in terms of your investment at the campaign level. Right. So this, this is the sponsored product campaign and the new to brand rate how much was spent, you know what the AOV looks like, what the LTV is. And there's a lot more segmentations that we can do here, but that's the value. This is the problem with most platforms out there. They might have a AMC dashboard, but it doesn't blend into everything else. Got it. Okay, so let's continue with what you were presenting. We can also look at things at the key keyword level. So do you also mean that you will be able to see the new to brand customer at the keyword level? So we can. Especially when campaigns are single search term. Campaign. Okay. When you have multiple search terms in a campaign, AMC does not break it down. Got it. There's ways to get there. Now, most campaigns tend to be single search term, especially if they're high spending. That's typically the way that is supposed to be managed. But then we can apply an algorithmic logic to understand how much of the spend went to which. Because if you notice, by the way, in Amazon ads, you can't always tell if you've got a campaign with multiple search term and multiple products. You won't be able to see how much exactly spend went on which product in which search term. So if you have one product and multiple search term, you can see it, I believe, right? Harriet, can you say that again please? I didn't get that idea. Now go ahead, Harriet, you can say it. No, I didn't understand. Oh, Harriet. Yeah, sure. If you have one product and multiple search terms. Are you talking about the, the match types you mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So like the fact that you don't know exactly which search term and which product was it was associated with when you have multiple products and multiple search terms. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. So when you, when you have multiple products grouped into one campaign, you can pull the search term report to see how much you're spending on a specific search term. And you can also pull the like advertised product report to see how much spend you're putting towards a specific product. But there's no way right now on Amazon's reporting to match in one campaign how much you're spending on a search term per each product. It's just how much you're spending in a campaign. So that's why we typically will segment our campaigns into one product at a time, right? Yeah. Okay. So you're saying even if we do the kind of commingling, we can add all the products in one ad group and then still with the help of amc, we will be able to track which search term is working for which product. Yeah. What I was saying is we've developed an algorithmic logic to identify how it gets allocated. And it's. You cannot do about 85 of the allocation. Okay. It's better not to do that. It's better. Right. Of course, Have a single single product, you know, to degrees, especially if they're. You're not harvesting single search term because that just has more accuracy and more. More control. Right. On how you want to optimize. Right. I was just gonna say. And I mean, the other benefit of having one product in a campaign is also just that you get complete control over how much budget you're putting towards each specific SKU or each specific product versus having kind of Amazon's algorithm optimize that for you if you have them grouped. Right. Yeah. And here we can sort by, you know, match, type, brand, non brand search terms as well. Oh, Poppy wants the link. Let me just give it to her real quick. The link should be. Yeah, nice. Makes it easy. All right. All right, let's keep going. So what you'll notice here, what we have is a full breakdown by search term. So how much are you spending on each search term, you know, and what that performance looks like as well. Got it. Okay. You know, we have a full P. L. So you can look at the contribution margin. So here is by brand, by product. And the goal and why we're doing this is really to take that contribution margin and be able to adjust the roas so, you know, product level, how much revenue generated, the fees, the media spending goes against it. And we can see what kind of contribution margin you have and what you notice. It's all over the place. Right. I have a product here, 7%. I have a product here at 30% contribution margin here I have a product of 25, by the way. Harry, I've been meaning to mention to you, Life flow. Life flow as a 25% negative contribution margin. It did go out of stock at some point, but we also. I think it's got some decent spend against that. Okay, let me check that, because I did decrease spend there, but yeah, and I'm looking at last quarter, by the way, so. Oh, no, that's last month. That was last month, yeah. Data refreshes daily, by the way. And then what we have here is a cohort. So we're able to look at your revenue. Is it coming from you versus repeat? Let me switch to weekly so you can get a better sense of how that looks like. And again, what we do with this we're able to look at that ltv. So how many new brands came in and how does the LTV look like? You know, over 30, 60, 90 days. And we bring that into your media ROAS. Essentially looking at your retention rate, repeat purchase rate. Can you, can you explain a little bit, like I see how your, how you are calculating the, I mean from the retention rate, how, how the repeat purchase behavior and the corresponding revenue looks like. But then also you're mentioning that with these, you actually calculate something called an adjusted roas. How does that process look like? Yeah, so we take your media roas, we multiply that by the contribution. Because if you think about media ROAS is attributed revenue divided by ad spend and it's assuming that the revenue is not, it has not been adjusted for your profitability on that revenue. So we're saying, wait a second, when you're comparing different products, they don't all have the same profitability. Right. Some have higher cogs than others. So we multiply your, your media roas by a contribution margin percentage. So now you're looking at not media roas, but media, media contribution margin. Right. And then if you multiply that by your repeat purchase rate, let's say on average a customer buys six times this product in a 12 month period. You know, we can say if you want to look at your, your RAAs over a 12 month period, we'll multiply by how many times they're purchasing the product. Right. So usually it's like 1.6, 1.8. It really depends on the product categories. And what that means now is we're taking into account the future value as well of that customer acquisition. Future value of customer acquisition. How is that? Yeah, because now we know on average a customer, a new customer will buy the product four or five times. Got it. Okay. Yeah, makes sense. Of course, as I walk you through that, you know, we have to take it further because if for example, 80% of your spending is going on unibrand, as you saw In AMC dashboard, 20%, those are returning, then we could apply that kind of ratio because you're still reinvesting and returning customers to a certain degree. But the reality is that you're not just spending all your money on you. So there's a number of ways that we can take those dynamics into account as well. Right. One question that I will have here is, okay, so we are spending to acquire a new customer first. Let's say we have shown three types of advertisement to first get some impression, maybe they have seen our ads once in a while. And then we ultimately next month they bought it for the first time. That's how we acquired the new customer. Now we are, I mean next time maybe they're not going to see our ads. Instead they're going to purchase it inorganically. Maybe they are already familiar, they go to the link and buy it. So will that be attributed to amc? Yeah. So within Amazon Marketing cloud, first of all there's a 30 day attribution window on a click. So unlike the ad reports, you have a 7 or 14. You have a better vantage window of hey, they clicked, they didn't buy. But eventually they came back through organic and purchased. We would have that visibility. And actually here's what that looks like. So here are a bunch of campaigns. Let me transition to a one touch campaign. This is all the touches that are leading towards how many path occurrence and how many conversions. But if I simplify the view and just look at a one touch. So here's a DSP campaign and here is going to be a sponsored keyword campaign. Okay. And it's showing you the amount of time somebody was exposed to the ad and then ended up purchasing. Right. So you know, it's, that speaks to that dynamic. But what's possible in AMC to have a subscription piece which is not expensive, it's like 100, 200 bucks a month depending on your volume of data. It also gives you visibility into your organic conversions. So the value there is, let's say that as you just the example you provided, first purchase came from paid media. You come back three months later and purchase. If you're subscribed to that organic data set, they'll show up now as an organic purchase. So you'll have that visibility of the subsequent purchases. So there's for us two ways for us to do that analytics of ltv. One is using AMC data, the other is using fulfilled by Amazon data because there's a unique. Okay, that's interesting. Yeah, yeah. And then the next, the next piece that our algorithms do are looking at the time to conversion. So here's for example a DSP campaign and Amazon's always telling you, hey, spend more money here, spend more money because you have ROAS, sometimes even 20 rows if you're not spending a lot or if you look at the conversions, the campaign has got the most attributed conversions, which is why it's got, you know, the best roas. But also you notice that all the conversions are happening days and weeks after. 70 are happening days after, days and weeks after. Compare that to a sponsored product campaign where You've got about a thousand conversion here. 10, 19, 70% are happening within the first 10 minutes. Right. So people are converting right away on these type of campaigns. So you know this kind of flies in the face of what Amazon tells you, right? Like. Oh, just 70, 30. 30. Really? No, it depends on your budget. If you've maxed out sponsored search, then maybe. And you've got budget left and you want to work up the funnel, but it's going to have a very different efficiency and very different behavior for you. Right. And by the way, I can go back here on AMC and show you this because we do marketing, we do remarketing on both clients that have purchased in laps, but also in clients that have or prospects that have visited our page and not purchase. When I look at our new to brand for DSP campaigns, 6%. So clearly our DSP campaigns are not really designed or delivering a high degree of new to brand customers. One or the other or both. So that gives you really kind of that comfort level. Because I made that mistake for many years where I was like listening to these people because they're like, hey, it's Amazon telling you what to do. You'd be an idiot not to listen to what they're telling you. Turns out it's the opposite. You'd be an idiot if you actually listen to what they're telling you to do. Because all they want to do is charge more money. Exactly. Yeah. And make more money on ad side of things. Yeah. So then we, you know, we have other different views and stuff, but that kind of gives you a good overview of the various media reports. Yeah, I think, I think one thing I just want to mention that we didn't go over was which is a pretty big piece with the campaign like management sections are. We do track Organic Rank on a keyword and product level. So you can kind of see how your media spend is influencing your Organic rank on the page as well as like your share of voice. So we're tracking Impression Share and we have various like Amazon Reports for that as well. Oh, should I pull that one up, Harriet? You want me to pull it up? Yeah. Is it, which folder is it in? Is it under development folder still? I think it would be. Or is it Amazon Reports Insights? Yeah, Product Insights should have it. It's not, it's not Amazon Reports. Amazon Reports has Impression Share. Yeah, it's not that one. Let me go back. I think they kept it. It's still in the development folder. I haven't been looking. It's really just. It's really just a graph where you place in product inside V1 or product inside V2. V2. V2. Okay, yeah, I got. It's in draft mode, so I don't know if they're making edits right now on it. I might have the wrong version because it looks like it's still spinning. It's. I mean, I can just explain it. It's. It's not super complicated. It's just. It's just putting in whatever ASIN you want to look at and then whatever search term. And you can kind of see what your impression share is for the date range. So you can see total impressions available, which we've just calculated because Amazon doesn't typically give you that in ad reports. But you can calculate your impression share versus the impressions that you've received to estimate total impressions per day for every search term. And then you can kind of look at how is that impacting your total conversion share on Amazon if in brand analytics you're a top three product and like your total click share and things like that. Right. So are you talking about the search term impression share report? And then based on the percentage we are winning your calculation, including the total number of impressions available on that day? Is that what you're talking about? Okay, now how about that? I mean, how about recently released search query performance that does give the total impression share, of course, on a weekly basis, not daily. Right. Do we have that API connection yet? Yuval? I know they had just released downloadable reports for seller for the search query report, like the analytics where it's showing the problem with the search query report is that it's highly inaccurate still, last I checked, the data there makes no sense. And when we're talking with one of our clients, he had brought it up to Amazon and essentially it's got massive bugs in it because if you notice the numbers, I don't know if you work with it, but it doesn't match anything that you will see in terms of your performance, your sales. And so there's a lot of bugs to clean up. So we're excited about this report. We'll be pulling it in. We don't need it to have API. We can do robotics and download it. And the plan is to do that. But we're waiting for the data to actually make sense, to make sure we can validate what's going on there. Got it. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Now here's your Product Insights one. That's a view. That's. That was a version one though Impression chair. Yeah. Is there anything that you want us to cover Abby or Soham that we didn't touch on Abby, if you want to add something. Yeah, no, sorry guys for joining late. I, you know, really just wanted this to be more ads focused. So. Hum. Just for you specifically, I did connect with with Zela on a potential Costco reporting piece too. So her and I are talking about that as well. But if you covered everything that would be of interest to you. Soham, that I'm, I'm totally good. Yeah. Right. And if you come up with any questions, you know, after this on things you, you know, that pop in in your mind that, geez, I wish I would have asked this. Feel free to email me at any time and we can always jump back in and you can play around with the demo or something as well. So that's not an issue. Got it. Okay. No, I mean we are mainly talking about advertisement perspective of it. Yeah, it was good. How about did I see what's on the Customer Journey tab? That sounds. Yeah. So this is at the user level. One minute please. Thank you. You can see where your new brands are coming from by products as well as, you know, the repeat purchase rate and the LTV and then what you're able to have visibility into as well as product level. So seeing exactly kind of where your revenues are coming from and the cohort size is the amount of new to brands within this time period that are coming. Okay. Right now I'm only looking at like last month, so you'll notice that I don't have a 60 day or 365 day in that table. It should be blank. It's just repeating the same number. But if I go for example, and look at last year, what will happen is now you're really able to get that visibility. Right. So for this product, LTV started at $12 and within 365 days it worked its way to 15. Right. In terms of calculating LTV for the subscribe and Save customers, is AMC attributing all the sales that comes from it, all the repeat purchases or just is it limited? It's including both. And we can filter between subscribe and Save and non subscribe and Save as you can see here. Right. Yeah. This is looking at your entire population. But I could say, hey, I just want to see what the behavior of subscribe and Save customers looks like. And so now you'll notice, first of all, the repeat purchase rate is very different, much higher. The LTV is much higher too. But that's because I'm looking at a sub segment, the People that are subscribed to sns. Right. Okay. Makes sense. Yeah, makes sense. Okay, so, but sns, is it also like, is it calculating all the repeat purchases that are coming over over the 12 months or over the period? Okay, awesome. That's good. All right. Yeah, that's pretty much it. I mean, I, I do have a question. Did you guys cover the contribution margin piece by chance? Yeah, we did. We did. Okay. Taking into consideration the marketing spend by product and the all of that good stuff. Okay, cool. Yep. Cool. Awesome. Is there anything else that we need to cover or is that it? I'm good on mine. Yeah. Great. What are your thoughts? I'm just curious, from a feedback standpoint, seeing this for the first time. Well, this is impressive, but also I need to think what kind of decision that I can make from these insights. How I can literally, I mean, practically what I can do from this kind of data. Right. This is of course something that we need to think about. Yeah, but it's good. So, Soham, that's exactly the problem. I think you're 100% right, which is it ends up, it's adding complexity to your work because now you've got all these other things that you can see and consider, which in the past you didn't. And so the way that we track that, we tackle that is we're building algorithmic logic to prioritize those opportunities to create either filters or watch outs. For example, you're going out of stock here. You're going to be out of stock in 14 days and you're at this rate, you're going to run out of inventory. So you might as well pause the campaign. So those type of recommendations are going to come through to you with suggestions so that essentially you don't have to do all that work of connecting all dots that's happening for you now. We're still the development mode of that phase. We started with the descriptive and diagnostic, but these are things that we're going to be deploying on a monthly basis, those type of capabilities. Right. And essentially a customizable dashboard. Right. So you log in and you can see your actionable, essentially your actionable insights right off the bat that you can take quick actions upon, you know, to increase or optimize your account. Right. So no, because I agree, it's like you, you have all this data in front of you. What are you going to do with it? And, and who has the time to actually sit and digest it? Yeah, this, this is just a starting point for us. And then we partner with our brands to develop those capabilities based on what they prioritize. Okay. That's what we work with. Yeah, got it. Now this is very helpful. Insights are great. I think AMC is definitely going to be the future. Let's see. Well, thank you for, you know, Amazon's trying to make it the future. It's part of the puzzle. I think the future is kind of what we showed you where you're combining everything. Yeah. To get a holistic view. Right, got it. Including your inventory, your forecast of revenue, of product by week, by day. And that now allows you to make much more kind of forward looking decisions to see where your business is going in the next six months and make adjustments to optimize that. There aren't that many platforms today that are doing that. You know, they're always either looking backwards or including certain data points but not the others. And that as a result causes for, you know, incomplete recommendations or kind of slightly off recommendations. Okay, thanks for. I'm stay warm in Toronto. Man, I know it's cold over there. I used to live in Canada. I used to live in Montreal and I got family in Toronto as well. Okay. On the western side of the city when you keep driving on the highway. So I'm just like. I went there last November, it was cold. Oh yeah. I mean two days ago there was a snowstorm and it was. Feels like temperature was about minus 40. No, I know, it's horrible. At least you have no motivation. You can stay in and not feel guilty about staying in the house. No, it's good to meet you. Yeah, nice to meet you. We'll talk soon. Yeah, talk soon. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Or you know, just looking at a limited set of data sets, which was highly problematic for us to do our job effectively. And because we couldn't find it in the market, we ended up developing it ourselves. And so some of these functions are still being developed, but I'll show you what that means. For example, so here, you know, we're looking at a consolidated spend, revenue traffic, new to brand, you know, high level overview, as well as cost to acquire new to brand customers. So you'll notice that we're already kind of merging all this data into a single location. Right, because in on seller or vendor, you got to download the revenue one spot, then you got to load campaign data on another and you're not really able to look at these things in a comprehensive way. And then, you know, if you're a multi brand platform, we can break it down by brand. I think in your case you're not, but we have categories, subcategories, and then you can look at your individual products. So that gives you visibility at the daily level, you know, and refreshes on a daily basis. We're actually working on hourly refresh rate to get a perspective on what's going on with your business. Right. With mutabrand versus returning customers, media driven revenue versus organic. And then what we do as well is break down by the performance level of the products. You can really see your products and how they're shaping period over period or year over year. You can specify the period. So these are a highly descriptive dashboard so far. But we, what we also do is take your media roas and begin to adjust it for your return, purchase behavior and the contribution margin of your products. And that allows you to make sure that kind of the ad dollars you're putting in are hitting a certain profitability angle as well. Okay. So contribution margin will knock down your media roas. Repeat purchase rate will knock it back up a little bit. And that gives you kind of a different perspective. So when you've got multiple different products in your portfolio, you're able to make better investment decisions based on, hey, am I making money here or am I losing money? That makes sense, right?

Speaker B: Yeah, it does,

Speaker A: yeah. And these, all these are fully customizable. So you know, we didn't try to go and build a perfect dashboard, but instead show what's possible, you know, and so here you got more product level breakdown where you're taking that roas and adjusted roas and comparing it between products.

Speaker B: Right?

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: So that's where that roas is more useful. You're like, oh man, like here I've got a 1.42 ROAS, you know, here I've got a 0.8, even though Fox I would have a 1. So things like that. And you can look at performance by day and that's still highly aggregated. So you'll notice you have your brand within here, you have your revenue coming as well as well as your ad spend. So we can toggle now to more campaign level data. And this is looking to aggregate all your campaigns in one place. So how am I spending? Where am I spending? Sponsored products, Sponsored brand, Sponsored brand video, sponsored display. Right. And I'm able to look at my cost per unit brand across all of these campaigns. And the way that we do that is because we pull data from Amazon Marketing Cloud. I'm not sure if you've heard Amazon Market. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So instead of just creating a dashboard for Amazon Marketing Cloud, which we have also, we're pulling in the data and merging it in the way that you need to see it.

Speaker B: I'm so sorry. So okay, here, are you pulling all this data only from Amazon Marketing Cloud or are you also doing it from other APIs that Amazon has?

Speaker A: We're pulling it from Amazon Ads, merging and augmenting the data points. Like Amazon Ads does not have new brand orders for sponsored products. But you see that we're putting that number that comes from our Amazon Marketing Cloud dashboard. So yeah, these are all Amazon Ads reports, the sponsored product reports, your search term reports, and all that kind of stuff.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And then we're able to show you by day how much you're spending and you can break down by campaign. So you can look at, hey, I just want to look at my sponsored product campaigns.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: So now I'm only looking at sponsored product campaign. And then you can look at specific campaigns as well. So here are all the campaigns within my spot product campaigns. I can look at each one individually. And the idea is you want to see how they're performing from a trended standpoint. You can take easy screenshots, you can look at it by day, by week, you can control how many records you're looking at. And then what you have here is a campaign level breakdown where you can look at your top 10 campaigns, your top 20 campaigns, you can sort them by spend or any of those metrics. But again, we're augmenting those because you've got your adjusted proas, you've got your new to brand. So you simply don't have that kind of reporting on the campaign management platform. And in this way it avoids you having to download stuff. All this is either in the UI but it's also in the database you can connect to directly.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: Using Excel or Google Sheet. You can use Google Sheet Excel to connect directly to the data table and play with the data set the way that you want to. If you have more of an analytics mindset and you don't want to be limited by these views. Right.

Speaker B: Okay, if I stop you here if and I'll clarify a few things. Is that okay?

Speaker A: Yeah, of course.

Speaker B: Okay, so here you mean the new to brands order data. You are also getting this for sponsored product campaigns.

Speaker A: Yeah, these are all sponsored product.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: We can build a brand from Amazon marketing cloud for sponsored products. Typically campaign manager and Amazon doesn't release that. It's just sponsored brands and sponsored display.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: And you mentioned that you are pulling the data from both AMC and also adapi. So what is the necessity to combine both of them? Can we not get these campaign data already from amc? So what is the necessity of combining?

Speaker A: The problem is that AMC is not going to have all these metrics. It does not have click through ACP like it does not have the same granularity of reporting. AMC has been designed for other purposes. Journey mapping, segmenting between new brand and returning customers. You know, the media driven LTV and aov. So you have to kind of start blending both of them. Let me show you. I mean here's the AMC dashboard here. So this is just amc. So yes, I still have my campaign types and I can filter on campaign name, no problem. But you'll notice it's got new brand users, new brand revenue purchases. You don't see a lot of the metrics that you see in a granular ad report. So that's why kind of by blending it together, let me change to a weekly view. So it's a little less jumpy. But what you're seeing here is, hey, how many of my conversions are new to brand versus returning? And I can go again and just look at for example example sponsored product campaigns where I could look at DSP campaigns or sponsored video. So here, for example, 67% of my campaigns are driving new brand conversions and the rest are returning customers. But what's important, and we can look at the AOV of those campaigns between you and returning customers. So you see the returning customer is a higher aov.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: What that means is you can identify how much of your spend is going towards returning versus new in terms of your investment at the campaign level.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: So this, this is the sponsored product campaign and the new to brand rate how much was spent, you know what the AOV looks like, what the LTV is. And there's a lot more segmentations that we can do here, but that's the value. This is the problem with most platforms out there. They might have a AMC dashboard, but it doesn't blend into everything else.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay, so let's continue with what you were presenting.

Speaker A: We can also look at things at the key keyword level.

Speaker B: So do you also mean that you will be able to see the new to brand customer at the keyword level?

Speaker A: So we can. Especially when campaigns are single search term. Campaign.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: When you have multiple search terms in a campaign, AMC does not break it down.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: There's ways to get there. Now, most campaigns tend to be single search term, especially if they're high spending. That's typically the way that is supposed to be managed. But then we can apply an algorithmic logic to understand how much of the spend went to which. Because if you notice, by the way, in Amazon ads, you can't always tell if you've got a campaign with multiple search term and multiple products. You won't be able to see

Speaker C: how

Speaker A: much exactly spend went on which product in which search term. So if you have one product and multiple search term, you can see it, I believe, right?

Speaker B: Harriet, can you say that again please? I didn't get that idea.

Speaker A: Now go ahead, Harriet, you can say it.

Speaker B: No, I didn't understand. Oh, Harriet. Yeah, sure.

Speaker C: If you have one product and multiple search terms. Are you talking about the, the match types you mean?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So like the fact that you don't know exactly which search term and which product was it was associated with when you have multiple products and multiple search terms.

Speaker C: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. So when you, when you have multiple products grouped into one campaign, you can pull the search term report to see how much you're spending on a specific search term. And you can also pull the like advertised product report to see how much spend you're putting towards a specific product. But there's no way right now on Amazon's reporting to match in one campaign how much you're spending on a search term per each product. It's just how much you're spending in a campaign. So that's why we typically will segment our campaigns into one product at a time, right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. So you're saying even if we do the kind of commingling, we can add all the products in one ad group and then still with the help of amc, we will be able to track which search term is working for which product.

Speaker A: Yeah. What I was saying is we've developed an algorithmic logic to identify how it gets allocated. And it's. You cannot do about 85 of the allocation. Okay. It's better not to do that. It's better.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Of course, Have a single single product, you know, to degrees, especially if they're. You're not harvesting single search term because that just has more accuracy and more. More control. Right. On how you want to optimize. Right.

Speaker C: I was just gonna say. And I mean, the other benefit of having one product in a campaign is also just that you get complete control over how much budget you're putting towards each specific SKU or each specific product versus having kind of Amazon's algorithm optimize that for you if you have them grouped.

Speaker A: Right. Yeah. And here we can sort by, you know, match, type, brand, non brand search terms as well. Oh, Poppy wants the link. Let me just give it to her real quick. The link should be. Yeah, nice. Makes it easy. All right. All right, let's keep going. So what you'll notice here, what we have is a full breakdown by search term. So how much are you spending on each search term, you know, and what that performance looks like as well. Got it. Okay. You know, we have a full P. L. So you can look at the contribution margin. So here is by brand, by product. And the goal and why we're doing this is really to take that contribution margin and be able to adjust the roas so, you know, product level, how much revenue generated, the fees, the media spending goes against it. And we can see what kind of contribution margin you have and what you notice. It's all over the place. Right. I have a product here, 7%. I have a product here at 30% contribution margin here I have a product of 25, by the way. Harry, I've been meaning to mention to you, Life flow. Life flow as a 25% negative contribution margin. It did go out of stock at some point, but we also. I think it's got some decent spend against that.

Speaker C: Okay, let me check that, because I did decrease spend there, but yeah, and

Speaker A: I'm looking at last quarter, by the way, so. Oh, no, that's last month. That was last month, yeah. Data refreshes daily, by the way. And then what we have here is a cohort. So we're able to look at your revenue. Is it coming from you versus repeat? Let me switch to weekly so you can get a better sense of how that looks like. And again, what we do with this we're able to look at that ltv. So how many new brands came in and how does the LTV look like? You know, over 30, 60, 90 days. And we bring that into your media ROAS. Essentially looking at your retention rate, repeat purchase rate.

Speaker B: Can you, can you explain a little bit, like I see how your, how you are calculating the, I mean from the retention rate, how, how the repeat purchase behavior and the corresponding revenue looks like. But then also you're mentioning that

Speaker A: with

Speaker B: these, you actually calculate something called an adjusted roas. How does that process look like?

Speaker A: Yeah, so we take your media roas, we multiply that by the contribution. Because if you think about media ROAS is attributed revenue divided by ad spend and it's assuming that the revenue is not, it has not been adjusted for your profitability on that revenue. So we're saying, wait a second, when you're comparing different products, they don't all have the same profitability. Right. Some have higher cogs than others. So we multiply your, your media roas by a contribution margin percentage. So now you're looking at not media roas, but media, media contribution margin. Right. And then if you multiply that by your repeat purchase rate, let's say on average a customer buys six times this product in a 12 month period. You know, we can say if you want to look at your, your RAAs over a 12 month period, we'll multiply by how many times they're purchasing the product. Right. So usually it's like 1.6, 1.8. It really depends on the product categories. And what that means now is we're taking into account the future value as well of that customer acquisition.

Speaker B: Future value of customer acquisition. How is that?

Speaker A: Yeah, because now we know on average a customer, a new customer will buy the product four or five times.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. Yeah, makes sense. Of course, as I walk you through

Speaker A: that, you know, we have to take it further because if for example, 80% of your spending is going on unibrand, as you saw In AMC dashboard, 20%, those are returning, then we could apply that kind of ratio because you're still reinvesting and returning customers to a certain degree. But the reality is that you're not just spending all your money on you. So there's a number of ways that we can take those dynamics into account as well.

Speaker B: Right. One question that I will have here is, okay, so we are spending to acquire a new customer first. Let's say we have shown three types of advertisement to first get some impression, maybe they have seen our ads once in a while. And then we ultimately next month they bought it for the first time. That's how we acquired the new customer. Now we are, I mean next time maybe they're not going to see our ads. Instead they're going to purchase it inorganically. Maybe they are already familiar, they go to the link and buy it. So will that be attributed to amc?

Speaker A: Yeah. So within Amazon Marketing cloud, first of all there's a 30 day attribution window on a click. So unlike the ad reports, you have a 7 or 14. You have a better vantage window of hey, they clicked, they didn't buy. But eventually they came back through organic and purchased. We would have that visibility. And actually here's what that looks like. So here are a bunch of campaigns. Let me transition to a one touch campaign. This is all the touches that are leading towards how many path occurrence and how many conversions. But if I simplify the view and just look at a one touch. So here's a DSP campaign and here is going to be a sponsored keyword campaign.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And it's showing you the amount of time somebody was exposed to the ad and then ended up purchasing. Right. So you know, it's, that speaks to that dynamic. But what's possible in AMC to have a subscription piece which is not expensive, it's like 100, 200 bucks a month depending on your volume of data. It also gives you visibility into your organic conversions. So the value there is, let's say that as you just the example you provided, first purchase came from paid media. You come back three months later and purchase. If you're subscribed to that organic data set, they'll show up now as an organic purchase. So you'll have that visibility of the subsequent purchases. So there's for us two ways for us to do that analytics of ltv. One is using AMC data, the other is using fulfilled by Amazon data because there's a unique.

Speaker B: Okay, that's interesting.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. And then the next, the next piece that our algorithms do are looking at the time to conversion. So here's for example a DSP campaign and Amazon's always telling you, hey, spend more money here, spend more money because you have ROAS, sometimes even 20 rows if you're not spending a lot or if you look at the conversions, the campaign has got the most attributed conversions, which is why it's got, you know, the best roas. But also you notice that all the conversions are happening days and weeks after. 70 are happening days after, days and weeks after. Compare that to a sponsored product campaign where You've got about a thousand conversion here. 10, 19, 70% are happening within the first 10 minutes. Right. So people are converting right away on these type of campaigns. So you know this kind of flies in the face of what Amazon tells you, right? Like. Oh, just 70, 30. 30. Really? No, it depends on your budget. If you've maxed out sponsored search, then maybe. And you've got budget left and you want to work up the funnel, but it's going to have a very different efficiency and very different behavior for you. Right. And by the way, I can go back here on AMC and show you this because we do marketing, we do remarketing on both clients that have purchased in laps, but also in clients that have or prospects that have visited our page and not purchase. When I look at our new to brand for DSP campaigns, 6%. So clearly our DSP campaigns are not really designed or delivering a high degree of new to brand customers. One or the other or both. So that gives you really kind of that comfort level. Because I made that mistake for many years where I was like listening to these people because they're like, hey, it's Amazon telling you what to do. You'd be an idiot not to listen to what they're telling you. Turns out it's the opposite. You'd be an idiot if you actually listen to what they're telling you to do. Because all they want to do is charge more money. Exactly. Yeah. And make more money on ad side of things. Yeah. So then we, you know, we have other different views and stuff, but that kind of gives you a good overview of the various media reports.

Speaker C: Yeah, I think, I think one thing I just want to mention that we didn't go over was which is a pretty big piece with the campaign like management sections are. We do track Organic Rank on a keyword and product level. So you can kind of see how your media spend is influencing your Organic rank on the page as well as like your share of voice. So we're tracking Impression Share and we have various like Amazon Reports for that as well.

Speaker A: Oh, should I pull that one up, Harriet? You want me to pull it up?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Is it, which folder is it in? Is it under development folder still?

Speaker C: I think it would be.

Speaker A: Or is it Amazon Reports Insights?

Speaker C: Yeah, Product Insights should have it.

Speaker A: It's not, it's not Amazon Reports.

Speaker C: Amazon Reports has Impression Share.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's not that one. Let me go back. I think they kept it. It's still in the development folder. I haven't been looking.

Speaker C: It's really just. It's really just a graph where you

Speaker A: place in product inside V1 or product inside V2.

Speaker C: V2.

Speaker A: V2. Okay, yeah, I got. It's in draft mode, so I don't know if they're making edits right now on it. I might have the wrong version because it looks like it's still spinning.

Speaker C: It's. I mean, I can just explain it. It's. It's not super complicated. It's just. It's just putting in whatever ASIN you want to look at and then whatever search term. And you can kind of see what your impression share is for the date range. So you can see total impressions available, which we've just calculated because Amazon doesn't typically give you that in ad reports. But you can calculate your impression share versus the impressions that you've received to estimate total impressions per day for every search term. And then you can kind of look at how is that impacting your total conversion share on Amazon if in brand analytics you're a top three product and like your total click share and things like that.

Speaker B: Right. So are you talking about the search term impression share report? And then based on the percentage we are winning your calculation, including the total number of impressions available on that day? Is that what you're talking about? Okay, now how about that? I mean, how about recently released search query performance that does give the total impression share, of course, on a weekly basis, not daily. Right.

Speaker C: Do we have that API connection yet? Yuval? I know they had just released downloadable reports for seller for the search query report, like the analytics where it's showing

Speaker A: the problem with the search query report is that it's highly inaccurate still, last I checked, the data there makes no sense. And when we're talking with one of our clients, he had brought it up to Amazon and essentially it's got massive bugs in it because if you notice the numbers, I don't know if you work with it, but it doesn't match anything that you will see in terms of your performance, your sales. And so there's a lot of bugs to clean up. So we're excited about this report. We'll be pulling it in. We don't need it to have API. We can do robotics and download it. And the plan is to do that. But we're waiting for the data to actually make sense, to make sure we can validate what's going on there.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Now here's your Product Insights one. That's a view. That's. That was a version one though Impression chair. Yeah. Is there anything that you want us to cover Abby or Soham that we didn't touch on

Speaker B: Abby, if you want to add something.

Speaker D: Yeah, no, sorry guys for joining late. I, you know, really just wanted this to be more ads focused. So. Hum. Just for you specifically, I did connect with with Zela on a potential Costco reporting piece too. So her and I are talking about that as well. But if you covered everything that would be of interest to you. Soham, that I'm, I'm totally good. Yeah.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker D: And if you come up with any questions, you know, after this on things you, you know, that pop in in your mind that, geez, I wish I would have asked this. Feel free to email me at any time and we can always jump back in and you can play around with the demo or something as well. So that's not an issue.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: Okay. No, I mean we are mainly talking about advertisement perspective of it. Yeah, it was good. How about did I see what's on the Customer Journey tab? That sounds.

Speaker A: Yeah. So this is at the user level. One minute please. Thank you. You can see where your new brands are coming from by products as well as, you know, the repeat purchase rate and the LTV and then what you're able to have visibility into as well as product level. So seeing exactly kind of where your revenues are coming from and the cohort size is the amount of new to brands within this time period that are coming. Okay. Right now I'm only looking at like last month, so you'll notice that I don't have a 60 day or 365 day in that table. It should be blank. It's just repeating the same number. But if I go for example, and look at last year, what will happen is now you're really able to get that visibility. Right. So for this product, LTV started at $12 and within 365 days it worked its way to 15.

Speaker B: Right. In terms of calculating LTV for the subscribe and Save customers, is AMC attributing all the sales that comes from it, all the repeat purchases or just is it limited?

Speaker A: It's including both. And we can filter between subscribe and Save and non subscribe and Save as you can see here.

Speaker B: Right. Yeah.

Speaker A: This is looking at your entire population. But I could say, hey, I just want to see what the behavior of subscribe and Save customers looks like. And so now you'll notice, first of all, the repeat purchase rate is very different, much higher. The LTV is much higher too. But that's because I'm looking at a sub segment, the People that are subscribed to sns.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Okay. Makes sense.

Speaker B: Yeah, makes sense. Okay, so, but sns, is it also like, is it calculating all the repeat purchases that are coming over over the 12 months or over the period? Okay, awesome. That's good. All right. Yeah, that's pretty much it.

Speaker D: I mean, I, I do have a question. Did you guys cover the contribution margin piece by chance?

Speaker A: Yeah, we did. We did.

Speaker D: Okay. Taking into consideration the marketing spend by product and the all of that good stuff. Okay, cool. Yep.

Speaker A: Cool.

Speaker B: Awesome. Is there anything else that we need to cover or is that it?

Speaker A: I'm good on mine. Yeah. Great. What are your thoughts? I'm just curious, from a feedback standpoint, seeing this for the first time.

Speaker B: Well, this is impressive, but also I need to think what kind of decision that I can make from these insights. How I can literally, I mean, practically what I can do from this kind of data. Right. This is of course something that we need to think about. Yeah, but it's good.

Speaker A: So, Soham, that's exactly the problem. I think you're 100% right, which is it ends up, it's adding complexity to your work because now you've got all these other things that you can see and consider, which in the past you didn't. And so the way that we track that, we tackle that is we're building algorithmic logic to prioritize those opportunities to create either filters or watch outs. For example, you're going out of stock here. You're going to be out of stock in 14 days and you're at this rate, you're going to run out of inventory. So you might as well pause the campaign. So those type of recommendations are going to come through to you with suggestions so that essentially you don't have to do all that work of connecting all dots that's happening for you now. We're still the development mode of that phase. We started with the descriptive and diagnostic, but these are things that we're going to be deploying on a monthly basis, those type of capabilities.

Speaker D: Right. And essentially a customizable dashboard. Right. So you log in and you can see your actionable, essentially your actionable insights right off the bat that you can take quick actions upon, you know, to increase or optimize your account.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker D: So no, because I agree, it's like you, you have all this data in front of you. What are you going to do with it? And, and who has the time to actually sit and digest it?

Speaker A: Yeah, this, this is just a starting point for us. And then we partner with our brands to develop those capabilities based on what they prioritize.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: That's what we work with. Yeah, got it.

Speaker B: Now this is very helpful. Insights are great. I think AMC is definitely going to be the future. Let's see.

Speaker A: Well, thank you for, you know, Amazon's trying to make it the future. It's part of the puzzle. I think the future is kind of what we showed you where you're combining everything.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: To get a holistic view. Right, got it. Including your inventory, your forecast of revenue, of product by week, by day. And that now allows you to make much more kind of forward looking decisions to see where your business is going in the next six months and make adjustments to optimize that. There aren't that many platforms today that are doing that. You know, they're always either looking backwards or including certain data points but not the others. And that as a result causes for, you know, incomplete recommendations or kind of slightly off recommendations. Okay, thanks for. I'm stay warm in Toronto. Man, I know it's cold over there. I used to live in Canada. I used to live in Montreal and I got family in Toronto as well. Okay. On the western side of the city when you keep driving on the highway. So I'm just like. I went there last November, it was cold. Oh yeah.

Speaker B: I mean two days ago there was a snowstorm and it was. Feels like temperature was about minus 40.

Speaker A: No, I know, it's horrible. At least you have no motivation. You can stay in and not feel guilty about staying in the house. No, it's good to meet you.

Speaker B: Yeah, nice to meet you.

Speaker D: We'll talk soon.

Speaker B: Yeah, talk soon. Bye.

