Transcript for: Inventory_Management_and_Optimization_for_Amazon_Sales.mp4
Title: Inventory Management and Optimization for Amazon Sales
============================================================

Hi, Anubak, how are you? Morning, Brittany. I'm good. Good morning, Soham. How are you? Doing well. How are you guys? Good. Are you guys still in a heat wave in Ontario? Heat wave? We had it. But not last week or this week, the week before. Was it last week? I forgot. But there, there was a time when it was really, really hot. Yeah, I left like the day before. Oh. I was there for like 48 hours and then just heard some concerts and then literally left and then that's when there was like a. There was a heat warning the day that I was there, but it was still okay. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, you were in Toronto. Yeah. Have you ever been to that, that Canada place? Like that Budweiser stage? Huh? Yeah, I was saying too. I was complaining to everyone. Good morning, Alicia. Happy birthday. Oh yeah, thanks. Oh, happy birthday. Thanks. Oh, I saw one post on LinkedIn. It was yesterday. Right. He likes to publicly celebrate my age. But to be fairness, I only left there was like one funny photo of you holding the ranch chickpeas. And then I only left that one on Facebook. Back up. Okay. Yeah, because Bucker like reordered the way in which it posted. So there were some of them where that one was the first photo and I was like, no, that can't be the first photo. Oh God. Okay. Okay. I actually have Natasha just listening in for the first little bit as well. Just for some of the. Where I'm just. We're on holidays this week, Shoham, so I'm in a little bunky right now and stuff too. And I apologize if I'm not super prepared for the conversation today. But we'll kick things off because I know Annab has brought up sent in advance some information regarding just the change to the six pack on the snacks to go. And then we'll just go over inventory and make sure that we're flowing as we need. Nice haircut. And above, your hair looks nice. Okay, so I'm thinking first we'll start with the labeling issue and then we can move to our inventory discussion. So let me share my screen real quick. Okay, so the first issue is for the new snacks to go. 28 grams that was sent across to Calgary. So in this one the defect was that they were unable to scan the barcode. So it shows barcode cannot be scanned. And to resolve the defect they mentioned about the quality and the place where you sticker the barcode. So ideally we have been putting. So let's say this is my bag and we have been putting somewhere between beneath the Logo and the white area. This is a 15 grams but not a 28 grams bag. But there is a space and there we put it. Now the issue is this is a bag. Right. And technically this is not a flat surface. I don't know will Amazon treat this as a flat surface or not? Because this is a physical label that goes on to the vac. So do you think there could be a scan level issues? But again Amazon has for now received it and marked it as sellable. So there were defects found. Necessary steps were taken by Amazon to remedy the situation and receive your inventory. So inventory was received but the entire process took time. So Annabelle visit. And it's the barcode on the. Because it's in six packs. Right. So is there a barcode on the outer and the inner. It's the inner barcode that's the in like the sale unit. It's not. Not the box. Not the six pack case. Okay. So it has nothing to do really actually with the change to the six pack. It actually has nothing to do with that. And let me double check on how we sent this one. Let me do a quick check. 100% was six pack but let me do 8y6. Oh and then they said necessary steps were taken. So they received it. And you're seeing it fulfill to be salable. Yeah. So then our concern is. Yeah, it was saying the next shipment is what you're kind of saying like is this the US and this is Canada, right, Annabelle, this is Canada and additionally not all. And it was partial. So we had sent to them 300 units and the defect was for 50% of stock. So we had sent. This is my shipment list. So I'd sent 300 units and which is 650 master cases for this particular FPS shipment ending with GMV. And this is the FPA shipment ending with the GMV and it shows 144 units. So our process is not wrong. Had our process been wrong, the entire quantity would have been flagged and not a partial. So you're saying the other half is fully received on time, no issues just as. And so is there anything production wise we did differently on different production days. So I tried to check. So nothing was done differently. But I have some other examples after this where we identified where they. They were missing barcodes on the backs. Okay. So there was in some cases a new bob where there is an error here. We just, we just didn't. There was missed barcodes on the beds. Yeah. Okay. Yes. This 144 is unit. It's not cases. Right. It's not the case. Okay. So that's probably the issue that they identified some missing put it back in the case and. And probably they must have relabeled the bags. But they did not mention because this is pretty vague and open. I have some other examples where they were pretty specific on what was the issue. Okay. So it says what the common issues are here. Barcode, label placement, quality and format issues. So we know it's probably not formatting or even quality because they were all printed at the same time. Right. In Newbot and half are received. And I'm wondering if it's placement on the bag. Do we know where they're placing these on the bag when they. Oh yeah. So this is not a 28 grams bag but they are placed just below the three farmers black in the white portion area there is a blank white area and they are putting it here. Okay. And consistently doing that. Hey, yeah, yeah. I mean go ahead show homie. Yeah. I have a question. So first of all, the barcode that you're referring to, are you referring to the FNSQ barcode? FNSKU barcode. Okay. And you know what the ideal placement is to hide the UPC barcode. And then with this FNSQ barcode not that is where that is what I learned from some other examples that I'm going to pop up. So there is a barcode at the bottom which is our UPC ean. So do we need to cover this? Yeah. Okay. It's supposed to have just one barcode. Yeah. Okay. So that it's not confusing for whoever is picking it probably on Amazon's end big enough to cover that. But we've never done that on any of our items, have we? I'll show you another example. Soham. So let us come back to this FBA example. So and this was our box label and this is what our FNSQ label for this particular shipment. Another example Amazon US at this time we had sent 15 grams of.15 grams snack bag. And this time we did not ship as six pack but one unit in a. In one box. Like one unit each. They were shipped on 12th of May and they identified missing barcode on 22 units. So that means it was missing and they identified what. What was the expected barcode? Expected barCode is the FNSQ that begins with X and actual barcode is 67933. So I was like this 67933 is the bag here it is exactly the same number that shows here. So that is where it was Confusing. So they identified that only 22 units were missing. So if our label placement is an issue, they would not have received the entire shipment. So they did receive the balance shipment. Only 22 were marked as flat. So I don't think what almost sounds we need to cover it depends on. It almost sounds like it depends on who's the Amazon worker. Some of them are, are looking elsewhere and understand that there can be confusion. But then some of them are like highly regulating and saying like no, this is confusing. So that's kind of what it sounds like to me. So I think way forward here unless we, I think we, we need to look at our process and above of, you know, just mitigating that risk of confusion and move our stickers to the UPC or do something that covers the other upc which ideally we're not doing two stickers. It's just one that does both jobs. So in that case. Cause our labels that comes off the sizes are pretty like they will go just. They won't cover the full barcode area, they'll just cover a partial of it. Yeah. Which is standard ratio. I mean can we make it bigger? Something that covers the entire thing? If I don't know what kind of. I mean what I did before a long time ago was I think it get those paper. Sorry, you just print these barcodes and you can pull out the stickers from those papers. Right. I don't know if you're using something similar. Well even I wonder like this is just for Amazon, this bag, right? Like would you just take the freaking barcode off? No, I think that's okay. But, but honestly we can just like this is this. We'll take it back to production. Annabove. And the question is, how do we want to handle this? We can't have two barcodes so we need to get rid of it. Is it its own blank sticker or do we make the labels bigger and cover it? Another probable discussion that I had with Neil was I'm not sure how it works, but would we be looking at bags pre designed with Amazon barcode specifically instead of not at this time because this SKU will be sold elsewhere. So. But when, maybe in future when Amazon is, you know, a million dollars per ski, then maybe, then maybe that's where we start saying like hey now we should really just separate it. Right. But right now it's shared. So the manual, additional manual touch makes more sense. Okay. Okay. So next steps on that is we will take that to production and saying how and we'll have to put that across because we don't already share the details. That example that you showed was that the 15 times 30 gram or that was the 28 gram because we've never had that issue with the 15 was a gram shipment. 15 gram shipment and that to one unit not even six pack. Okay, okay, got you. So that was an example of a different item. Same. But my learning is if any shipment has an issue, Amazon will delay the process of receiving it. So it has shipped on time. It was received on time. But if there is an issue they will not close that process until a month. Yeah, so if I track it like it was shipped on 12th of May and it was closed just recently. And the last example is we shipped another 28 grams shipment. Let me see whether it was us. And in this the identified case was instead of the FNSKU they found an ASIN barcode which is confusing to me that where do we get an ASIN barcode from which SKU is this? And this is like us snacks to go 28 grams. Oh okay. And shipped on July 7th like it was a six pack box. We just. Sorry, shipment was closed on July 7th and we shipped on 29th of April. 20 cases we shipped with six packs. So total 120 units and 12 units got identified as error with barcode of ah Asin which is super confusing because none of my bags would have Asin barcode on it. Again, could this have been missed or messed up in production? Anuba. But again, where will the ASIN label come? That's what I'm not even printed. Is it. Is it even possible? I don't know the. I don't know it well enough to print the labels. Is it. Is it even possibility? So I took an example. I went to my folders where we printed. So we took exact sequence number of the fnsq. It matches with what the expected barcode is. And I written dedicated folders for printing the label so it matches exactly. Okay, so but so you don't physically print the labels. This went to the back shop and they printed them. But you have to clear electronic folders denoting. But let's remember if this was created. When was this created? April. This was shipped on 29th of April. Like that was in the omit. Like yeah, there was a lot going on back there. Yeah, I wonder if that fell. I have a feeling this is an issue in production. So we'll just have to just maybe just take it to the production team and really just look at our Amazon issue and identify where there's risk in Translating labels, creating labels, printing labels, UPCs and just close those. For instance, the new Bob, who's doing it right now, who's printing for right now, Omid is printing the labels. Okay. I suggest like it looks like we're doing the right things and we found a learning here of covering the barcodes to stop confusion on their end. Why don't you and I anubhav when I build the build for that Monday, not this coming Monday, the Monday after or Tuesday, whatever day. Why don't we just shadow or at least Brenda shadow the movement of these labels through production and we might identify some areas of risk or some question marks that haven't been answered on Omid then that he needs to understand. So we'll just do more close monitoring of this next one. Yeah. Maybe do some training, right? Yeah, some training. Yeah. Okay. Okay, that's it. Those were the three examples that were marked as defects. Yeah. And then I come back to the inventory chart. So starting with. Let's start with Amazon Canada. So this is the fulfillment that he goes over. Yes. Okay. I looked at this this morning, a new Bob and added my comments, but happy to hear yours. Yeah. Okay. So have you updated the sheet? You mean are you on me? Have you updated the account? No, no, I just sent my comments to you in an email. Yeah, I saw that. Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. So for Amazon Canada, so again focusing on the hero SKUs marked in yellow. So let me just collapse this number real quick. So okay, so my suggestion was for Camelina Oil. So for the five liter bags, you remember Soham we had recalled but now that Unfulfillable is also gone. So if I just show here that nothing is there and unfulfillable. So right now if you remember we sent 30, we tried to recall 28 who were sold. But there is no transaction records of any units whatsoever. And physically we haven't received any box so far. Yeah. So the 28 units we tried to create return orders and the first one, first attempt was canceled. The second attempt was successful. So you'll be receiving those soon. Okay. Yeah. What soon show how like the. So the rejected ones, like is that like when you say soon like so the courier has them like. Yeah, what I'll do is I just generated one report with the tracking id so I'll just forward those to you. Okay. So that you can track. Sure. Thanks. And. And how many shipments There will be multiple. Right? So there will be. Yeah, there can be. So let me just open up this report for a second. Yeah, no, they're just sending one shipment, so. Yeah, everything in one shipment. So do you. No, no, no. Multiple shipments. Sorry about that. Sorry. Yeah, there are 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 shipments. 10 shipments. Okay. Yeah. Of course they come from different DCs. Now issue is. So do you want me to try with the same listing, same code as a small parcel shipment to Canada? Yeah, like we had that. Should I send five minutes? Yeah, five minutes using ups. Amazon partnered ups. Okay. Yeah, let me try doing that with the same listing and see what happens to it. But yeah, I'll just keep it to five numbers. Yeah. Okay, perfect. Then talking about the chickpeas. So chickpeas in total, including the shipment that we are sending today, the total number of units will be sitting at 300 and the numbers from last one month is 78. So I think there is no need to replenish them unless there is. Your forecast says otherwise. Yeah, I think that one is good. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Now my concerns are when I'm seeing big quantity in fulfillment center transfer. So for example this particular SKU of 30 pack 15 grams snacks to go thousand units. Thousand plus units are showing in fulfillment center intra transfer. Is this a concern? Like should we plan to send more or. This should not be a concern. I'm concerned about that and I think we should just keep planning according to the forecast. So if our lead time for example is four weeks then you can just plan the production accordingly. Yeah. So we sold thousand, close to thousand units in last one month and including everything in transit. We are not sending anything and we are not working on. There is no open order. There is one being received for 36 units but otherwise we are looking at this number 3355. So should we plan like let's say 7002000 another or do you think it's good? So Shoham show. Can you pull up the forecast that you're. Yeah. Saying produce to the forecast. What forecast? Can I see it? Yeah, I just. I have the dashboard up Showham. But why does the actuals to forecast tab disappear sometimes? Yeah, I was unable to see the forecast yesterday so otherwise I was thinking to put that column in as well. But I don't see the forecast. Excel. Sorry about that. So it's. I think we'll have to. I'm just doing it right now so you can see now I think it's just that whenever we update we have to hide that for our process. But then we. I think we should add one more state that we also have to unhide it okay. Yeah. So yeah, if you can always just triple check that. That's because that's literally the one that we all look at here. So we're talking about the 30 grams, right? So yeah, again, Tasha, when we say like the agreement is three months worth, so it likely will say a thousand dollar forecast here, where are we at? Which line is the forecast? Okay, the forecast here. And these are. So yeah, he's upped it. So yeah, you went in because you went in recently and reforecasted show home. Right. So now we're saying for July 1350, 1400. Okay. That's what you're expecting it to sell. Not telling us what to expecting to sell, which is so what we need available. And then we've discussed just try to keep three months filled, keep the pipe filled up. Three months worth. Yeah. So a new Bob, what I'm planning for next week build like not next week. The first thing, the next week would be like the 1600 units is kind of the cadence we're in, whatever that works into six packs. 300, I think. And that gets you up to almost your three months. Yeah, my question was more about like, that one's pretty, like, I would say like normal for me. I'm a little bit new. 128 grams. I'm a little bit lost on. I'm like, okay, is it part of prime? Is it not part of Prime? It is because it has five stars. So then we absolutely need to get some product in there. Right. Because it's only 180. There's only 360 available. Right. Okay. So 38 grams. Yeah, this is just 38 grams. It shows. So. So we are sending. Yeah. Units. Yeah. So available inbound. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So because we talked about that last time because prime slows things down too. So we filled that. That's why we were, you know, kind of pressing hard on an above last time and saying you got to get these. That's good. Yeah. So you're actually pretty good there. And then I see here show home you up it. You upped it to. Yeah, 400 units month over month. That's right. Yeah. We already did 314 units in the last 30 days. Because it's Friday. Oh, yeah. Okay. How many units in the last days? 314 units. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And you know what? This item is highly successful at Costco right now too. And on like I do even, I think even the 400 month over month, I think that's going to scale quick. I think so. It may happen. Yeah. And Also the best seller ranking, it has really improved recently because of our Prime Day participation. So one more thing to observe is how it remains after the prime day is over and if it still remains almost at the same level, the forecast definitely needs to be reviewed. So one more thing that I wanted to add here is maybe as a buffer we should produce some quantity so that we are, you know, we have enough inventory even after the prime day is over and then our sales repls. So when you say buffer like one month's worth 400. That's usually something around that. 400 or 500 units. Something around that, yeah. Okay. You can plan that in 28 grams. Up to 28 grams. Yeah. I'll mention 400 to 500 units then. We talked about that. He's going to try and use an Amazon partner and it's being returned. Okay, perfect. Okay. Yeah. The short term. Okay. Yeah. I wonder if part of that bag in box issue is that we're again not taping over the barcode. Potentially. Yeah, we should look at that. So we'll start implementing that also. So sorry Anubhav, I gotta run here. But as a follow up just on the process and procedure of labeling and such, I think you, me and Brenda should just have a quick connect maybe mid next week as we're prepping for the next Amazon run. Do you want to just take care of scheduling that? My only concern is there is three pallets being picked like being dispatched today. Yeah, that's okay. I mean it'll be. I mean worst case, you're gonna get these defects. Do they charge us back for fixing those? They must. So they say that if it keeps on repeating there will be a fee and even that. And if it keeps on happening even after that, then probably they will block this SKU for some time unless we assure them or prove them. Prove like steps of how we are going to rectify it. Okay. You said it's picking up today, Anub. Is that what you said? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think you got to let that go. And let's micromanage this next order and really observe what's going on. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm gonna run. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Thanks guys. But I mentioned that comment also for this new 28 gram show on that the defects was which had developed. It shows 300 units were shipped now received as full but flagged as Parco. Cannot be scanned. Necessary steps were taken and everything is eligible for Amazon prime sale. So. Okay, that's good. So that's a good. That's good news. That it's eligible for sale. And that is why we had this 300 plus showing as available, which was not showing till last week. Okay, coming back to the next SKU, which is lentils for it. Pack of three. So we had 36 units sold in last one month. And including everything that we are, everything that is in transit and already delivered, we are sitting at 85 units. So that is close to two and a half months. So I'm thinking to add another 24 units here. And then for our two pack camelina oil, we are sitting at 108 units sold in last one month and we are sitting at total units of 230. So I would like to up that quantity by sending another close to a pallet which is like 96 units because this one also is on prime days. So just a heads up. Yeah, okay. Okay. So you're saying that the numbers will pull hard because it's 20% off, which we haven't had on oil in a while. Obviously this one is on Amazon, so. So maybe 120. I'll leave that to you and Alicia. But just wanted to point that out. Yeah. It has good shelf leases in the bottles. Right. So we've sold 108 in the last 30 days. Is that how much has been selling over the prime days? How long does prime days? When does it end? It ends tomorrow. It ends tomorrow? Yeah, tomorrow. Hang on, I just pulled the report of what has been sold since then. Hang on. So we've sold 28 since the 8th, which is when it started. Yeah. Okay, we have two months worth in there. I think you're okay at the 96 right now, Annaba. But when we come back next week then we'll. Or the next call, we'll see if we need to pump that up. Yeah. And another like again I highlighted that I saw a big quantity in fulfillment center transfers. So yeah. Okay. For power variety three pack, we are sitting at over three months. So I didn't plan anything unless your forecast is otherwise. Johan? No, I think it's okay. Okay, great. So for snacks to go, I'll just do 1600 units for our 15 grams and then 400 to 500 units for our 20. 28 grams for Canada. Okay. Okay, let's freeze that. And then coming Back to Amazon, U.S. power beans for 80 pack. Pack of three. We have more than three months stock. So I haven't had any recommendation like we sold 21 units in last one month and we are sitting at 98 units. Then snap to go. 15 grams for us 78 units sold in last one month and sitting at 279 units. So slightly over three months. But again with prime days, do you think is there a need for a smaller shipment maybe or that's. It's not a participant, it's not participating in prime days. So you're probably fine there for now. Yeah. Okay, again, a two pack Camelina oil for us it's. The numbers were like 16, but again I'm not sure how. Is it a. Is it a four star plus rating for us, Emily? I think it is, yeah. Oh, okay. So I mean we have more than enough I think. But if at all you need, maybe I can send 20 units which is like 10 cases. But even that is not needed. So I'll leave it to the discussion. Yeah, I think you're okay right now. Yeah, yeah, I'll just remove 20 also. For this number. Shoham, Like the one which I was showing the example to you that 22 units were having that barcode error and 289 units were recently received. So where does that number go? Does it go in available now or what is the timing of it? Like how trustworthy is this report? This is Yesterday's report. And 289 units were recently received like in their system. So I'm not 100 sure where that number is work because definitely there is again real time sales happening. So I think it is available column which might have sold some units. Okay, so here's what I'll do about. I will do about that. I think instead of looking at the Manage Inventory page, we should look at the Manage Shipments page and there we should keep a track of how many units we shipped versus how many they received. And this is important by the way, sometimes they damage our inventory, sometimes they lose our inventory. So if any of those, they keep on investigating. Yeah. And then they ask for a refund. Yeah, they do that. Yeah, yeah. So sometimes they miss. They don't do it automatically. So it's really a good idea to keep an eye on what's going on. And if something's missing, it's our responsibility to create a case and ask for that reimbursement. So yeah, I suggest that you keep an eye on the Manage inventory. Sorry Manage Shipments page and then see how many we sent versus how many they received. And if you see that it's still missing after the shipment is closed, that is the time. But problem is the timeline, Shroham, that that one particular shipment gets closed in even three months time. I know, yeah. So that is the problem that they Keep on. And they find it after two and a half months. I've seen that. Okay. On the numbers that if it is one or two pieces even they will keep on open. Like keep that as open until they find or close the full case scenario. Okay. If that's happening, we are okay. But if not, that's when we have to create those claims. I mean, Okay then for the new snacks to go. 28 grams for us currently showing 87 units available. Yeah, I think we're good. It's not selling that much. In fact, it's not selling at all. Why? I think we need to advertise it properly. So budget is a problem in the U.S. yeah, in the U.S. okay, we'll talk about that. Okay. So no need to replenish this one you're saying, right? No, no. Okay. And again, I had the same confusion for this that 128,120units received as per Amazon's portal yesterday it was showing 120 they received and 1212 they marked as unfulfillable but available. It only shows 87. So I'm like, where does that number match up? It's like same day report. But again, I don't have any answers to that. Right. Because this should definitely be hundred plus. When it in terms of column of available, it's, it's. I ignore these number. Just keep an eye on the Manage Shipments page because it's quite complicated. The process that they follow is quite complicated. So I just keep track of the manager, the number that they're showing on the Manage Shipments page. And if that is okay. No, but. But once shipment gets received, that automatically incorporates into available column. Not always. I'll tell you. Yeah, well, you know what, Anuphav, if you really want to understand what's going on with every number, there's something called inventory ledger and you can download daily ledger and there you can see all the movements that are happening. So displacements, they call it displacements that are happening. So if they change, let's say one unit, even one unit from available to reserved, it will show there. Or if they identify anything as defective, it will show up there or unfulfillable. Everything is there recorded there. So if you really want to want to understand what's going on, you need to download that report and see what's going on on there. But. And it just sounds like everything takes longer in the U.S. it like we'll go to the U.S. it's like you lose visibility for a little while. Unless you want to go into every number like that like. Because that's a big country. Yeah. What I was trying to understand from you, Soham is like since we are doing it every week, Right. For my inventory check and health in terms of how much units are we sitting at? So I thought this report is one place like in single view pane I can see different numbers playing together. So that is why I always rely on this one rather than multiple shipments because it adds to your time of decision making of how many numbers to plan. Right. Yeah. So do you still think this is a reliable report in terms of how we are currently planning? This is a reliable report except for the last 30 days sales. So if you could just use a business report and then use Vlookup to import those numbers here. This is a very reliable report. And apart from that, I would really not be that much worried about what's happening with all those units. Okay. Yeah, got it. You know it is. And last SKU to discuss was our chickpeas variety pack. We are sitting at like there is. We are actually. Yeah, you're fine there for now too. Yeah, a little bit more actually because it's. It's been a while that is out of stock and that's why the last 30 sales is 40. Otherwise it could be more. Yeah. So I'd say yeah, I had added 20. I had added 20. But again, should I make it 40? Like 50 or 60 would be a good place to be at this point. Okay. Yeah, Perfect. Great. Okay. Anything else on this side, Annabh? No, I'm good. Okay. So yeah, biggest thing is shadowing that process on the barcode labeling and just identifying areas because I do wonder if that is part of the 5 liter issue as well. So when we start looking at those, we should keep that in mind that 5 liter camelina oil. But we don't just see resolution from them. Like at least here we had some comments, but in that one there is no comment. It just goes to. Yeah, but again it's something needs to be practiced across all ASINs. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, cool. Okay, I'll talk to you later. Thank you. Okay, thanks Micro. Yeah. And then Shoham and. And Brittany, because I do have a hard stop at 10 today or whatever, but two things I wanted to chat about. Number one, one of them budget, where we're at on that and how we can allocate more especially with what's going on in the U.S. so interesting that you brought that up, Shoham. And two, I just wanted to give you a quick look into show home into the. The rebrand and the timing of that. Because what we'll have to structure is our plan on the imaging and the deadlines and stuff of when things need to be ready so that we balance that with Amazon and make sure that we don't have any rejects or anything because our image is not the same. I'm just going to pull up on that first quickly here. I'm going to share my screen for a second. If you don't like the design, it's too late show way too late. Can you see my screen? Yes. So after I'm not going to go through the whole sort of like the whole thing. So this has been like a over a six month project and it basically started back with three farmers looking at our, our positioning. And so that's where we contracted with Susie and she was working with us a lot of consumer and concept testing around positioning. And so the positioning, basically our three farmers harnesses the power of farm grown. That farm grown authentic story of three farmers is really where we landed in terms of positioning but also moving forward understanding you are a snack, you are high protein and you need to look like you taste good. So how do we make this farm grown story not so grounded with a farmer on pack like a little more snacky? I guess kind of. And so when we went all the way down to pack test, we had like literally went through so many different iterations. The last test we went out was these two different versions where one was really just an evolution of making sure protein was louder, Canadian was louder, flavor was a little bit louder with color blocking and then a little more of a revolution that sort of changed out the farm equity to be a little bit friendlier, lighter, approachable, but still calls out the protein and fiber and treated the food a little bit different. So this pack A is what came out winning. We tested in both Canada and the U.S. and then we did some shelf which is not as important for, for Amazon testing. But so basically just to give you the final, final because I'm just revision, revising some. This is the final, this one here on the left because we wanted the protein a little bit louder is the, the new look that we're starting to roll out this week across the packs. So that's what you can kind of expect. And then once it gets onto packaging then we have all of our digital assets right in terms of like our Amazon pages, our Amazon content, our website pages, any sort of static posts or things like that will be all part of that. So through the months of July and August, it is like fast going across the packaging. So we'll want to kind of start building our task list of what ass in what order for the Amazon pages. Because obviously you have product images, product pages, a plus content storefront. How like we'll maybe come together on our next meeting. I can kind of start a list and you can have or if maybe you have a list show home. It's almost like your whole list of like listing a new item. We have to just follow that and make sure we've checked all the boxes. Okay, and is this going to be for the existing SKUs? We are going to update the existing Skus packaging. Good question. Yes. So we call it the core. So chickpeas favas are the priority of a July. So our core in July and then we're moving into snack mixes. So I'm just going to pull up actually the high level timeline for you here. So in terms of like innovation and all these. So yes, the rebrand, we're looking at everything. Three farmers. Every pack that we sell is going to be rebranded in this look and timeline of that. So we're hoping that we go live on E Commerce in November. Like we will have all assets completed, done. So we will be shipping out to stores, we will be shipping into E Commerce. And so because right now we're just in pack design then we have to go to print and all the lead times of all of that. So our target work back date is November. Then on top of that, simultaneously with this item we do have three multi pack items that we are working on which is so you have the variety pack and so this would be an item we want to talk. So our variety pack, it's just each individual flavor broken down into more of like a grocery channel size. So it's for instance five sweet chili favas in a small size, smaller bag size. I don't know if this item has value on Amazon given that we we sell the big bag, but we can think about that. So there'll be one with five packs of sweet chili in it, there'll be one with five packs of barbecue in it. And there'll be one with five packs of dill pickle in it. How much will be the price point? The price point at grocery. Good question. Let me get that because Natasha just finished that pricing exercise. But it will be like, I want to say I grocery for five of those. I want to say it was like 8.99 to 9.99. Under 10 bucks. Yeah, I don't think this will be a good candidate for Amazon at that price point. So yeah. Well, and then. So my question for Amazon would be though, would we bundle them like so you would like you could do like. So say we want sweet chili is like a hot seller. You have to buy three. Three of them or something. I don't know. But yeah, like the variety pack is the winner. It's basically the same flavors and even bigger. So maybe there is no value in it. But if you do see value, we could bundle them and they buy three or whatever it is. Is it something that you can do on our end that we will bundle three of these together and ship them to Amazon? Yeah, like the same way we do our chickpea variety pack. Right. We take three flavors, put them in a box. So we would take three. Yeah, yeah. So it can be a. Just something to think on. Sure. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, I just wanted to bring awareness to that in terms of the snack mixes that's likely not ready until Q2 next year. We have to focus on the rebrand and some of these multi packs. So that will be something that will move towards in Q1 in terms of getting those products set up for ecom. Got it. Okay. Okay, great. And then so let's just chat budget quickly. So can you just show me. Show just a little bit about what you're spending in the US And Canada right now. And I know last time we had the conversation it was more about like you have the 10% rule, but how could we go up to 15, 20 and where would we want to do that? Definitely in the US I know that too, but. But yeah. Do you want to show me what your spend is right now across the two and. Yeah, sure. Give me one moment. Also, I hadn't seen that last iteration with like the protein blownup that just came in today because we're like. So this week we're like fast tracking. Like we have to lock the pack. So there's actually a back of pack image. There's a. We did the back of pack Copy. I should just snap that over to you, Brittany. I just went through that this morning. To keep them rolling. Yeah. And the tractor in the field being pushed, like removing the 120 grams and moving it over. I feel like I didn't realize that never bothered me before. But then once I saw the after, I'm like, okay, now this hurts my brain. Like it looks so much better the way it is now. Like more across the bottom. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah, I'll show you. I'll snap some shots or forward that presentation over. So I don't know why Courtney? She, she always like doesn't keep everybody on the emails that. Yeah, just keep them informed. But yeah. Okay, I'll share my screen now. Okay, so can you see my screen? Yeah. Okay, so let's look at Canada first. Oh, this is United States. This is Canada. And we in the last 30 days spent $5,500. It's over our budget and to compare that with our revenue, we sold 48,000. So we are at. 11.45% tacos. And do you do it that like you don't go from the 1st, you go from the 10th. I'm just looking at 30 days data. If you want to look at a particular month, you can also do that. Yeah, I was just curious. Okay. Okay. So you're just looking at most recent month. And so basically you're saying right now to what that month did in performance. We're. We're like 11 and a half percent spend. Yes. Okay. And so, and ideally. And you're saying because when we had this conversation last time, it's like, okay, this percentage is maintaining with slow. There is some growth in there. It's like slower growth, but it's like more like a maintaining. You're saying if we want to grow, it's more. If we could get between the 15, even accelerate to 20. When you, when you say growth rate show home, like what do you anticipate? Like even a 15%, 15, 16% could do, like would you start seeing maybe like month over month, 20% growth? Like that's a good question. And that's. You're kind of saying you have to just do it and then reforecast it. Yeah, we'll have to see. It's all an experiment in my mind. So I will not be able to pinpoint that this is exactly what you can expect to see. But as we allocate the budget on the right product and in the right for the right keywords targeting and right placements, we'll have to see how they work out on our behalf. And, and depending on that, we can. We'll get an idea. Okay, so maybe this is what you can expect in the coming months. Right. And so do you feel right now with your. This eleven and a half percent, are you feeling now that we've rationalized like you are spending that on the right products, we have the right key terms or that's what you're showing me last time, like we're only doing one sort of advertising and you'd like to get in to one or two other boxes. That's right. Yeah, yeah. So. So if we were to say, hey, you know, starting immediately in Canada, we're comfortable to move to like 15, 16%. Does that kind of work? Does that help to start testing in some of those other. Definitely helps, yes. Yes, definitely. Also, at the same time, we may need some creatives video assets, and also we'll also need some support regarding that. Okay. And of course, there are a lot other. Lot of other things to do too. For even for sponsored product, where we don't need creatives, we can. There are areas where you can spend and hopefully they will work out, but also we need that creative support. Okay. And so is that like when you say video, like assets for videos. So we just got you the A content for the new variety pack. You did have the video for that too. So are there. What other things are we behind on? We don't have a video for the new variety pack. That's just for the old one. Yeah. Oh, just for the old one. Okay. So do we want to do one for the Variety pack? Very similar to what's existing for the old one? Okay. Yeah. Okay. Any other requests like that then for assets, if we have to talk about an ideal situation, then these creatives also need to be tested. So we need to create these creatives from different angles and see what works better. And also for store pages, we haven't created store page yet, but we definitely have to do that. If you want to run sponsored brand, not sponsored brand video, and also the usual banner ads, we need to have store pages set up. And also not right now, but in the future we may want to test different landing pages with the storefront. So what we'll do is we'll run sponsored brand ads and then we'll run those traffic to. Will take those traffic to the storefront pages, sub pages that will design, custom design. And it's kind of like how it works on websites. So we have to treat it as a landing page and we have to optimize that. That's not right now, but in the future. Yeah, so those are the. And when you say it's not right now and in the future, do you mean because you need bigger budgets to start activating that type of advertising or. Well, what I mean is I have a lot more to test before I go there. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And so what are you currently. When you say testing? Right. Like, what are you currently testing right now? So helm, like. Well, currently it's more at the strategic level. It's more about the budget allocation. So right now, if I look at how much we are spending. I see that the, I mean the Camelin oil, we spent quite a lot. We spent close to 20% of the revenue or even a little bit more, 22% of the revenue on that product, which I don't see is working out on our, you know, in our advantage. And I think that's partially in Canada, partially because the demand for Camelina oil, it's not, we don't have that much to leverage. It's not that much in demand. That's what I'll. I have no observed. So I think that now we. And this is something that I have done very recently now I plan to take, let's say in the last 30 days we spent about $700 on that. And I'm planning to take let's say $400 from that budget and reallocate that to either of these variety packs. And also the old variety pack, we have been spending really little amount of money on that in the last few months. Close to eight. The new. The new one or the old one? The old one. Okay. Yeah. So I still think that a product has more potential for growth and I'd like to spend more on that. So yeah, these are the things that we are playing around with right now and it's really something we have to pick. Out of five different options, which one do we really spend on? That's where we are right now. So even at the keyword level, which one do we spend on? Which one will give us a better leverage if we want to grow because of our limited budget? Yeah. Okay. Okay. So for Canada let's move to like ASAP to the 15, 16% area there on spend. Okay. And now talk to me about the US Is very low. I don't even know if we're. It's not very low. So the thing about the US that's happened in a big way because we rationalize lentils were one of those items for the US So we rationalized hard in the US and that's where we have seen a dip on the revenues in the US because of taking some of those items away. Right. So now it's about, okay, re. Re kind of refocusing on these cores. So yeah, give me one moment. It doesn't add up for me for some reason. So. I also wonder if it's prime days. There's just been huge glitches. Like yesterday I couldn't even get into the back end. Like you know how to ask you just to like the two step verification. It sends a message to your phone and it wouldn't. It would send it and then it would say that the code is wrong. Right, Right. Yeah. So right now this is what we have spent $881 in the last 30 days. Yes. Okay. And what was the revenues last? Like 30 days? Like what, like 2500 USD? Okay. Yeah, 5400. So we are at low like 16% already. 16.3. Okay. US is very competitive, so we have to do something. Yeah, even 15 wouldn't cut it. You can, you can see that. Yeah, well, and even that. So, so if we move the US to 20 with kind of just the expectation of like, let's get our legs under us again on these core items, like these variety packs, which I think are going to be the bread and butter of the US as well. Let's do that and see if we're able to get back some traction now that we've rationalized hard some of these and we just have a few variety. We have the two snacks to go items and then I think we still have the chickpea and fava variety pack and the Camelina oil. So fewer SKUs and you can move to 20%. Sure. 20% in the U.S. awesome. Okay, well, thank you for that. Yeah, no, I know. And it's been a. Because it's kind of at the end of the day, there's sort of been a balance of. Okay, let's just rationalize and see where we're kind of like coming out here. And now that we have and we have the new item up now let's spend some money. Meanwhile, what I'm watching very closely is as you start to spend show home, we want to see how that growth rate is going to start moving because we have the like for us too. We're moving through a. We're kicking off another manufacturing expansion because we capacity wise are like running 24 7. So as we watch Amazon scale, like I want to understand what that growth could look like and that's hoping that's what I want to see out of this. So up the budget 5%. Now that we've rationalized, continue your testing to find out what we could actually do with more budget. So if we were to turn on Amazon in a greater way, what do we think we could actually do? And that's what I want for my 2026 plan. Because we're so we just kicked off budget season and over the next two months before our board meeting, the question is going to be like, okay, Alicia, Amazon, so you've grown this much. You're spending this Much if we want to. What could Amazon do for us for 2026? And I want to be able to say we spent a little more. We believe that if I can even throw a little more budget at it, I could see 50% growth next year. Right. Like, that's kind of the story I want to tell. So over the next, over the next little while with this additional budget, if you can help me to tell that story, then that would be good. Yeah, yeah. I know you have to go right now, but one little thing. It's not just about the advertisement and we'll have a discussion about this later on, but there are. I was doing, looking at some of our competitors, for example. Go Beans. One thing that was really surprising to me, they would participate in lightning deals every month. They don't even skip any month. They would participate in those deals every month with their almost with their best sellers or even their new launches. And I think that may have worked in their favor when it comes to growth. So I'm not sure how that will work out for us, but we can also probably do some testing in the future and see how it does for us. And what was that specifically? That's that 10% discount that you give off. No. So we can even cancel that if that is too much to. I mean, to continue doing everything together. But it's lightning deal. So it runs for two hours. Yeah, yeah. And re educate me. We've definitely run lightning deals in the past. So re educate me. It's just a deep discount that we put on for like three days or for like a week. And they're doing it monthly. No, so. Okay, it just runs for 12 days. So the. Okay. On Amazon you get to choose. Maybe I'll just share my screen. That would be easier. Yeah. Okay. I think we are. Okay. Advertising and then price. Sorry, it's not the prime discount deals deals. And this is. These are all the deals that we can participate in. And these are lightning deals. These are lightning deals and some are base deals. So these run for a day and these run for 12 hours or so. And yeah, you can tap them too, right? Like you can set a limited number. Oh, yes. Yeah, you can set how many. I've seen that on Amazon where it'll say like this deal is like 74 claimed or whatever. Yeah, yeah, exactly. And you see they are giving us these options from now on for Cyber Monday, Black Friday, way ahead of time. And these may not be okay. So this is Amazon saying that we can do this. This is Amazon recommending these. Okay. Yes. Yeah. So what Go Beams does. What's the discount on them? Show Home. When you do a Lightning deal, is there a minimum discount you have to give? Well, this will suggest the minimum discount price. Yes. Generally, I'll say 20. Around 20%, let's say. Yeah. Really varies, but around 20, let's say. Yeah. Okay. It's wild how they. That Atamame, I feel like those are our biggest competitors on specifically Canada. Hey, those Edamame packs. Because they're just like on sale all the time. Yeah, they are, whether I look at like on my personal account. So. Right. Like, I'm getting the, like the accounts that are suggesting, like, here are the deals or in the back end, like, when I'm looking competitors. Every time those are on sale, it's frustrating. And the macros are like, not terrible. So it's kind of crappy. And so in terms of like a lightning deals promotional strategy there, show home, like, what would you say in terms of frequency of something like that? Well, we definitely have to come up with something more structured. So I will not just tell you something right now. But yeah, well, it's about testing. So if they are doing once a month, should we do once a month and see how that does? Maybe. And then depending on the result, we'll decide what to do, how to continue. Mm. Okay. Yeah, so because basically what it is, it's building out a promotional strategy for Amazon is what it is. Which honestly would be really great again, going into the. We should have it already for this year and then going into next year activate something like that too. So do you think Show Home for our next meeting, could you structure almost like a. Just a template or whatever on a promotional strategy for three farmers? And maybe it's lightning deals or this 10 subscription or subscribe and say. I don't know what that kind of looks like, but what are the options in terms of you think that are good? Because I know there's a thousand options, but like, what are the top five or whatever that you think are good for three farmers? And within those, what's good for what items? And then we can talk about frequency of when we should do it. Like, yeah, we can do a higher frequency to test it and then lower that cadence. Maybe we do a higher frequency for new items to drive trial. So yeah, if you kind of want to just plot recommendation and then we can. We can key it in together. Yeah, yeah, that would be good. Awesome. All right, well, thank you so much. I will. Oh, and then just a reminder. So the US one, the forecast tab is there, but the forecast numbers and the actuals are not updated. Not there. So, yeah, if you want to just update and take a look at that tab. Okay, sure. Yeah. Because, like. Yeah, I literally see nothing. Like. So here's the US One. There's no. Oh, wait. Sorry. Okay. I think it depends on the items. Yeah. I was like, I'm in, like, June. Okay. Sorry. I was looking at the last year. Okay. Apologies for that. It's there. No problem. Yeah. Okay. Perfect. Thank you. Okay. Yeah. Thank you so much. Have a good day. Yeah, you too. See you in two weeks. Bye now. Come on.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Hi, Anubak, how are you?

Speaker B: Morning, Brittany. I'm good. Good morning, Soham.

Speaker A: How are you?

Speaker C: Doing well. How are you guys?

Speaker D: Good.

Speaker A: Are you guys still in a heat wave in Ontario?

Speaker C: Heat wave? We had it. But not last week or this week, the week before. Was it last week? I forgot. But there, there was a time when it was really, really hot.

Speaker D: Yeah, I left like the day before.

Speaker C: Oh.

Speaker A: I was there for like 48 hours and then just heard some concerts and then literally left and then that's when there was like a. There was a heat warning the day that I was there, but it was still okay.

Speaker C: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, you were in Toronto.

Speaker A: Yeah. Have you ever been to that, that Canada place? Like that Budweiser stage?

Speaker C: Huh?

Speaker A: Yeah, I was saying too. I was complaining to everyone. Good morning, Alicia. Happy birthday.

Speaker D: Oh yeah, thanks.

Speaker B: Oh, happy birthday.

Speaker D: Thanks.

Speaker C: Oh, I saw one post on LinkedIn. It was yesterday. Right.

Speaker D: He likes to publicly celebrate my age.

Speaker A: But to be fairness, I only left there was like one funny photo of you holding the ranch chickpeas. And then I only left that one on Facebook. Back up.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, because Bucker like reordered the way in which it posted. So there were some of them where that one was the first photo and I was like, no, that can't be the first photo.

Speaker D: Oh God.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker D: Okay. I actually have Natasha just listening in for the first little bit as well. Just for some of the. Where I'm just. We're on holidays this week, Shoham, so I'm in a little bunky right now and stuff too. And I apologize if I'm not super prepared for the conversation today. But we'll kick things off because I know Annab has brought up sent in advance some information regarding just the change to the six pack on the snacks to go. And then we'll just go over inventory and make sure that we're flowing as we need. Nice haircut. And above, your hair looks nice.

Speaker B: Okay, so I'm thinking first we'll start with the labeling issue and then we can move to our inventory discussion. So let me share my screen real quick. Okay, so the first issue is for the new snacks to go. 28 grams that was sent across to Calgary. So in this one the defect was that they were unable to scan the barcode. So it shows barcode cannot be scanned. And to resolve the defect they mentioned about the quality and the place where you sticker the barcode. So ideally we have been putting. So let's say this is my bag and we have been putting somewhere between beneath the Logo and the white area. This is a 15 grams but not a 28 grams bag. But there is a space and there we put it. Now the issue is this is a bag. Right. And technically this is not a flat surface. I don't know will Amazon treat this as a flat surface or not? Because this is a physical label that goes on to the vac. So do you think there could be a scan level issues? But again Amazon has for now received it and marked it as sellable. So there were defects found. Necessary steps were taken by Amazon to remedy the situation and receive your inventory. So inventory was received but the entire process took time.

Speaker D: So Annabelle visit. And it's the barcode on the. Because it's in six packs. Right. So is there a barcode on the outer and the inner. It's the inner barcode that's the in like the sale unit. It's not.

Speaker B: Not the box.

Speaker D: Not the six pack case. Okay. So it has nothing to do really actually with the change to the six pack. It actually has nothing to do with that.

Speaker B: And let me double check on how we sent this one. Let me do a quick check. 100% was six pack but let me do 8y6.

Speaker D: Oh and then they said necessary steps were taken. So they received it. And you're seeing it fulfill to be salable.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: So then our concern is. Yeah, it was saying the next shipment is what you're kind of saying like is this the US and this is

Speaker B: Canada, right, Annabelle, this is Canada and additionally not all. And it was partial. So we had sent to them 300 units and the defect was for 50% of stock. So we had sent. This is my shipment list. So I'd sent 300 units and which is 650 master cases for this particular FPS shipment ending with GMV. And this is the FPA shipment ending with the GMV and it shows 144 units. So our process is not wrong. Had our process been wrong, the entire quantity would have been flagged and not a partial.

Speaker D: So you're saying the other half is fully received on time, no issues just as. And so is there anything production wise we did differently on different production days.

Speaker B: So I tried to check. So nothing was done differently. But I have some other examples after this where we identified where they. They were missing barcodes on the backs.

Speaker E: Okay. So there was in some cases a new bob where there is an error here. We just, we just didn't. There was missed barcodes on the beds. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Yes.

Speaker D: This 144 is unit. It's not cases.

Speaker E: Right.

Speaker D: It's not the case. Okay. So that's probably the issue that they identified some missing put it back in the case and.

Speaker B: And probably they must have relabeled the bags. But they did not mention because this is pretty vague and open. I have some other examples where they were pretty specific on what was the issue.

Speaker E: Okay. So it says what the common issues are here. Barcode, label placement, quality and format issues. So we know it's probably not formatting or even quality because they were all printed at the same time.

Speaker D: Right.

Speaker E: In Newbot and half are received. And I'm wondering if it's placement on the bag. Do we know where they're placing these on the bag when they.

Speaker B: Oh yeah. So this is not a 28 grams bag but they are placed just below the three farmers black in the white portion area there is a blank white area and they are putting it here.

Speaker E: Okay. And consistently doing that.

Speaker B: Hey, yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: I mean go ahead show homie.

Speaker C: Yeah. I have a question. So first of all, the barcode that you're referring to, are you referring to the FNSQ barcode?

Speaker B: FNSKU barcode.

Speaker C: Okay. And you know what the ideal placement is to hide the UPC barcode. And then with this FNSQ barcode not

Speaker B: that is where that is what I learned from some other examples that I'm going to pop up. So there is a barcode at the bottom which is our UPC ean. So do we need to cover this?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: It's supposed to have just one barcode.

Speaker E: Yeah. Okay. So that it's not confusing for whoever is picking it probably on Amazon's end

Speaker D: big enough to cover that. But we've never done that on any of our items, have we?

Speaker B: I'll show you another example. Soham. So let us come back to this FBA example. So and this was our box label and this is what our FNSQ label for this particular shipment. Another example Amazon US at this time we had sent 15 grams of.15 grams snack bag. And this time we did not ship as six pack but one unit in a. In one box. Like one unit each. They were shipped on 12th of May and they identified missing barcode on 22 units. So that means it was missing and they identified what. What was the expected barcode? Expected barCode is the FNSQ that begins with X and actual barcode is 67933. So I was like this 67933 is the bag here it is exactly the same number that shows here. So that is where it was Confusing. So they identified that only 22 units were missing. So if our label placement is an issue, they would not have received the entire shipment. So they did receive the balance shipment. Only 22 were marked as flat.

Speaker D: So I don't think what almost sounds we need to cover it depends on. It almost sounds like it depends on who's the Amazon worker. Some of them are, are looking elsewhere and understand that there can be confusion. But then some of them are like highly regulating and saying like no, this is confusing. So that's kind of what it sounds like to me. So I think way forward here unless we, I think we, we need to look at our process and above of, you know, just mitigating that risk of confusion and move our stickers to the UPC or do something that covers the other upc which ideally we're not doing two stickers. It's just one that does both jobs.

Speaker B: So in that case. Cause our labels that comes off the sizes are pretty like they will go just. They won't cover the full barcode area, they'll just cover a partial of it.

Speaker D: Yeah. Which is standard ratio. I mean can we make it bigger?

Speaker C: Something that covers the entire thing? If I don't know what kind of. I mean what I did before a long time ago was I think it get those paper. Sorry, you just print these barcodes and you can pull out the stickers from those papers. Right. I don't know if you're using something similar.

Speaker D: Well even I wonder like this is just for Amazon, this bag, right? Like would you just take the freaking barcode off?

Speaker E: No, I think that's okay. But, but honestly we can just like this is this.

Speaker D: We'll take it back to production. Annabove. And the question is, how do we want to handle this? We can't have two barcodes so we need to get rid of it. Is it its own blank sticker or do we make the labels bigger and cover it?

Speaker B: Another probable discussion that I had with Neil was I'm not sure how it works, but would we be looking at bags pre designed with Amazon barcode specifically

Speaker D: instead of not at this time because this SKU will be sold elsewhere. So. But when, maybe in future when Amazon is, you know, a million dollars per ski, then maybe, then maybe that's where we start saying like hey now we should really just separate it. Right. But right now it's shared. So the manual, additional manual touch makes more sense.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker D: Okay. So next steps on that is we will take that to production and saying how and we'll have to put that across because we don't already share the details. That example that you showed was that the 15 times 30 gram or that was the 28 gram because we've never

Speaker B: had that issue with the 15 was a gram shipment. 15 gram shipment and that to one unit not even six pack.

Speaker D: Okay, okay, got you. So that was an example of a different item. Same.

Speaker B: But my learning is if any shipment has an issue, Amazon will delay the process of receiving it. So it has shipped on time. It was received on time. But if there is an issue they will not close that process until a month. Yeah, so if I track it like it was shipped on 12th of May and it was closed just recently. And the last example is we shipped another 28 grams shipment. Let me see whether it was us. And in this the identified case was instead of the FNSKU they found an ASIN barcode which is confusing to me that where do we get an ASIN barcode from

Speaker C: which SKU is this?

Speaker B: And this is like us snacks to go 28 grams.

Speaker C: Oh okay.

Speaker B: And shipped on July 7th like it was a six pack box. We just. Sorry, shipment was closed on July 7th and we shipped on 29th of April. 20 cases we shipped with six packs. So total 120 units and 12 units got identified as error with barcode of ah Asin which is super confusing because none of my bags would have Asin barcode on it.

Speaker E: Again, could this have been missed or messed up in production? Anuba.

Speaker B: But again, where will the ASIN label come? That's what I'm not even printed.

Speaker E: Is it. Is it even possible? I don't know the. I don't know it well enough to print the labels. Is it. Is it even possibility?

Speaker B: So I took an example. I went to my folders where we printed. So we took exact sequence number of the fnsq. It matches with what the expected barcode is. And I written dedicated folders for printing the label so it matches exactly.

Speaker E: Okay, so but so you don't physically print the labels. This went to the back shop and they printed them. But you have to clear electronic folders denoting. But let's remember if this was created. When was this created?

Speaker D: April.

Speaker B: This was shipped on 29th of April.

Speaker E: Like that was in the omit.

Speaker D: Like yeah, there was a lot going on back there. Yeah, I wonder if that fell. I have a feeling this is an issue in production. So we'll just have to just maybe just take it to the production team and really just look at our Amazon issue and identify where there's risk in Translating labels, creating labels, printing labels, UPCs and just close those.

Speaker E: For instance, the new Bob, who's doing it right now, who's printing for right now,

Speaker B: Omid is printing the labels.

Speaker E: Okay. I suggest like it looks like we're doing the right things and we found a learning here of covering the barcodes to stop confusion on their end. Why don't you and I anubhav when I build the build for that Monday, not this coming Monday, the Monday after or Tuesday, whatever day. Why don't we just shadow or at least Brenda shadow the movement of these labels through production and we might identify some areas of risk or some question marks that haven't been answered on Omid then that he needs to understand. So we'll just do more close monitoring of this next one.

Speaker D: Yeah. Maybe do some training, right?

Speaker E: Yeah, some training.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. Okay, that's it. Those were the three examples that were marked as defects. Yeah. And then I come back to the inventory chart. So starting with. Let's start with Amazon Canada.

Speaker D: So this is the fulfillment that he goes over.

Speaker E: Yes. Okay. I looked at this this morning, a new Bob and added my comments, but

Speaker D: happy to hear yours.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. So have you updated the sheet? You mean are you on me? Have you updated the account?

Speaker E: No, no, I just sent my comments to you in an email.

Speaker B: Yeah, I saw that. Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. So for Amazon Canada, so again focusing on the hero SKUs marked in yellow. So let me just collapse this number real quick. So okay, so my suggestion was for Camelina Oil. So for the five liter bags, you remember Soham we had recalled but now that Unfulfillable is also gone. So if I just show here that nothing is there and unfulfillable. So right now if you remember we sent 30, we tried to recall 28 who were sold. But there is no transaction records of any units whatsoever. And physically we haven't received any box so far.

Speaker C: Yeah. So the 28 units we tried to create return orders and the first one, first attempt was canceled. The second attempt was successful. So you'll be receiving those soon.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker D: What soon show how like the. So the rejected ones, like is that like when you say soon like so the courier has them like.

Speaker C: Yeah, what I'll do is I just generated one report with the tracking id so I'll just forward those to you.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker C: So that you can track.

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker D: Thanks.

Speaker B: And. And how many shipments There will be multiple.

Speaker C: Right? So there will be. Yeah, there can be. So let me just open up this report for a second. Yeah, no, they're just sending one shipment, so. Yeah, everything in one shipment.

Speaker B: So do you. No, no, no.

Speaker C: Multiple shipments. Sorry about that. Sorry. Yeah, there are 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 shipments.

Speaker B: 10 shipments. Okay. Yeah. Of course they come from different DCs. Now issue is. So do you want me to try with the same listing, same code as a small parcel shipment to Canada?

Speaker C: Yeah, like we had that.

Speaker B: Should I send five minutes?

Speaker C: Yeah, five minutes using ups. Amazon partnered ups.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, let me try doing that with the same listing and see what happens to it. But yeah, I'll just keep it to five numbers.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, perfect. Then talking about the chickpeas. So chickpeas in total, including the shipment that we are sending today, the total number of units will be sitting at 300 and the numbers from last one month is 78. So I think there is no need to replenish them unless there is. Your forecast says otherwise.

Speaker C: Yeah, I think that one is good. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. Now my concerns are when I'm seeing big quantity in fulfillment center transfer. So for example this particular SKU of 30 pack 15 grams snacks to go thousand units. Thousand plus units are showing in fulfillment center intra transfer. Is this a concern? Like should we plan to send more or. This should not be a concern.

Speaker C: I'm concerned about that and I think we should just keep planning according to the forecast. So if our lead time for example is four weeks then you can just plan the production accordingly.

Speaker B: Yeah. So we sold thousand, close to thousand units in last one month and including everything in transit. We are not sending anything and we are not working on. There is no open order. There is one being received for 36 units but otherwise we are looking at this number 3355. So should we plan like let's say 7002000 another or do you think it's good?

Speaker E: So Shoham show. Can you pull up the forecast that you're.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker E: Saying produce to the forecast. What forecast? Can I see it?

Speaker D: Yeah, I just. I have the dashboard up Showham. But why does the actuals to forecast tab disappear sometimes?

Speaker B: Yeah, I was unable to see the forecast yesterday so otherwise I was thinking to put that column in as well. But I don't see the forecast. Excel.

Speaker C: Sorry about that. So it's. I think we'll have to. I'm just doing it right now so you can see now I think it's just that whenever we update we have to hide that for our process. But then we. I think we should add one more state that we also have to unhide it okay.

Speaker D: Yeah. So yeah, if you can always just triple check that. That's because that's literally the one that we all look at here. So we're talking about the 30 grams, right? So yeah, again, Tasha, when we say like the agreement is three months worth, so it likely will say a thousand dollar forecast here, where are we at?

Speaker E: Which line is the forecast?

Speaker D: Okay, the forecast here.

Speaker E: And these are.

Speaker D: So yeah, he's upped it. So yeah, you went in because you went in recently and reforecasted show home. Right. So now we're saying for July 1350, 1400. Okay.

Speaker E: That's what you're expecting it to sell. Not telling us what to expecting to

Speaker D: sell, which is so what we need available. And then we've discussed just try to keep three months filled, keep the pipe filled up. Three months worth.

Speaker E: Yeah. So a new Bob, what I'm planning for next week build like not next week. The first thing, the next week would be like the 1600 units is kind of the cadence we're in, whatever that works into six packs. 300, I think. And that gets you up to almost your three months. Yeah, my question was more about like, that one's pretty, like, I would say like normal for me. I'm a little bit new.

Speaker D: 128 grams.

Speaker E: I'm a little bit lost on. I'm like, okay, is it part of prime? Is it not part of Prime?

Speaker D: It is because it has five stars.

Speaker E: So then we absolutely need to get some product in there. Right. Because it's only 180. There's only 360 available.

Speaker B: Right. Okay. So 38 grams. Yeah, this is just 38 grams. It shows. So. So we are sending.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Units.

Speaker D: Yeah. So available inbound. Yeah.

Speaker E: Okay. Okay.

Speaker D: Yeah. So because we talked about that last time because prime slows things down too. So we filled that. That's why we were, you know, kind of pressing hard on an above last time and saying you got to get these.

Speaker E: That's good.

Speaker D: Yeah. So you're actually pretty good there. And then I see here show home you up it. You upped it to. Yeah, 400 units month over month.

Speaker C: That's right. Yeah. We already did 314 units in the last 30 days. Because it's Friday.

Speaker D: Oh, yeah. Okay. How many units in the last days?

Speaker C: 314 units.

Speaker D: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And you know what? This item is highly successful at Costco right now too. And on like I do even, I think even the 400 month over month, I think that's going to scale quick. I think so.

Speaker C: It may happen. Yeah. And Also the best seller ranking, it has really improved recently because of our Prime Day participation. So one more thing to observe is how it remains after the prime day is over and if it still remains almost at the same level, the forecast definitely needs to be reviewed. So one more thing that I wanted to add here is maybe as a buffer we should produce some quantity so that we are, you know, we have enough inventory even after the prime day is over and then our sales repls.

Speaker D: So when you say buffer like one month's worth 400.

Speaker C: That's usually something around that. 400 or 500 units. Something around that, yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker D: You can plan that in 28 grams. Up to 28 grams.

Speaker B: Yeah. I'll mention 400 to 500 units then.

Speaker D: We talked about that. He's going to try and use an Amazon partner and it's being returned. Okay, perfect.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: The short term.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker D: I wonder if part of that bag

Speaker E: in box issue is that we're again

Speaker D: not taping over the barcode. Potentially. Yeah, we should look at that.

Speaker E: So we'll start implementing that also. So sorry Anubhav, I gotta run here. But as a follow up just on the process and procedure of labeling and such, I think you, me and Brenda should just have a quick connect maybe mid next week as we're prepping for the next Amazon run. Do you want to just take care of scheduling that?

Speaker B: My only concern is there is three pallets being picked like being dispatched today.

Speaker E: Yeah, that's okay. I mean it'll be. I mean worst case, you're gonna get these defects. Do they charge us back for fixing those? They must.

Speaker B: So they say that if it keeps on repeating there will be a fee and even that. And if it keeps on happening even after that, then probably they will block this SKU for some time unless we assure them or prove them. Prove like steps of how we are going to rectify it.

Speaker E: Okay. You said it's picking up today, Anub. Is that what you said?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker E: I think you got to let that go. And let's micromanage this next order and really observe what's going on.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker E: I'm gonna run.

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. Okay.

Speaker E: Thanks guys.

Speaker B: But I mentioned that comment also for this new 28 gram show on that the defects was which had developed. It shows 300 units were shipped now received as full but flagged as Parco. Cannot be scanned. Necessary steps were taken and everything is eligible for Amazon prime sale. So.

Speaker C: Okay, that's good.

Speaker B: So that's a good. That's good news. That it's eligible for sale. And that is why we had this 300 plus showing as available, which was not showing till last week. Okay, coming back to the next SKU, which is lentils for it. Pack of three. So we had 36 units sold in last one month. And including everything that we are, everything that is in transit and already delivered, we are sitting at 85 units. So that is close to two and a half months. So I'm thinking to add another 24 units here. And then for our two pack camelina oil, we are sitting at 108 units sold in last one month and we are sitting at total units of 230. So I would like to up that quantity by sending another close to a pallet which is like 96 units because

Speaker A: this one also is on prime days. So just a heads up.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay. Okay. So you're saying that the numbers will

Speaker A: pull hard because it's 20% off, which we haven't had on oil in a while. Obviously this one is on Amazon, so.

Speaker B: So maybe 120.

Speaker A: I'll leave that to you and Alicia. But just wanted to point that out.

Speaker D: Yeah. It has good shelf leases in the bottles. Right. So we've sold 108 in the last 30 days. Is that how much has been selling over the prime days? How long does prime days? When does it end?

Speaker A: It ends tomorrow.

Speaker D: It ends tomorrow?

Speaker C: Yeah, tomorrow.

Speaker A: Hang on, I just pulled the report of what has been sold since then. Hang on. So we've sold 28 since the 8th, which is when it started.

Speaker D: Yeah. Okay, we have two months worth in there. I think you're okay at the 96 right now, Annaba. But when we come back next week then we'll. Or the next call, we'll see if we need to pump that up.

Speaker B: Yeah. And another like again I highlighted that I saw a big quantity in fulfillment center transfers. So yeah. Okay. For power variety three pack, we are sitting at over three months. So I didn't plan anything unless your forecast is otherwise. Johan?

Speaker C: No, I think it's okay.

Speaker B: Okay,

Speaker A: great.

Speaker B: So for snacks to go, I'll just do 1600 units for our 15 grams and then 400 to 500 units for our 20. 28 grams for Canada.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay, let's freeze that. And then coming Back to Amazon, U.S. power beans for 80 pack. Pack of three. We have more than three months stock. So I haven't had any recommendation like we sold 21 units in last one month and we are sitting at 98 units. Then snap to go. 15 grams for us 78 units sold in last one month and sitting at 279 units. So slightly over three months. But again with prime days, do you think is there a need for a smaller shipment maybe or that's.

Speaker D: It's not a participant, it's not participating in prime days. So you're probably fine there for now. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, again, a two pack Camelina oil for us it's. The numbers were like 16, but again I'm not sure how. Is it a. Is it a four star plus rating for us, Emily?

Speaker D: I think it is, yeah.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. So I mean we have more than enough I think. But if at all you need, maybe I can send 20 units which is like 10 cases. But even that is not needed. So I'll leave it to the discussion.

Speaker D: Yeah, I think you're okay right now.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, I'll just remove 20 also. For this number. Shoham, Like the one which I was showing the example to you that 22 units were having that barcode error and 289 units were recently received. So where does that number go? Does it go in available now or what is the timing of it? Like how trustworthy is this report? This is Yesterday's report. And 289 units were recently received like in their system. So I'm not 100 sure where that number is work because definitely there is again real time sales happening. So I think it is available column which might have sold some units.

Speaker C: Okay, so here's what I'll do about. I will do about that. I think instead of looking at the Manage Inventory page, we should look at the Manage Shipments page and there we should keep a track of how many units we shipped versus how many they received. And this is important by the way, sometimes they damage our inventory, sometimes they lose our inventory.

Speaker B: So if any of those, they keep on investigating.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: And then they ask for a refund. Yeah, they do that. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: So sometimes they miss. They don't do it automatically. So it's really a good idea to keep an eye on what's going on. And if something's missing, it's our responsibility to create a case and ask for that reimbursement. So yeah, I suggest that you keep an eye on the Manage inventory. Sorry Manage Shipments page and then see how many we sent versus how many they received. And if you see that it's still missing after the shipment is closed, that is the time.

Speaker B: But problem is the timeline, Shroham, that that one particular shipment gets closed in even three months time.

Speaker C: I know, yeah.

Speaker B: So that is the problem that they Keep on. And they find it after two and a half months. I've seen that.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: On the numbers that if it is one or two pieces even they will keep on open. Like keep that as open until they find or close the full case scenario.

Speaker C: Okay. If that's happening, we are okay. But if not, that's when we have to create those claims. I mean,

Speaker B: Okay then for the new snacks to go. 28 grams for us currently showing 87 units available.

Speaker C: Yeah, I think we're good. It's not selling that much. In fact, it's not selling at all.

Speaker B: Why?

Speaker C: I think we need to advertise it properly. So budget is a problem in the

Speaker D: U.S. yeah, in the U.S. okay, we'll talk about that.

Speaker B: Okay. So no need to replenish this one you're saying, right? No, no. Okay. And again, I had the same confusion for this that 128,120units received as per Amazon's portal yesterday it was showing 120 they received and 1212 they marked as unfulfillable but available. It only shows 87. So I'm like, where does that number match up? It's like same day report. But again, I don't have any answers to that.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker B: Because this should definitely be hundred plus. When it in terms of column of available,

Speaker C: it's, it's. I ignore these number. Just keep an eye on the Manage Shipments page because it's quite complicated. The process that they follow is quite complicated. So I just keep track of the manager, the number that they're showing on the Manage Shipments page. And if that is okay.

Speaker B: No, but. But once shipment gets received, that automatically incorporates into available column.

Speaker C: Not always.

Speaker B: I'll tell you.

Speaker C: Yeah, well, you know what, Anuphav, if you really want to understand what's going on with every number, there's something called inventory ledger and you can download daily ledger and there you can see all the movements that are happening. So displacements, they call it displacements that are happening. So if they change, let's say one unit, even one unit from available to reserved, it will show there. Or if they identify anything as defective, it will show up there or unfulfillable. Everything is there recorded there. So if you really want to want to understand what's going on, you need to download that report and see what's going on on there.

Speaker B: But.

Speaker D: And it just sounds like everything takes longer in the U.S. it like we'll go to the U.S. it's like you lose visibility for a little while. Unless you want to go into every number like that like. Because that's a big country.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: What I was trying to understand from you, Soham is like since we are doing it every week, Right. For my inventory check and health in terms of how much units are we sitting at? So I thought this report is one place like in single view pane I can see different numbers playing together. So that is why I always rely on this one rather than multiple shipments because it adds to your time of decision making of how many numbers to plan. Right.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: So do you still think this is a reliable report in terms of how we are currently planning?

Speaker C: This is a reliable report except for the last 30 days sales. So if you could just use a business report and then use Vlookup to import those numbers here. This is a very reliable report. And apart from that, I would really not be that much worried about what's happening with all those units.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, got it. You know it is. And last SKU to discuss was our chickpeas variety pack. We are sitting at like there is. We are actually.

Speaker D: Yeah, you're fine there for now too.

Speaker C: Yeah, a little bit more actually because it's. It's been a while that is out of stock and that's why the last 30 sales is 40. Otherwise it could be more. Yeah.

Speaker B: So I'd say yeah, I had added 20. I had added 20. But again, should I make it 40?

Speaker C: Like 50 or 60 would be a good place to be at this point.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker A: Perfect. Great.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker D: Anything else on this side, Annabh?

Speaker B: No, I'm good. Okay.

Speaker D: So yeah, biggest thing is shadowing that process on the barcode labeling and just identifying areas because I do wonder if that is part of the 5 liter issue as well. So when we start looking at those, we should keep that in mind that 5 liter camelina oil.

Speaker B: But we don't just see resolution from them. Like at least here we had some comments, but in that one there is no comment. It just goes to.

Speaker D: Yeah, but again it's something needs to be practiced across all ASINs.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, cool.

Speaker D: Okay, I'll talk to you later. Thank you.

Speaker B: Okay, thanks Micro. Yeah.

Speaker D: And then Shoham and. And Brittany, because I do have a hard stop at 10 today or whatever, but two things I wanted to chat about. Number one, one of them budget, where we're at on that and how we can allocate more especially with what's going on in the U.S. so interesting that you brought that up, Shoham. And two, I just wanted to give you a quick look into show home into the. The rebrand and the timing of that. Because what we'll have to structure is our plan on the imaging and the deadlines and stuff of when things need to be ready so that we balance that with Amazon and make sure that we don't have any rejects or anything because our image is not the same. I'm just going to pull up on that first quickly here. I'm going to share my screen for a second.

Speaker A: If you don't like the design, it's too late show way too late.

Speaker D: Can you see my screen?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker D: So after I'm not going to go through the whole sort of like the whole thing. So this has been like a over a six month project and it basically started back with three farmers looking at our, our positioning. And so that's where we contracted with Susie and she was working with us a lot of consumer and concept testing around positioning. And so the positioning, basically our three farmers harnesses the power of farm grown. That farm grown authentic story of three farmers is really where we landed in terms of positioning but also moving forward understanding you are a snack, you are high protein and you need to look like you taste good. So how do we make this farm grown story not so grounded with a farmer on pack like a little more snacky? I guess kind of. And so when we went all the way down to pack test, we had like literally went through so many different iterations. The last test we went out was these two different versions where one was really just an evolution of making sure protein was louder, Canadian was louder, flavor was a little bit louder with color blocking and then a little more of a revolution that sort of changed out the farm equity to be a little bit friendlier, lighter, approachable, but still calls out the protein and fiber and treated the food a little bit different. So this pack A is what came out winning. We tested in both Canada and the U.S. and then we did some shelf which is not as important for, for Amazon testing. But so basically just to give you the final, final because I'm just revision, revising some. This is the final, this one here on the left because we wanted the protein a little bit louder is the, the new look that we're starting to roll out this week across the packs. So that's what you can kind of expect. And then once it gets onto packaging then we have all of our digital assets right in terms of like our Amazon pages, our Amazon content, our website pages, any sort of static posts or things like that will be all part of that. So through the months of July and August, it is like fast going across the packaging. So we'll want to kind of start building our task list of what ass in what order for the Amazon pages. Because obviously you have product images, product pages, a plus content storefront. How like we'll maybe come together on our next meeting. I can kind of start a list and you can have or if maybe you have a list show home. It's almost like your whole list of like listing a new item. We have to just follow that and make sure we've checked all the boxes.

Speaker C: Okay, and is this going to be for the existing SKUs? We are going to update the existing Skus packaging.

Speaker D: Good question. Yes. So we call it the core. So chickpeas favas are the priority of a July. So our core in July and then we're moving into snack mixes. So I'm just going to pull up actually the high level timeline for you here. So in terms of like innovation and all these. So yes, the rebrand, we're looking at everything. Three farmers. Every pack that we sell is going to be rebranded in this look and timeline of that. So we're hoping that we go live on E Commerce in November. Like we will have all assets completed, done. So we will be shipping out to stores, we will be shipping into E Commerce. And so because right now we're just in pack design then we have to go to print and all the lead times of all of that. So our target work back date is November. Then on top of that, simultaneously with this item we do have three multi pack items that we are working on which is so you have the variety pack and so this would be an item we want to talk. So our variety pack, it's just each individual flavor broken down into more of like a grocery channel size. So it's for instance five sweet chili favas in a small size, smaller bag size. I don't know if this item has value on Amazon given that we we sell the big bag, but we can think about that. So there'll be one with five packs of sweet chili in it, there'll be one with five packs of barbecue in it. And there'll be one with five packs of dill pickle in it.

Speaker C: How much will be the price point?

Speaker D: The price point at grocery. Good question. Let me get that because Natasha just finished that pricing exercise. But it will be like, I want to say I grocery for five of those. I want to say it was like 8.99 to 9.99. Under 10 bucks.

Speaker C: Yeah, I don't think this will be a good candidate for Amazon at that price point. So yeah.

Speaker D: Well, and then. So my question for Amazon would be though, would we bundle them like so you would like you could do like. So say we want sweet chili is like a hot seller. You have to buy three. Three of them or something. I don't know. But yeah, like the variety pack is the winner. It's basically the same flavors and even bigger. So maybe there is no value in it. But if you do see value, we could bundle them and they buy three or whatever it is.

Speaker C: Is it something that you can do on our end that we will bundle three of these together and ship them to Amazon?

Speaker D: Yeah, like the same way we do our chickpea variety pack. Right. We take three flavors, put them in a box. So we would take three.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. So it can be a.

Speaker D: Just something to think on.

Speaker C: Sure.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker D: So yeah, I just wanted to bring awareness to that in terms of the snack mixes that's likely not ready until Q2 next year. We have to focus on the rebrand and some of these multi packs. So that will be something that will move towards in Q1 in terms of getting those products set up for ecom.

Speaker C: Got it. Okay.

Speaker D: Okay, great. And then so let's just chat budget quickly. So can you just show me. Show just a little bit about what you're spending in the US And Canada right now. And I know last time we had the conversation it was more about like you have the 10% rule, but how could we go up to 15, 20 and where would we want to do that? Definitely in the US I know that too, but. But yeah. Do you want to show me what your spend is right now across the two and.

Speaker C: Yeah, sure. Give me one moment.

Speaker A: Also, I hadn't seen that last iteration with like the protein blownup that just

Speaker D: came in today because we're like. So this week we're like fast tracking. Like we have to lock the pack. So there's actually a back of pack image. There's a. We did the back of pack Copy. I should just snap that over to you, Brittany. I just went through that this morning. To keep them rolling. Yeah.

Speaker A: And the tractor in the field being pushed, like removing the 120 grams and moving it over. I feel like I didn't realize that never bothered me before. But then once I saw the after, I'm like, okay, now this hurts my brain. Like it looks so much better the way it is now.

Speaker D: Like more across the bottom. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah, I'll show you. I'll snap some shots or forward that presentation over. So I don't know why Courtney? She, she always like doesn't keep everybody on the emails that. Yeah, just keep them informed. But yeah.

Speaker C: Okay, I'll share my screen now. Okay, so can you see my screen?

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay, so let's look at Canada first. Oh, this is United States. This is Canada. And we in the last 30 days spent $5,500. It's over our budget and to compare that with our revenue, we sold 48,000. So we are at. 11.45% tacos.

Speaker A: And do you do it that like you don't go from the 1st, you go from the 10th.

Speaker C: I'm just looking at 30 days data. If you want to look at a particular month, you can also do that.

Speaker A: Yeah, I was just curious. Okay.

Speaker D: Okay. So you're just looking at most recent month. And so basically you're saying right now to what that month did in performance. We're. We're like 11 and a half percent spend. Yes. Okay. And so, and ideally. And you're saying because when we had this conversation last time, it's like, okay, this percentage is maintaining with slow. There is some growth in there. It's like slower growth, but it's like more like a maintaining. You're saying if we want to grow, it's more. If we could get between the 15, even accelerate to 20. When you, when you say growth rate show home, like what do you anticipate? Like even a 15%, 15, 16% could do, like would you start seeing maybe like month over month, 20% growth? Like

Speaker C: that's a good question. And that's.

Speaker D: You're kind of saying you have to just do it and then reforecast it.

Speaker C: Yeah, we'll have to see. It's all an experiment in my mind. So I will not be able to pinpoint that this is exactly what you can expect to see. But as we allocate the budget on the right product and in the right for the right keywords targeting and right placements, we'll have to see how they work out on our behalf. And, and depending on that, we can. We'll get an idea. Okay, so maybe this is what you can expect in the coming months.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker D: And so do you feel right now with your. This eleven and a half percent, are you feeling now that we've rationalized like you are spending that on the right products, we have the right key terms or that's what you're showing me last time, like we're only doing one sort of advertising and you'd like to get in to one or two other boxes. That's right.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: So. So if we were to say, hey, you know, starting immediately in Canada, we're comfortable to move to like 15, 16%. Does that kind of work? Does that help to start testing in some of those other.

Speaker C: Definitely helps, yes. Yes, definitely. Also, at the same time, we may need some creatives video assets, and also we'll also need some support regarding that.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: And of course, there are a lot other. Lot of other things to do too. For even for sponsored product, where we don't need creatives, we can. There are areas where you can spend and hopefully they will work out, but also we need that creative support.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker D: And so is that like when you say video, like assets for videos. So we just got you the A content for the new variety pack. You did have the video for that too. So are there. What other things are we behind on?

Speaker C: We don't have a video for the new variety pack. That's just for the old one. Yeah.

Speaker D: Oh, just for the old one. Okay. So do we want to do one for the Variety pack? Very similar to what's existing for the old one? Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker D: Any other requests like that then for

Speaker C: assets, if we have to talk about an ideal situation, then these creatives also need to be tested. So we need to create these creatives from different angles and see what works better. And also for store pages, we haven't created store page yet, but we definitely have to do that. If you want to run sponsored brand, not sponsored brand video, and also the usual banner ads, we need to have store pages set up. And also not right now, but in the future we may want to test different landing pages with the storefront. So what we'll do is we'll run sponsored brand ads and then we'll run those traffic to. Will take those traffic to the storefront pages, sub pages that will design, custom design. And it's kind of like how it works on websites. So we have to treat it as a landing page and we have to optimize that. That's not right now, but in the future. Yeah, so those are the.

Speaker D: And when you say it's not right now and in the future, do you mean because you need bigger budgets to start activating that type of advertising or.

Speaker C: Well, what I mean is I have a lot more to test before I go there.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay. Okay. And so what are you currently. When you say testing? Right. Like, what are you currently testing right now? So helm, like.

Speaker C: Well, currently it's more at the strategic level. It's more about the budget allocation. So right now, if I look at how much we are spending. I see that the, I mean the Camelin oil, we spent quite a lot. We spent close to 20% of the revenue or even a little bit more, 22% of the revenue on that product, which I don't see is working out on our, you know, in our advantage. And I think that's partially in Canada, partially because the demand for Camelina oil, it's not, we don't have that much to leverage. It's not that much in demand. That's what I'll. I have no observed. So I think that now we. And this is something that I have done very recently now I plan to take, let's say in the last 30 days we spent about $700 on that. And I'm planning to take let's say $400 from that budget and reallocate that to either of these variety packs. And also the old variety pack, we have been spending really little amount of money on that in the last few months. Close to eight.

Speaker B: The new.

Speaker D: The new one or the old one?

Speaker B: The old one.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah. So I still think that a product has more potential for growth and I'd like to spend more on that. So yeah, these are the things that we are playing around with right now and it's really something we have to pick. Out of five different options, which one do we really spend on? That's where we are right now. So even at the keyword level, which one do we spend on? Which one will give us a better leverage if we want to grow because of our limited budget?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay. Okay. So for Canada let's move to like ASAP to the 15, 16% area there on spend. Okay. And now talk to me about the

Speaker C: US Is very low.

Speaker D: I don't even know if we're.

Speaker C: It's not very low.

Speaker D: So the thing about the US that's happened in a big way because we rationalize lentils were one of those items for the US So we rationalized hard in the US and that's where we have seen a dip on the revenues in the US because of taking some of those items away. Right. So now it's about, okay, re. Re kind of refocusing on these cores.

Speaker C: So yeah, give me one moment. It doesn't add up for me for some reason. So.

Speaker A: I also wonder if it's prime days. There's just been huge glitches. Like yesterday I couldn't even get into the back end. Like you know how to ask you just to like the two step verification. It sends a message to your phone and it wouldn't. It would send it and then it would say that the code is wrong.

Speaker C: Right, Right. Yeah. So right now this is what we have spent $881 in the last 30 days. Yes.

Speaker D: Okay. And what was the revenues last? Like 30 days? Like what, like 2500 USD? Okay. Yeah, 5400.

Speaker C: So we are at low like 16% already. 16.3.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker C: US is very competitive, so we have to do something. Yeah, even 15 wouldn't cut it. You can, you can see that.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker D: well, and even that. So, so if we move the US to 20 with kind of just the expectation of like, let's get our legs under us again on these core items, like these variety packs, which I think are going to be the bread and butter of the US as well. Let's do that and see if we're able to get back some traction now that we've rationalized hard some of these and we just have a few variety. We have the two snacks to go items and then I think we still have the chickpea and fava variety pack and the Camelina oil. So fewer SKUs and you can move to 20%.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker D: 20% in the U.S. awesome.

Speaker C: Okay, well, thank you for that.

Speaker D: Yeah, no, I know. And it's been a. Because it's kind of at the end of the day, there's sort of been a balance of. Okay, let's just rationalize and see where we're kind of like coming out here. And now that we have and we have the new item up now let's spend some money. Meanwhile, what I'm watching very closely is as you start to spend show home, we want to see how that growth rate is going to start moving because we have the like for us too. We're moving through a. We're kicking off another manufacturing expansion because we capacity wise are like running 24 7. So as we watch Amazon scale, like I want to understand what that growth could look like and that's hoping that's what I want to see out of this. So up the budget 5%. Now that we've rationalized, continue your testing to find out what we could actually do with more budget. So if we were to turn on Amazon in a greater way, what do we think we could actually do? And that's what I want for my 2026 plan. Because we're so we just kicked off budget season and over the next two months before our board meeting, the question is going to be like, okay, Alicia, Amazon, so you've grown this much. You're spending this Much if we want to. What could Amazon do for us for 2026? And I want to be able to say we spent a little more. We believe that if I can even throw a little more budget at it, I could see 50% growth next year. Right. Like, that's kind of the story I want to tell. So over the next, over the next little while with this additional budget, if you can help me to tell that story, then that would be good.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: I know you have to go right now, but one little thing. It's not just about the advertisement and we'll have a discussion about this later on, but there are. I was doing, looking at some of our competitors, for example. Go Beans. One thing that was really surprising to me, they would participate in lightning deals every month. They don't even skip any month. They would participate in those deals every month with their almost with their best sellers or even their new launches. And I think that may have worked in their favor when it comes to growth. So I'm not sure how that will work out for us, but we can also probably do some testing in the future and see how it does for us.

Speaker D: And what was that specifically? That's that 10% discount that you give off. No.

Speaker C: So we can even cancel that if that is too much to. I mean, to continue doing everything together. But it's lightning deal. So it runs for two hours.

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. And re educate me. We've definitely run lightning deals in the past. So re educate me. It's just a deep discount that we put on for like three days or for like a week. And they're doing it monthly.

Speaker C: No, so. Okay, it just runs for 12 days. So the. Okay. On Amazon you get to choose. Maybe I'll just share my screen. That would be easier.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. I think we are. Okay. Advertising and then price. Sorry, it's not the prime discount deals deals. And this is. These are all the deals that we can participate in. And these are lightning deals. These are lightning deals and some are base deals. So these run for a day and these run for 12 hours or so.

Speaker D: And yeah, you can tap them too, right?

Speaker A: Like you can set a limited number.

Speaker C: Oh, yes. Yeah, you can set how many.

Speaker A: I've seen that on Amazon where it'll say like this deal is like 74 claimed or whatever.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, exactly. And you see they are giving us these options from now on for Cyber Monday, Black Friday, way ahead of time. And these may not be okay.

Speaker D: So this is Amazon saying that we can do this. This is Amazon recommending these. Okay.

Speaker C: Yes. Yeah. So what Go Beams does.

Speaker D: What's the discount on them? Show Home. When you do a Lightning deal, is there a minimum discount you have to give?

Speaker C: Well, this will suggest the minimum discount price. Yes. Generally, I'll say 20. Around 20%, let's say.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: Really varies, but around 20, let's say.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: It's wild how they. That Atamame, I feel like those are our biggest competitors on specifically Canada. Hey, those Edamame packs. Because they're just like on sale all the time. Yeah, they are, whether I look at like on my personal account. So. Right. Like, I'm getting the, like the accounts that are suggesting, like, here are the deals or in the back end, like, when I'm looking competitors. Every time those are on sale, it's frustrating. And the macros are like, not terrible. So it's kind of crappy.

Speaker D: And so in terms of like a lightning deals promotional strategy there, show home, like, what would you say in terms of frequency of something like that?

Speaker C: Well, we definitely have to come up with something more structured. So I will not just tell you something right now. But yeah, well, it's about testing. So if they are doing once a month, should we do once a month and see how that does? Maybe. And then depending on the result, we'll decide what to do, how to continue.

Speaker B: Mm.

Speaker D: Okay. Yeah, so because basically what it is, it's building out a promotional strategy for Amazon is what it is. Which honestly would be really great again, going into the. We should have it already for this year and then going into next year activate something like that too. So do you think Show Home for our next meeting, could you structure almost like a. Just a template or whatever on a promotional strategy for three farmers? And maybe it's lightning deals or this 10 subscription or subscribe and say. I don't know what that kind of looks like, but what are the options in terms of you think that are good? Because I know there's a thousand options, but like, what are the top five or whatever that you think are good for three farmers? And within those, what's good for what items? And then we can talk about frequency of when we should do it. Like, yeah, we can do a higher frequency to test it and then lower that cadence. Maybe we do a higher frequency for new items to drive trial. So yeah, if you kind of want to just plot recommendation and then we can. We can key it in together.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, that would be good.

Speaker D: Awesome. All right, well, thank you so much. I will. Oh, and then just a reminder. So the US one, the forecast tab is there, but the forecast numbers and the actuals are not

Speaker C: updated.

Speaker D: Not there. So, yeah, if you want to just update and take a look at that tab.

Speaker C: Okay, sure.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: Because, like. Yeah, I literally see nothing. Like. So here's the US One. There's no.

Speaker B: Oh, wait. Sorry.

Speaker D: Okay. I think it depends on the items. Yeah. I was like, I'm in, like, June.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker D: Sorry. I was looking at the last year.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker D: Apologies for that. It's there.

Speaker B: No problem.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker D: Perfect. Thank you.

Speaker C: Okay. Yeah. Thank you so much.

Speaker A: Have a good day.

Speaker C: Yeah, you too. See you in two weeks. Bye now. Come on.

