Transcript for: Recording__1194.mp4
Title: Recording #1194
============================================================

It. Meanwhile, I'll check here. So it's a K2 board and it's 36.97. Then if you scroll down a little bit where it says that your external competitor is competing at 29.91 and you're trying to discover where it is coming from or like why. Yeah, I'm just. Because it's external competitor. Right. It cannot be internal or it can be other platform also. And that is why I'm just checking when they say it is, I think that means I'll just open this. So when it says external competitor that means it is not working. So this is from the this site. If you see the hydration powder and. Hold on. Maybe it is for the same. Yeah, let's check the EC one more time. I have corrected. Oh, sorry. It's a different asin. Yeah, I think you copied that bloom one. That's why it happened. Yeah. Okay. So if you see all these are external competitors and it is from Walmart. Okay. So Walmart. No, it can be a different thing. This is a different skew overall. So I'm not here. I'm not allowed. Oops. Yeah, that is backup four. This is keto power. But. And this is as if you see it can be with shipping charges, shipping rule and other stuff. And excluding that it is 34. It's currently not available here. But maybe. So what I'm trying to say is this can be an external competitor who's selling at. You know this. If you just take this product and search for Cato or Snark, no sugar something. Yeah, this and try to put. But I will not be able to put because I will get only iron thing. But let's see. Yes. Yeah. So if you just try to check that product, right. So you can see that whenever it is mentioned as external competitor, that means not an Amazon platform. It can be external like Walmart or Cart or any other sellers are selling at a lower price. So when it compare interesting piece of. I don't have access because there it says it is not available. So few. So if it is available, maybe the. Does it also compare the online listings? How? I mean let's say at Walmart or Costco, do they compare? How do they first of all know the. Okay, I'll tell you one example. Now if I have a product selling at an Amazon, let's say this Keto bar itself, okay. Snack bar and I'm pricing it at 2525 here. And I am selling the same product one I'm using using two platform, Amazon platform and I'm also selling, selling the same product in Walmart. Okay. So here I'm giving a 25 and there I'm giving a 24. Okay. So any customer who wanted to, you know, see the product and go for the price, will they go as per the brand like Amazon or will they go with the lowest price? So they will, the first intention is to, whenever, whichever price is lower, they will go buy that product. Correct? Right, of course, yeah. So even if they put it on, you know, Google or if they wanted to browse any product, whichever is lower, you know, the price is lowered, their first intention, the priority will go, will be to buy the lowest product, not the one which is priced high. It can be a $1 difference, but still the customer will be able to be tending to buy the lowest one. They will not be tending to buy the other product. Yeah, so that's what we always tell the. For me, I, you know, while I was working in Iron Market, I always tell my sellers, if they wanted to price a product, let's say, you know, this, you know, like, let's say the same product, and I know I have produced this product. The procurement, product cost is some. Let's say you wanted to give it for 25 rupees for this category. 25 for this category. Okay. Huh? I mean, okay. And then you're selling that in Amazon for 30. $30. Let's see. Okay. And when you give it a $30, that will be in inclusive of all the shipping cost and everything. And that also again, you will incur that cost, correct? No, no, I'm talking about even in Amazon also. So when, even in Amazon, for example, I'll give an example with Iron Market itself. Okay? So in Iron Market, what I tell is I tell my sellers that if you are selling the product at 100 rupees, okay, if you're giving that product to Amazon, 100 rupees and then, but this product price itself is only 60 rupees, but you're giving it for 100 rupees to. And to make sure that to get more customers, you know, to have that visibility in Amazon. Correct. But I would suggest the product itself is priced at 60 rupees. Then don't give it for 100 rupees, give it for 70 rupees or 60 rupees, whichever is feasible for you. And the remaining 40 rupees. 40 rupees, whatever you wanted to give it to Amazon as an extra thing that you can keep it and you can split that amount in like funding, even in deals or in Coupons or in shipping. So that cost you can incur in funding or anything that will be easy for you rather than giving hundred for the product and then again giving extra money extra again, whatever. Thank to all my sellers. But I don't know. Yeah. And are you suggesting that we like. Is that your overall suggestion or are you suggesting if we want to charge more, maybe charge a little bit more. Yeah, you can keep it at 29.9. Yeah, no, you keep it. Either you keep it at the same price as external or. But don't, you know, increase your price. You have to keep it as the same price as external price. That's all. Huh. No, I just gave that example. Like it is for new products. Like you want to launch a new product or something. I don't know how it will work on the existing product. But for the new product, if you're launching any new product in. You can use that, you know, ideology for new products. Like when you give for the, you know, to Amazon to sell the product, you'll be deciding at some cost, right. So that cost you can split. You can, you can keep that cost for funding and for the, for coupons and then for the Amazon with the shipping cost so that whatever price that you're giving, you have to just calculate again. There'll be other criteria also as per Canada. Right. Like you have some category deficiency. I'm not sure about that. Yeah, it depends on the category at what, it depends on the margin at what, you know, price that you wanted to sell your product. Correct. So based on the category, you try to figure out how you can plan your cost. Like your cost should also. And yeah, it should also compete with others at the same time you should, it should also help in, you know, funding your product during the heart events or in the. So it will help you to increase your sales because in the heart event, if you are planning to. If there's in heart event and if you already see that I've already invested on this product, I'm already giving it a higher price. I cannot afford to fund unfunding. Then the visibility that you get during the heart event or anything you will, you will lose that. Right. So whenever you launch new product, you plan in a way like what cost you wanted to give it to Amazon and how, what cost you can retain. I mean keep it, you know, for future like for funding them on deals or putting them on coupons. It can be anything. So it is. Got it. New launch. I have one request for existing, I'm not sure how, but for existing. Yeah. Again, you can comp it. If you wanted to compete with your product either you can keep it at the same same price what your external competitor is struggling. But don't increase. If you increase the price, your feature offered will get affected. And you know. Okay. The sessions. When I say sessions, the number of customers who visit your product page will be. I'll give you two aces that are not part of this account. So if you could see where it's priced. Yeah we could address that issue. We could probably adjust our pricing outside of Amazon so that we win the buy box. So if you don't mind, do you. Would you be able to help me with that? I can give you the two essence right now. Sorry, I didn't get you. I don't have access to this to do this and all these things I can. I know, I know. Yes. Whatever they are, they are. It's a different brand. Mm. To see. Yes. So they are. I know the external pricing is 1199 and exactly. It is not my, you know, plan of area here. I didn't get your question. Is it out of this system what the essence is not currently available in Amazon? You're saying that. You're saying for those. It's a different. But what exactly you wanted. You wanted to have how the price can be. To see if there is any external competitors for those. ASIN Is it 25? Yeah. Let me try. If it is there in Amazon and I can just let you know like it is an external. That's right. Yeah. But it is out of. Don't tell it anymore. And what is that? What is that shipping charge. What is that column? Can you. I don't see any chat. Oh, sorry Here. So they are charging the shipping fee on top of the 375. I can tell you which is the external competitor if it is available. This is for CA Marketplace only. Right. Got it. Right. Yeah. I can see real. I see old store. Yeah. Real Canadian seller name. Yes, that would be nice. This is as per them. What is the charge that you know they are selling it. They are adopted for. Yes. This is the price that they see and this is a shipping charge. So at the time of checkout you will have the shipping cost and the tags that are available. Right. So this is the cost that will be charged at the time of checkout. Okay. Probably it's not. Well, so this is one for real Canadian. I'll just paste. I mean we never suspected real Canadian superstore. So this is already helpful. Yeah. Thank you so much for this. For the other One. Awesome. So I believe that is all from my end. Do you want to discuss something? Is it the same marketplace? I don't have access. Yes, yes. I don't have access to this Async. It is not. Yeah, Okay. It's my pleasure. It's okay. Okay, sure. Yeah. And by the way, no, please just monitor whatever, whichever email that I am sending it to you and work on that. And this month, I think, as I already told you, I will share the reports only the session. The business reports, which, where I am. Where I. I will do the analysis. Like what is the session, whether it is improved or not. If the. Once the session has been lowered from the previous year, I will share those ASINs and the GMS thing, also the sales, whether it is dropped or it is increased. So I will give you only that report and share it with you. You can work on that. Okay. So this week you will not be able to fetch the report. I will be getting the report by next week itself when I pull out the report. So this week it is. I will not get the entire data. Yeah, definitely I will. I'll do that. Yeah, please. And please do work on the IDQ report. That's my very important. And I will also check on the, you know, the goals part which we have, which I have already discussed with you. Okay, I will reconfirm that and I will share the goals. What exactly it has to be there. Okay. And one more update I want so very shortly, not by this month, first week you will be getting an email from Pro A program manager Ajay Suresh. You are aware, right? You know, so. So you'll be sending. No, no. That's where you have to provide the survey whether you're satisfied with my service and how. Whether you need any support or something. Yes, that kind of thing. Yeah. So it will be two. One is program satisfaction and one is CSM satisfaction, which is me as a account manager. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: It. Meanwhile, I'll check here. So it's a K2 board and it's 36.97. Then if you scroll down a little bit where it says that your external competitor is competing at 29.91 and

Speaker B: you're trying to discover where it is coming from or like why.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'm just. Because it's external competitor. Right. It cannot be internal or it can be other platform also. And that is why I'm just checking when they say it is, I think that means I'll just open this. So when it says external competitor that means it is not working. So this is from the this site. If you see the hydration powder and.

Speaker B: Hold on. Maybe it is for the same. Yeah, let's check the EC one more time.

Speaker A: I have corrected. Oh, sorry. It's a different asin.

Speaker B: Yeah, I think you copied that bloom one. That's why it happened.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. So if you see all these are external competitors and it is from Walmart. Okay. So Walmart. No, it can be a different thing.

Speaker B: This is a different skew overall.

Speaker A: So I'm not here. I'm not allowed. Oops.

Speaker B: Yeah, that is backup four.

Speaker A: This is keto power. But. And this is as if you see it can be with shipping charges, shipping rule and other stuff. And excluding that it is 34. It's currently not available here. But maybe. So what I'm trying to say is this can be an external competitor who's selling at. You know this. If you just take this product and search for Cato or Snark, no sugar something. Yeah, this and try to put. But I will not be able to put because I will get only iron thing. But let's see.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. So if you just try to check that product, right. So you can see that whenever it is mentioned as external competitor, that means not an Amazon platform. It can be external like Walmart or Cart or any other sellers are selling at a lower price.

Speaker B: So when it compare interesting piece of.

Speaker A: I don't have access because there it says it is not available. So few. So if it is available, maybe the.

Speaker B: Does it also compare the online listings? How? I mean let's say at Walmart or Costco, do they compare? How do they first of all know the.

Speaker A: Okay, I'll tell you one example. Now if I have a product selling at an Amazon, let's say this Keto bar itself, okay. Snack bar and I'm pricing it at 2525 here. And I am selling the same product one I'm using using two platform, Amazon platform and I'm also selling, selling the same product in Walmart. Okay. So here I'm giving a 25 and there I'm giving a 24. Okay. So any customer who wanted to, you know, see the product and go for the price, will they go as per the brand like Amazon or will they go with the lowest price? So they will, the first intention is to, whenever, whichever price is lower, they will go buy that product. Correct? Right, of course, yeah. So even if they put it on, you know, Google or if they wanted to browse any product, whichever is lower, you know, the price is lowered, their first intention, the priority will go, will be to buy the lowest product, not the one which is priced high. It can be a $1 difference, but still the customer will be able to be tending to buy the lowest one. They will not be tending to buy the other product. Yeah, so that's what we always tell the. For me, I, you know, while I was working in Iron Market, I always tell my sellers, if they wanted to price a product, let's say, you know, this, you know, like, let's say the same product, and I know I have produced this product. The procurement, product cost is some. Let's say you wanted to give it for 25 rupees for this category. 25 for this category. Okay.

Speaker B: Huh? I mean, okay.

Speaker A: And then you're selling that in Amazon for 30. $30. Let's see. Okay. And when you give it a $30, that will be in inclusive of all the shipping cost and everything. And that also again, you will incur that cost, correct? No, no, I'm talking about even in Amazon also. So when, even in Amazon, for example, I'll give an example with Iron Market itself. Okay? So in Iron Market, what I tell is I tell my sellers that if you are selling the product at 100 rupees, okay, if you're giving that product to Amazon, 100 rupees and then, but this product price itself is only 60 rupees, but you're giving it for 100 rupees to. And to make sure that to get more customers, you know, to have that visibility in Amazon. Correct. But I would suggest the product itself is priced at 60 rupees. Then don't give it for 100 rupees, give it for 70 rupees or 60 rupees, whichever is feasible for you. And the remaining 40 rupees. 40 rupees, whatever you wanted to give it to Amazon as an extra thing that you can keep it and you can split that amount in like funding, even in deals or in Coupons or in shipping. So that cost you can incur in funding or anything that will be easy for you rather than giving hundred for the product and then again giving extra money extra again,

Speaker B: whatever.

Speaker A: Thank to all my sellers. But I don't know.

Speaker B: Yeah. And are you suggesting that we like. Is that your overall suggestion or are you suggesting if we want to charge more, maybe charge a little bit more.

Speaker A: Yeah, you can keep it at 29.9. Yeah, no, you keep it. Either you keep it at the same price as external or. But don't, you know, increase your price. You have to keep it as the same price as external price. That's all.

Speaker B: Huh.

Speaker A: No, I just gave that example. Like it is for new products. Like you want to launch a new product or something. I don't know how it will work on the existing product. But for the new product, if you're launching any new product in. You can use that, you know, ideology for new products. Like when you give for the, you know, to Amazon to sell the product, you'll be deciding at some cost, right. So that cost you can split. You can, you can keep that cost for funding and for the, for coupons and then for the Amazon with the shipping cost so that whatever price that you're giving, you have to just calculate again. There'll be other criteria also as per Canada. Right. Like you have some category deficiency. I'm not sure about that.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker A: it depends on the category at what, it depends on the margin at what, you know, price that you wanted to sell your product. Correct. So based on the category, you try to figure out how you can plan your cost. Like your cost should also. And yeah, it should also compete with others at the same time you should, it should also help in, you know, funding your product during the heart events or in the. So it will help you to increase your sales because in the heart event, if you are planning to. If there's in heart event and if you already see that I've already invested on this product, I'm already giving it a higher price. I cannot afford to fund unfunding. Then the visibility that you get during the heart event or anything you will, you will lose that. Right. So whenever you launch new product, you plan in a way like what cost you wanted to give it to Amazon and how, what cost you can retain. I mean keep it, you know, for future like for funding them on deals or putting them on coupons. It can be anything. So it is.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: New launch. I have one request for existing, I'm not sure how, but for existing. Yeah. Again, you can comp it. If you wanted to compete with your product either you can keep it at the same same price what your external competitor is struggling. But don't increase. If you increase the price, your feature offered will get affected. And you know.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: The sessions. When I say sessions, the number of customers who visit your product page will be.

Speaker B: I'll give you two aces that are not part of this account. So if you could see where it's priced. Yeah we could address that issue. We could probably adjust our pricing outside of Amazon so that we win the buy box. So if you don't mind, do you. Would you be able to help me with that? I can give you the two essence right now.

Speaker A: Sorry, I didn't get you. I don't have access to this to do this and all these things I can.

Speaker B: I know, I know.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Whatever they are, they are. It's a different brand.

Speaker A: Mm.

Speaker B: To see. Yes. So they are. I know the external pricing is 1199 and exactly.

Speaker A: It is not my, you know, plan of area here. I didn't get your question. Is it out of this system what the essence is not currently available in Amazon? You're saying that. You're saying for those. It's a different. But what exactly you wanted. You wanted to have how the price can be. To see if there is any external competitors for those.

Speaker B: ASIN Is it 25?

Speaker A: Yeah. Let me try. If it is there in Amazon and I can just let you know like it is an external. That's right. Yeah. But it is out of. Don't tell it anymore.

Speaker B: And what is that? What is that shipping charge. What is that column?

Speaker A: Can you. I don't see any chat. Oh, sorry Here.

Speaker B: So they are charging the shipping fee on top of the 375.

Speaker A: I can tell you which is the external competitor if it is available. This is for CA Marketplace only. Right.

Speaker B: Got it. Right.

Speaker A: Yeah. I can see real. I see old store. Yeah. Real Canadian seller name.

Speaker B: Yes, that would be nice.

Speaker A: This is as per them. What is the charge that you know they are selling it. They are adopted for. Yes. This is the price that they see and this is a shipping charge. So at the time of checkout you will have the shipping cost and the tags that are available. Right. So this is the cost that will be charged at the time of checkout.

Speaker B: Okay. Probably it's not.

Speaker A: Well, so this is one for real Canadian. I'll just paste.

Speaker B: I mean we never suspected real Canadian superstore. So this is already helpful.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Thank you so much for this.

Speaker A: For the other One.

Speaker B: Awesome. So I believe that is all from my end. Do you want to discuss something?

Speaker A: Is it the same marketplace? I don't have access.

Speaker B: Yes, yes.

Speaker A: I don't have access to this Async. It is not. Yeah, Okay. It's my pleasure. It's okay.

Speaker B: Okay, sure. Yeah.

Speaker A: And by the way, no, please just monitor whatever, whichever email that I am sending it to you and work on that. And this month, I think, as I already told you, I will share the reports only the session. The business reports, which, where I am. Where I. I will do the analysis. Like what is the session, whether it is improved or not. If the. Once the session has been lowered from the previous year, I will share those ASINs and the GMS thing, also the sales, whether it is dropped or it is increased. So I will give you only that report and share it with you. You can work on that. Okay. So this week you will not be able to fetch the report. I will be getting the report by next week itself when I pull out the report. So this week it is. I will not get the entire data.

Speaker B: Yeah, definitely I will. I'll do that.

Speaker A: Yeah, please. And please do work on the IDQ report. That's my very important. And I will also check on the, you know, the goals part which we have, which I have already discussed with you. Okay, I will reconfirm that and I will share the goals. What exactly it has to be there.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And one more update I want so very shortly, not by this month, first week you will be getting an email from Pro A program manager Ajay Suresh. You are aware, right? You know, so. So you'll be sending. No, no. That's where you have to provide the survey whether you're satisfied with my service and how. Whether you need any support or something. Yes, that kind of thing. Yeah. So it will be two. One is program satisfaction and one is CSM satisfaction, which is me as a account manager.

Speaker B: Bye.

