Transcript for: Recording__1160.mp4
Title: Recording #1160
============================================================

Later on, when I switched to Zig Digital, I had to do the posting. That was the basic part of my job. But I had to do the scripting for all the videos. I had to make content calendar for the month. I had to make skips for all the videos that I have to make and then pass it on to the video editor. While in digicraft, I have to do the videos myself. Videos and static post myself. Like you have to write. I had to make the. Yes, okay. I have to write the scripts. I used to do the scripting for them. And Zig Digital. Sorry, this thing is. Okay, I'll just say your current company, you don't have to script them anymore. You have to. No, I have to scrape them. Okay. Earlier I had to. I never made scripts. Earlier I had to make the scripts. I didn't work on the videos. Later on in Zig Digital, I had to just guide the editor how to make the video, how the video has to go based on the client communication. Basically, yes. I have to get the scripts approved from the client. The content was approved from the client. The content calendar throughout the month and later on, once it is approved, I have to get them done from the editor. I see. So what kind of platforms did you have to work on? Let's say I'm. I want to, you know, I understand the coordination, but what I want to focus more on is where do you need to create those contents yourself. Right. For example, right now, while working on the content, I used to work on Photoshop and Filmora while working myself and while posting and all meta, meta, LinkedIn, YouTube. Okay. So the clients are mostly also, in most cases they are also businesses, not like individuals, not direct to consumer kind of businesses. They also. It included both D2C as well as B2B. Okay, right. You know, the, the thing is I'm trying to understand your expertise in which platforms you are. Like, if you had to choose one platform that you have mastered, which platform would it. Meta. You can say meta. Meta. Okay. Including Instagram, Facebook and whatever. I have tried meta ads as well, but I haven't worked on them much. I used to work on them while my, while doing my postgraduate certification. Okay, no, I understand. I didn't get a chance to work on performance marketing. And so for Meta and Instagram, you said you worked on video. Are those short form videos that you're talking about? Because they're particularly for meta. It was short form videos and I worked on podcast as well. Podcast too? Yes. For long, long form videos I can show you My portfolio, I have worked on a video in which I have conducted a podcast. You have conducted a podcast? Okay. I have no idea how a podcast works by the way. Yeah, well, so far, short form, you said meta and Instagram, you used to do that a lot. I mean, particularly in the current job, you are doing that a lot, right? Yes. And you're saying that you are really good at that? Yes, I am. Okay. I'm confident about it. All right, all right. I'm just trying to understand what works for short form videos. Like what is your opinion? What's the strategy that actually works for short term? 32nd, 42nd reel which gets viral, which gets the client hooked for a particular product. Like recently I was working for a pharmaceutical product for a liver medicine. I was working the script for that and the client wanted something, some real that gets the client hooked within the first three or five seconds and gets them to see the whole video and buy the product. Okay, how do you research these hooks? How do you come up with these ideas of hooks? It is basically doom scrolling. I have to search for viral videos. It is not reinventing the wheel. I have to see what others are doing and do the same thing. So let's say you come up with. No, go ahead. I already finished it with a bit of a twist, like someone is doing something for some different thing. I'll work on the same thing with my clientele. Okay, so let's say you come up with some ideas for these clients. But then who makes those videos? Like is it like someone talking in the video? What kind of videos are those that you are creating? Depends. It can be someone talking on the video, it can can be stock videos, it can be some random thing and later on it gets on to the point. Recently there's a trend that one video goes along, it shows some random thing and directly it goes on to your product. Okay, it will start with something else. I have seen something like some very, I would say cheesy topics maybe. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. I'll tell you one thing. Like what if you fall from an airplane and you're supposed to. What will the. What will be a best place to land? Some will say water will be a best, best place to land, but if you hit the water, it doesn't compress and something like that. But instead of that you land on a store and then describe the actual store. Right, right. Okay, I see, I see. These things are going viral. Yeah, yeah. We have to go with the flow. Yeah, I have seen that trend. This is what going in social media have you seen this? This Chinese. I mean, they sell neon lights, the logos, company logos. Tony, his name is Tony, I think. Have you seen this guy who. Yeah. Who would start with some in a. Very cheesy topics that are probably in the world of dating and all, you know. And then he will eventually transition into selling the neon lights, the logos that they sell their companies. And he has gone so viral, this guy. I haven't seen the actual thing, but I got the idea of it. Basically we name this thing as viral brain rot videos. Yeah, yeah, those are funny. All right, so let's say, how do you coordinate? Let's say someone has to speak and. Okay, in most cases, what do you do? Is it like using stock videos or is it, in most cases people talking, actual people from the company talking. Which kind of videos have you. It depends on. We have people talking, the actual people talking about their product. We have the actual consumers talking about the product. We have actual founders talking about the product and the processes that go through the making and all. We even have random people on the street talking about something. Like, if you have seen, do you have salt in your toothpaste and all? We have done that kind of thing as well. Okay, okay. So when you plan those videos. No, go ahead, let me finish that example. We had a client in Indore. They sell oils and all, stone pressed oils and all. We had done this thing for them. We had to go to Indore and do this thing. I was the one going to random people on the streets and asking them questions. Oh, so you don't mind talking to people. You're. You're confident about that? Yeah. Don't have social anxiety. Confident on camera as well as behind the camera. Okay, I see. And when you make this kind of content, you see, there has to be certain kind of planning, first of all, you have to plan the hook and then the rest has to be. Go along with that. Right. So is that something that you. How does that work? How do you plan that? We make the scripts for that. And the end of the thing is people don't go according to the scripts. We have to improvise later on. Of course, when you're talking, scripts are just the backbone for that thing. Yeah, right. Yeah. But it takes a lot of production time, right, Isn't it? If you want to create one reel, just one reel, thoroughly planned, it takes a lot of time, isn't it? Depends. It actually depends because some of those don't take much time. Some. Some of those really take a lot of time. Like suppose I have to Make a reel out of a worker who has to speak about the. His experience about working in the factory and all. It takes a lot of time because they don't speak. They're not used to speaking. But if it's a founder, they'll speak a lot. And it's easier for us to. If I get a five minute video from one guy, I can make five reels out of that, right? Yeah, true. That's right. And this is the focus. Short form video meta. You also mentioned that you have worked on LinkedIn content. So what sort of content have you worked on for LinkedIn? Not specifically LinkedIn content. LinkedIn content goes in like this thing hiring, hiring statics. Like we are hiring for our company and all those kind of things. And most of the content is same for all the platforms hiring content. So it's like hiring somebody job, job. Job application. Yes. Okay. So not particularly LinkedIn content marketing is just job related posts that you have worked. Yes. Job related content is something that can go on LinkedIn, but the rest of the thing is same that we post on LinkedIn. Later on we stopped posting the same because that is not relevant on LinkedIn. Okay, so whatever used to go on Instagram and Facebook, we used to post the same on LinkedIn. Yes. It's not relevant. Exactly. Yeah, that's what I failed. I mean, those videos are not for the platform LinkedIn. It has to be done in a different way, right? Yes, definitely. And you know, how do you pronounce your name by the way? I'm pronouncing it in Bengaliq. Okay, okay. All right. If you ask a Bengali, they will pronounce your name as Sharthak with sh. That's what I was doing. No worries. By the way, you are in Mumbai, right? Yes, I am in Mumbai. Okay. I had a friend who used to live there for a while. Well, so you know, with all these things that you have done, particularly the ones that you strategized and worked on for let's say short form content, what sort of results did you see? My results depend, like depending on the clientele. Of course that depends. Sometimes the results go really well. We recently tried for the indoor client. They asked us to make a new channel apart from the original one which had a lot of followers. We made a new thing and then we tried this viral video which I told you we had a thousand views in a day. Okay, right. Within 24 hours. Got it. Well, here you have the opportunity to give. You give the best example. Right. You can take some time to think about it and you are going to share your portfolio set so you can take the time to think about those things and share the things that you have done. Okay. So you are involved in the strategic planning and also execution. I want to see some example work from those. All right. And you know, to give you some idea about our agency. Well, before I do that, what do you know so far? This is like you help brands get on Amazon as a platform and build a portfolio on Amazon. Like listing their products, helping them get sales on Amazon. Yeah. Are you familiar with Amazon? A little bit. Have you worked with that for. No, I haven't worked it on Amazon. To be frank, I haven't worked on Amazon at all. I have a little bit of idea what it. The SEO that goes into it. The product description and all the reviews. Reviews are something which matters and also the competitive pricing. Yeah, right. You know what, apart from these content, short form and all sorts of content that we just talked about, you said you have also done other things. So what other platforms have you worked with? You. You. I read on your profile videos I've done. I've done corporate EVs, podcasting as well as corporate AVs. Okay. And then SEO. I think I read that on your LinkedIn profile. Is that something you did? Sorry, SEO. Website search. Yeah, website SEO. I've done SEO strategizing and all. Which keyword will rank for the particular client. But that was not your primary focus of your work, was it? Oh, that wasn't my primary focus. There were people who were working on the off page SEO and all. I used to help them with the content. I used to review the content, which is good enough to go for the website. Okay, well, so to which keyword they should work on. I used to tell them. Okay, so to tell you about a little bit about our agency. Yes, you have got it right. We do that just for one specific industry, which is cpg. Consumer Package goods brands. That's anything. Package goods? Yeah, anything that is consumable, basically you need to purchase again and again. So things like packaged snacks or let's say. Yeah, exactly, yeah. FMCG goods. Exactly, yeah. FMCG goods. Those sorts of things. Personal care products like moisturizer, shampoo, all of those are included. Even cleaning products. We haven't worked much on that, but even those are included. Now when I was thinking about you, I was not thinking about you getting involved with these processes. Rather I was thinking that you could probably help with the content marketing aspect, which at this point doesn't literally exist in our company. We have to Work on establishing the system and be consistent. Select some platforms first, prioritize some platforms first and. Yeah. Which is suitable for the. For your brand. Exactly, yeah. And be sure to be consistent across all of those platforms. And the content marketing that I'm thinking of doing is primarily going to happen through my profile first. So it's going to be. I mean it has to exist. Exactly. If I choose LinkedIn it has to be through my profile. So you have to understand that the tone has to match the way I make it. Right. So yeah, that's one thing. That's one big thing. And along with that I was also thinking of short form videos because that's what I have capability for right now. I don't know how to edit videos if I have to do it myself. So if I have somebody dedicated, I personally don't want to waste much time on editing and all of those things. I want to focus on the low hanging fruits first, which could be the LinkedIn content for LinkedIn which is also high impact, high value. And then eventually probably also at the same time. But LinkedIn is a priority, get that right first. And then short form videos on platforms like YouTube Reels, Instagram Reels. But that doesn't do much. Probably those are entertaining. But if you. LinkedIn is the first priority. Yeah, LinkedIn is the first priority. But also there after the short form videos, one more thing that we could do is do longer form videos on YouTube. So things like this. So it has to progress, progress first figure out LinkedIn first, different kind of content, maximize what you can do on LinkedIn. Then probably almost at that same time we'll also do the short form videos and then eventually later on long form videos on YouTube. That is how I have been thinking. This is one major thing. And also along with that, if we can expand to website issue, that also helps us build some credibility when someone looks at our website. Yeah. And also helps us with SEO. Right. So helps us with discoverability. That is also something that you can think of later on. Now another thing that I wanted to add, which is the outbound component. Has told you about any of these by the way or what has he shared with you so far? Told me that you are looking for someone who is supposed to marketing about your brand, about your company. Okay. He didn't tell me about the details, what exactly you're looking for? Yeah, he doesn't know. I haven't shared that much with him but okay, that's. So anyway I wanted to know what he shared. That's fine. Now the second Thing is option outbound or outreach campaigns. So for example, outreach these days. Lead generation. Yes, lead generation. Is that something that you have done before or is it totally new? I haven't done actually practically. I'm looking for courses. Currently I'm looking to upskill myself in generative AI, copywriting and ads as well. Okay, so you're learning. Yeah, I'm learning those things. I've done meta ads as well as Google Ads in my course. I've run actual ads for my own blog, which I had to do during the course. Okay. I had successful. I was successful ads during the course, but I haven't done it actually in the business, like for a company. I haven't done that. That's okay. That's okay. It's fine. So the outreach is something that we'd want to add eventually. But you know what? We recently also hired an agency to do that. Although they are not going to use my profile. It's going to be through other business development executives profiles, not through mine. So I'm not sure how exactly it will go in the future. If they are successful, then we'll of course keep on working with them. But at the same time, I'm not very confident in handing over my profile to them and sending a bunch of messages to people. So one more thing I would like to add. I haven't worked ads directly, but I've worked with verifying the leads for a specific clientele. Right. We are not talking about ads, by the way here. We are talking about reaching out to DMing people. Like sending messages. So no advertisements. Yeah, I have done that. Like influencer marketing. I've done. I've reached out to people to get in contact with them for collaborating with us. I've done it recently. Okay. All right. So this is just to give you an idea. Now one, something that just came to my mind is when you were working, even at your current company or the previous one, what was the organizational structure you were working? I forgot the name of the roles. But how many teammates do you have and who did you have to report to? How. How did it work at that time in Both the companies? 10 to 15 people in both the companies. Okay. And then who. Who did you. Not my team as such. We used to report directly to the owner. Okay. No manager in between? Just the owner. Okay. I was supposed to be the social media manager in the. In my current organization, people were supposed to report to me. Oh, but what happened? No, I wanted to switch later on because of the traveling and all. Oh, so they offered you A role as a manager. But you didn't want to take the role. No, I had taken that role. People used to report to me. But later on I thought that traveling and all is a hassle. It was concerning my health and all. Oh, really? What happened? I'm stepping back. Are you okay? Something? Yeah, I'm good. No, I mean nothing like okay. Over exerting myself. That's it. Uhhuh. Right, right. I get that. Okay. All right. I couldn't give my 100% to the job. That is what my concern was. Right. You know, you said that you wanted to really focus on content marketing in your career. First of all, like, what is the reason behind that? And second is I should like creating content. You like creating content. And yeah, I'll tell you one thing, I forgot to mention it earlier. I used to make content while making content. I. One of my client got awarded at a national level for my content. Okay. Oh, that's great. If you, if you heard of Maruti Suzuki, right? Yeah. One of our client was a dealership for Maruti Suzuki and they wanted us to make a creator for Ganesh Chaturthi two years back and made a creator for them and they won the first prize in national level. Okay, that's great. That's awesome. Now I mean, what. What do you like about content creating? What's good about that? The outage which I get being viral. If my content goes viral, I get a kick from it. That's it. That's the satisfaction you seek? Yeah, that's it. Okay. If my video goes viral, I'm happy with that. And you know, the typical question during any interview is like, how do you see yourself in five years? I'm going to ask you in a similar question, like, what do you really want to do in the future? I mean, really don't give any diplomatic and in a corporate level answer, what do you really want to do? Not a diplomatic answer as such, but I would like to see myself handling an agency for digital marketing. Okay. Yeah. Okay. All right. How. How many years do you think that will take to get started? Maybe five to ten years. Maybe five to ten years. Okay. Why so long? Depending on. Yeah, it's still a long way to go. What's stopping you from starting right now? Having a current setback recently, like stepping onto the. I dived into social media. It was like going from a kid's pool to a ocean was the social media I used to do in my current agency. And then I jumped into the next one. It was like that. I got the Depth of what social media is. Oh really? So the opportunity is much bigger in the current agency, you mean? Yes. Right. But then if you switch to, let's say my agency, then the opportunity, the pool of it, it gets smaller, isn't it? Yeah, that is actually a great thing for me. Smaller things are easier to grasp. But if you think about your future, also like to go into performance marketing, which I'm really trying to go for a long time. I joined digital marketing to go into performance actually, but I didn't get a chance, actually. But you were focusing on content. Yeah. So if I know what content is to go into performance, that will help me a lot. Usually the ones who know how to target ads don't know how to create content. They need someone to create content. You will not get that opportunity in. In this company. Right? Isn't it? We're not advertising. Okay. I like to connect with people. Right. All right, Sartuk, that's. I think that's. And this is good amount of information that you shared with me. What I would like to do next is like, you know, ask a few more questions, of course. But as the next steps, I would love to see some of your work. Send me your portfolio. And here, please be honest to yourself and share your own work that you really contributed and also share your best work because you want to show yourself as possible. I won't share something which is not done by me. No, I mean, I understand you contributed, but then what matters is the kind of things that you really strategized and what you executed. That's the kind of things I would want to see, right? Yes, sure. If it is something that you maybe communicated between the teams, that is also something coordinated. But the actual strategy was not done by you. So I would not want to. I would want to prioritize the ones that you especially you worked on. That's one thing. Yes. And a few questions. I'll tell you something that I have worked on, I have strategized and I have executed. Yeah, sure. Yeah. And second thing is what. What do you have in mind? Like how quickly do you want to switch? Is it something very urgent that you want to switch immediately? How are you thinking about it? I can do it as soon as I can. Not too urgent as such. Okay, so give me a range. Let's say I would want you to join right away. So how much time would you take in that case? Within a week I can join. Okay. No notice. Okay. Not currently. And let's say I. This is something that I don't want to go ahead with right away in that case, like, will you. What will you do? Will you look for, like, is it like you are trying to switch the job right away? Is it something that you don't want to continue at all? Are you in that kind of situation? Not exactly. I'll be looking for another job. I can continue it. Okay. Okay. Till I get another one. All right. And. And also the salary. This is something that you have to talk about, right? What's your. What kind of expectation do you have? Currently? I'm on 25k for a month. Okay. I'm looking for something between 25 to 30. Okay. All right. And one catch here is that. And this is for everybody. You can probably. When someone works with us, it's because you are not a registered company in India. We are registered in Canada. We cannot hire anybody from India as an employee. And this is just for the tax purposes. You will be. You'll be like an employee. You'll be full time. You will be getting salary every month like you do as an employee. But when you file for your taxes, you'll be considered an independent contractor. Is that something you're. Okay. Yeah, that is not a. Yeah, that is not an issue with me. Okay. All right. So I think this is good enough for from my end. Do you have anything else that you want to ask? Because I'm the one who just kept on asking questions. No, not currently. All right. I might have some question later on. Not currently. I don't have any questions currently. Okay. All right, so let me know if you have any questions later on. You can email me if you want. And I look forward to the work, the portfolio. I'll share it with you as soon as possible. And if we want to go ahead, Sarthak, as the next step I would probably want you to work on, I'll probably give you a practical thing that we have to do, content writing that we actually have to do in the company, something similar. And that will be like a test, little test. So that could be one. I'll look forward to it. Well, yeah, that could be the next step. But yeah, if we decide to move forward, that is what you can expect next. All right. Something like an assignment, right? Yeah, yeah, something like. It's something exactly like what you have to do in the company. Similar to that. Yeah, definitely. Okay. All right. Shaktak, nice talking to you. Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity. No problem. Have a good night. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Later on, when I switched to Zig Digital, I had to do the posting. That was the basic part of my job. But I had to do the scripting for all the videos. I had to make content calendar for the month. I had to make skips for all the videos that I have to make and then pass it on to the video editor. While in digicraft, I have to do the videos myself. Videos and static post myself.

Speaker B: Like you have to write.

Speaker A: I had to make the.

Speaker B: Yes, okay.

Speaker A: I have to write the scripts. I used to do the scripting for them.

Speaker B: And Zig Digital. Sorry, this thing is. Okay, I'll just say your current company, you don't have to script them anymore. You have to.

Speaker A: No, I have to scrape them.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Earlier I had to. I never made scripts. Earlier I had to make the scripts. I didn't work on the videos. Later on in Zig Digital, I had to just guide the editor how to make the video, how the video has

Speaker B: to go based on the client communication. Basically, yes.

Speaker A: I have to get the scripts approved from the client. The content was approved from the client. The content calendar throughout the month and later on, once it is approved, I have to get them done from the editor.

Speaker B: I see. So what kind of platforms did you have to work on?

Speaker A: Let's say I'm.

Speaker B: I want to, you know, I understand the coordination, but what I want to focus more on is where do you need to create those contents yourself. Right. For example, right now,

Speaker A: while working on the content, I used to work on Photoshop and Filmora while working myself and while posting and all meta, meta, LinkedIn, YouTube.

Speaker B: Okay. So the clients are mostly also, in most cases they are also businesses, not like individuals, not direct to consumer kind of businesses. They also.

Speaker A: It included both D2C as well as B2B.

Speaker B: Okay, right. You know, the, the thing is I'm trying to understand your expertise in which platforms you are. Like, if you had to choose one platform that you have mastered, which platform would it.

Speaker A: Meta. You can say meta. Meta.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Including Instagram, Facebook and whatever. I have tried meta ads as well, but I haven't worked on them much. I used to work on them while my, while doing my postgraduate certification.

Speaker B: Okay, no, I understand.

Speaker A: I didn't get a chance to work on performance marketing.

Speaker B: And so for Meta and Instagram, you said you worked on video. Are those short form videos that you're talking about?

Speaker A: Because they're particularly for meta. It was short form videos and I worked on podcast as well.

Speaker B: Podcast too?

Speaker A: Yes. For long, long form videos I can show you My portfolio, I have worked on a video in which I have conducted a podcast.

Speaker B: You have conducted a podcast? Okay. I have no idea how a podcast works by the way. Yeah, well, so far, short form, you said meta and Instagram, you used to do that a lot. I mean, particularly in the current job, you are doing that a lot, right?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: And you're saying that you are really good at that?

Speaker A: Yes, I am.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I'm confident about it.

Speaker B: All right, all right. I'm just trying to understand what works for short form videos. Like what is your opinion? What's the strategy that actually works for short term?

Speaker A: 32nd, 42nd reel which gets viral, which gets the client hooked for a particular product. Like recently I was working for a pharmaceutical product for a liver medicine. I was working the script for that and the client wanted something, some real that gets the client hooked within the first three or five seconds and gets them to see the whole video and buy the product.

Speaker B: Okay, how do you research these hooks? How do you come up with these ideas of hooks?

Speaker A: It is basically doom scrolling. I have to search for viral videos. It is not reinventing the wheel. I have to see what others are doing and do the same thing. So let's say you come up with.

Speaker B: No, go ahead.

Speaker A: I already finished it with a bit of a twist, like someone is doing something for some different thing. I'll work on the same thing with my clientele.

Speaker B: Okay, so let's say you come up with some ideas for these clients. But then who makes those videos? Like is it like someone talking in the video? What kind of videos are those that you are creating?

Speaker A: Depends. It can be someone talking on the video, it can can be stock videos, it can be some random thing and later on it gets on to the point. Recently there's a trend that one video goes along, it shows some random thing and directly it goes on to your product.

Speaker B: Okay, it will start with something else. I have seen something like some very, I would say cheesy topics maybe.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Exactly. I'll tell you one thing. Like what if you fall from an airplane and you're supposed to. What will the. What will be a best place to land? Some will say water will be a best, best place to land, but if you hit the water, it doesn't compress and something like that. But instead of that you land on a store and then describe the actual store.

Speaker B: Right, right. Okay, I see, I see.

Speaker A: These things are going viral.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: We have to go with the flow.

Speaker B: Yeah, I have seen that trend.

Speaker A: This is what going in social media

Speaker B: have you seen this? This Chinese. I mean, they sell neon lights, the logos, company logos. Tony, his name is Tony, I think. Have you seen this guy who. Yeah. Who would start with some in a. Very cheesy topics that are probably in the world of dating and all, you know. And then he will eventually transition into selling the neon lights, the logos that they sell their companies. And he has gone so viral, this guy.

Speaker A: I haven't seen the actual thing, but I got the idea of it. Basically we name this thing as viral brain rot videos.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, those are funny. All right, so let's say, how do you coordinate? Let's say someone has to speak and. Okay, in most cases, what do you do? Is it like using stock videos or is it, in most cases people talking, actual people from the company talking. Which kind of videos have you.

Speaker A: It depends on. We have people talking, the actual people talking about their product. We have the actual consumers talking about the product. We have actual founders talking about the product and the processes that go through the making and all. We even have random people on the street talking about something. Like, if you have seen, do you have salt in your toothpaste and all? We have done that kind of thing as well.

Speaker B: Okay, okay. So when you plan those videos. No, go ahead, let me finish that example.

Speaker A: We had a client in Indore. They sell oils and all, stone pressed oils and all. We had done this thing for them. We had to go to Indore and do this thing. I was the one going to random people on the streets and asking them questions.

Speaker B: Oh, so you don't mind talking to people. You're. You're confident about that? Yeah. Don't have social anxiety.

Speaker A: Confident on camera as well as behind the camera.

Speaker B: Okay, I see. And when you make this kind of content, you see, there has to be certain kind of planning, first of all, you have to plan the hook and then the rest has to be. Go along with that. Right. So is that something that you. How does that work? How do you plan that?

Speaker A: We make the scripts for that. And the end of the thing is people don't go according to the scripts. We have to improvise later on.

Speaker B: Of course, when you're talking, scripts are

Speaker A: just the backbone for that thing.

Speaker B: Yeah, right. Yeah. But it takes a lot of production time, right, Isn't it? If you want to create one reel, just one reel, thoroughly planned, it takes a lot of time, isn't it?

Speaker A: Depends. It actually depends because some of those don't take much time. Some. Some of those really take a lot of time. Like suppose I have to Make a reel out of a worker who has to speak about the. His experience about working in the factory and all. It takes a lot of time because they don't speak. They're not used to speaking. But if it's a founder, they'll speak a lot. And it's easier for us to. If I get a five minute video from one guy, I can make five

Speaker B: reels out of that, right? Yeah, true. That's right. And this is the focus. Short form video meta. You also mentioned that you have worked on LinkedIn content. So what sort of content have you worked on for LinkedIn?

Speaker A: Not specifically LinkedIn content. LinkedIn content goes in like this thing hiring, hiring statics. Like we are hiring for our company and all those kind of things. And most of the content is same for all the platforms

Speaker B: hiring content. So it's like hiring somebody job, job.

Speaker A: Job application. Yes.

Speaker B: Okay. So not particularly LinkedIn content marketing is just job related posts that you have worked.

Speaker A: Yes. Job related content is something that can go on LinkedIn, but the rest of the thing is same that we post on LinkedIn. Later on we stopped posting the same because that is not relevant on LinkedIn. Okay, so whatever used to go on Instagram and Facebook, we used to post the same on LinkedIn. Yes. It's not relevant.

Speaker B: Exactly. Yeah, that's what I failed. I mean, those videos are not for the platform LinkedIn. It has to be done in a different way, right?

Speaker A: Yes, definitely.

Speaker B: And you know, how do you pronounce your name by the way? I'm pronouncing it in Bengaliq. Okay, okay. All right. If you ask a Bengali, they will pronounce your name as Sharthak with sh. That's what I was doing.

Speaker A: No worries.

Speaker B: By the way, you are in Mumbai, right?

Speaker A: Yes, I am in Mumbai.

Speaker B: Okay. I had a friend who used to live there for a while. Well, so you know, with all these things that you have done, particularly the ones that you strategized and worked on for let's say short form content, what sort of results did you see?

Speaker A: My results depend, like depending on the clientele.

Speaker B: Of course that depends.

Speaker A: Sometimes the results go really well. We recently tried for the indoor client. They asked us to make a new channel apart from the original one which had a lot of followers. We made a new thing and then we tried this viral video which I told you we had a thousand views in a day.

Speaker B: Okay, right.

Speaker A: Within 24 hours.

Speaker B: Got it. Well, here you have the opportunity to give. You give the best example. Right. You can take some time to think about it and you are going to share your portfolio set so you can take the time to think about those things and share the things that you have done. Okay. So you are involved in the strategic planning and also execution. I want to see some example work from those. All right. And you know, to give you some idea about our agency. Well, before I do that, what do you know so far?

Speaker A: This is like you help brands get on Amazon as a platform and build a portfolio on Amazon. Like listing their products, helping them get sales on Amazon.

Speaker B: Yeah. Are you familiar with Amazon?

Speaker A: A little bit.

Speaker B: Have you worked with that for.

Speaker A: No, I haven't worked it on Amazon. To be frank, I haven't worked on Amazon at all. I have a little bit of idea what it. The SEO that goes into it. The product description and all the reviews. Reviews are something which matters and also the competitive pricing.

Speaker B: Yeah, right. You know what, apart from these content, short form and all sorts of content that we just talked about, you said you have also done other things. So what other platforms have you worked with? You.

Speaker A: You. I read on your profile videos I've done. I've done corporate EVs, podcasting as well as corporate AVs.

Speaker B: Okay. And then SEO. I think I read that on your LinkedIn profile. Is that something you did?

Speaker A: Sorry, SEO.

Speaker B: Website search.

Speaker A: Yeah, website SEO. I've done SEO strategizing and all. Which keyword will rank for the particular client.

Speaker B: But that was not your primary focus of your work, was it?

Speaker A: Oh, that wasn't my primary focus. There were people who were working on the off page SEO and all. I used to help them with the content. I used to review the content, which is good enough to go for the website. Okay, well, so to which keyword they should work on. I used to tell them.

Speaker B: Okay, so to tell you about a little bit about our agency. Yes, you have got it right. We do that just for one specific industry, which is cpg. Consumer Package goods brands. That's anything.

Speaker A: Package goods?

Speaker B: Yeah, anything that is consumable, basically you need to purchase again and again. So things like packaged snacks or let's say. Yeah, exactly, yeah.

Speaker A: FMCG goods.

Speaker B: Exactly, yeah. FMCG goods. Those sorts of things. Personal care products like moisturizer, shampoo, all of those are included. Even cleaning products. We haven't worked much on that, but even those are included. Now when I was thinking about you, I was not thinking about you getting involved with these processes. Rather I was thinking that you could probably help with the content marketing aspect, which at this point doesn't literally exist in our company. We have to Work on establishing the system and be consistent. Select some platforms first, prioritize some platforms first and. Yeah.

Speaker A: Which is suitable for the. For your brand.

Speaker B: Exactly, yeah. And be sure to be consistent across all of those platforms. And the content marketing that I'm thinking of doing is primarily going to happen through my profile first. So it's going to be. I mean it has to exist. Exactly. If I choose LinkedIn it has to be through my profile. So you have to understand that the tone has to match the way I make it. Right. So yeah, that's one thing. That's one big thing. And along with that I was also thinking of short form videos because that's what I have capability for right now. I don't know how to edit videos if I have to do it myself. So if I have somebody dedicated, I personally don't want to waste much time on editing and all of those things. I want to focus on the low hanging fruits first, which could be the LinkedIn content for LinkedIn which is also high impact, high value. And then eventually probably also at the same time. But LinkedIn is a priority, get that right first. And then short form videos on platforms like YouTube Reels, Instagram Reels. But that doesn't do much. Probably those are entertaining. But if you.

Speaker A: LinkedIn is the first priority.

Speaker B: Yeah, LinkedIn is the first priority. But also there after the short form videos, one more thing that we could do is do longer form videos on YouTube. So things like this. So it has to progress, progress first figure out LinkedIn first, different kind of content, maximize what you can do on LinkedIn. Then probably almost at that same time we'll also do the short form videos and then eventually later on long form videos on YouTube. That is how I have been thinking. This is one major thing. And also along with that, if we can expand to website issue, that also helps us build some credibility when someone looks at our website. Yeah. And also helps us with SEO. Right. So helps us with discoverability. That is also something that you can think of later on. Now another thing that I wanted to add, which is the outbound component. Has told you about any of these by the way or what has he shared with you so far?

Speaker A: Told me that you are looking for someone who is supposed to marketing about your brand, about your company.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: He didn't tell me about the details, what exactly you're looking for?

Speaker B: Yeah, he doesn't know. I haven't shared that much with him but okay, that's. So anyway I wanted to know what he shared. That's fine. Now the second Thing is option outbound or outreach campaigns. So for example, outreach these days.

Speaker A: Lead generation.

Speaker B: Yes, lead generation. Is that something that you have done before or is it totally new?

Speaker A: I haven't done actually practically. I'm looking for courses. Currently I'm looking to upskill myself in generative AI, copywriting and ads as well.

Speaker B: Okay, so you're learning.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'm learning those things. I've done meta ads as well as Google Ads in my course. I've run actual ads for my own blog, which I had to do during the course.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I had successful. I was successful ads during the course, but I haven't done it actually in the business, like for a company. I haven't done that.

Speaker B: That's okay. That's okay. It's fine. So the outreach is something that we'd want to add eventually. But you know what? We recently also hired an agency to do that. Although they are not going to use my profile. It's going to be through other business development executives profiles, not through mine. So I'm not sure how exactly it will go in the future. If they are successful, then we'll of course keep on working with them. But at the same time, I'm not very confident in handing over my profile to them and sending a bunch of messages to people. So

Speaker A: one more thing I would like to add. I haven't worked ads directly, but I've worked with verifying the leads for a specific clientele.

Speaker B: Right. We are not talking about ads, by the way here. We are talking about reaching out to DMing people. Like sending messages. So no advertisements.

Speaker A: Yeah, I have done that. Like influencer marketing. I've done. I've reached out to people to get in contact with them for collaborating with us. I've done it recently.

Speaker B: Okay. All right. So this is just to give you an idea. Now one, something that just came to my mind is when you were working, even at your current company or the previous one, what was the organizational structure you were working? I forgot the name of the roles. But how many teammates do you have and who did you have to report to?

Speaker A: How.

Speaker B: How did it work at that time

Speaker A: in Both the companies? 10 to 15 people in both the companies.

Speaker B: Okay. And then who. Who did you.

Speaker A: Not my team as such. We used to report directly to the owner.

Speaker B: Okay. No manager in between? Just the owner.

Speaker A: Okay. I was supposed to be the social media manager in the. In my current organization, people were supposed to report to me.

Speaker B: Oh, but what happened?

Speaker A: No, I wanted to switch later on because of the traveling and all.

Speaker B: Oh, so they offered you A role as a manager. But you didn't want to take the role.

Speaker A: No, I had taken that role. People used to report to me. But later on I thought that traveling and all is a hassle. It was concerning my health and all.

Speaker B: Oh, really? What happened?

Speaker A: I'm stepping back.

Speaker B: Are you okay? Something?

Speaker A: Yeah, I'm good.

Speaker B: No, I mean nothing like okay.

Speaker A: Over exerting myself. That's it.

Speaker B: Uhhuh. Right, right. I get that. Okay. All right.

Speaker A: I couldn't give my 100% to the job. That is what my concern was.

Speaker B: Right. You know, you said that you wanted to really focus on content marketing in your career. First of all, like, what is the reason behind that?

Speaker A: And second is I should like creating content.

Speaker B: You like creating content.

Speaker A: And yeah, I'll tell you one thing, I forgot to mention it earlier. I used to make content while making content. I. One of my client got awarded at a national level for my content.

Speaker B: Okay. Oh, that's great.

Speaker A: If you, if you heard of Maruti Suzuki,

Speaker B: right? Yeah.

Speaker A: One of our client was a dealership for Maruti Suzuki and they wanted us to make a creator for Ganesh Chaturthi two years back and made a creator for them and they won the first prize in national level.

Speaker B: Okay, that's great. That's awesome. Now I mean, what. What do you like about content creating? What's good about that?

Speaker A: The outage which I get being viral. If my content goes viral, I get a kick from it. That's it.

Speaker B: That's the satisfaction you seek?

Speaker A: Yeah, that's it.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: If my video goes viral, I'm happy with that.

Speaker B: And you know, the typical question during any interview is like, how do you see yourself in five years? I'm going to ask you in a similar question, like, what do you really want to do in the future? I mean, really don't give any diplomatic and in a corporate level answer, what do you really want to do?

Speaker A: Not a diplomatic answer as such, but I would like to see myself handling an agency for digital marketing.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. All right. How. How many years do you think that will take to get started?

Speaker A: Maybe five to ten years.

Speaker B: Maybe five to ten years. Okay. Why so long?

Speaker A: Depending on. Yeah, it's still a long way to go.

Speaker B: What's stopping you from starting right now?

Speaker A: Having a current setback recently, like stepping onto the. I dived into social media. It was like going from a kid's pool to a ocean was the social media I used to do in my current agency. And then I jumped into the next one. It was like that. I got the Depth of what social media is.

Speaker B: Oh really? So the opportunity is much bigger in the current agency, you mean?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Right. But then if you switch to, let's say my agency, then the opportunity, the pool of it, it gets smaller, isn't it?

Speaker A: Yeah, that is actually a great thing for me. Smaller things are easier to grasp.

Speaker B: But if you think about your future,

Speaker A: also like to go into performance marketing, which I'm really trying to go for a long time. I joined digital marketing to go into performance actually, but I didn't get a chance, actually.

Speaker B: But you were focusing on content.

Speaker A: Yeah. So if I know what content is to go into performance, that will help me a lot. Usually the ones who know how to target ads don't know how to create content. They need someone to create content.

Speaker B: You will not get that opportunity in. In this company. Right? Isn't it?

Speaker A: We're not advertising.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I like to connect with people.

Speaker B: Right. All right, Sartuk, that's. I think that's. And this is good amount of information that you shared with me. What I would like to do next is like, you know, ask a few more questions, of course. But as the next steps, I would love to see some of your work. Send me your portfolio. And here, please be honest to yourself and share your own work that you really contributed and also share your best work because you want to show yourself as possible.

Speaker A: I won't share something which is not done by me.

Speaker B: No, I mean, I understand you contributed, but then what matters is the kind of things that you really strategized and what you executed. That's the kind of things I would want to see, right?

Speaker A: Yes, sure.

Speaker B: If it is something that you maybe communicated between the teams, that is also something coordinated. But the actual strategy was not done by you. So I would not want to. I would want to prioritize the ones that you especially you worked on. That's one thing.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: And a few questions.

Speaker A: I'll tell you something that I have worked on, I have strategized and I have executed.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. Yeah. And second thing is what. What do you have in mind? Like how quickly do you want to switch? Is it something very urgent that you want to switch immediately? How are you thinking about it?

Speaker A: I can do it as soon as I can. Not too urgent as such.

Speaker B: Okay, so give me a range. Let's say I would want you to join right away. So how much time would you take in that case?

Speaker A: Within a week I can join.

Speaker B: Okay. No notice. Okay.

Speaker A: Not currently.

Speaker B: And let's say I. This is something that I don't want to go ahead with right away in that case, like, will you. What will you do? Will you look for, like, is it like you are trying to switch the job right away? Is it something that you don't want to continue at all? Are you in that kind of situation?

Speaker A: Not exactly. I'll be looking for another job. I can continue it.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Till I get another one.

Speaker B: All right. And. And also the salary. This is something that you have to talk about, right? What's your. What kind of expectation do you have?

Speaker A: Currently? I'm on 25k for a month.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I'm looking for something between 25 to 30.

Speaker B: Okay. All right. And one catch here is that. And this is for everybody. You can probably. When someone works with us, it's because you are not a registered company in India. We are registered in Canada. We cannot hire anybody from India as an employee. And this is just for the tax purposes. You will be. You'll be like an employee. You'll be full time. You will be getting salary every month like you do as an employee. But when you file for your taxes, you'll be considered an independent contractor. Is that something you're. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, that is not a. Yeah, that is not an issue with me.

Speaker B: Okay. All right. So I think this is good enough for from my end. Do you have anything else that you want to ask? Because I'm the one who just kept on asking questions.

Speaker A: No, not currently.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker A: I might have some question later on. Not currently. I don't have any questions currently.

Speaker B: Okay. All right, so let me know if you have any questions later on. You can email me if you want. And I look forward to the work, the portfolio.

Speaker A: I'll share it with you as soon as possible.

Speaker B: And if we want to go ahead, Sarthak, as the next step I would probably want you to work on, I'll probably give you a practical thing that we have to do, content writing that we actually have to do in the company, something similar. And that will be like a test, little test. So that could be one.

Speaker A: I'll look forward to it.

Speaker B: Well, yeah, that could be the next step. But yeah, if we decide to move forward, that is what you can expect next. All right.

Speaker A: Something like an assignment, right?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, something like. It's something exactly like what you have to do in the company. Similar to that.

Speaker A: Yeah, definitely.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: Shaktak, nice talking to you.

Speaker A: Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity.

Speaker B: No problem. Have a good night. Bye now.

