Transcript for: Recording__274.mp4
Title: Recording #274
============================================================

Employer currently. Okay. Hey Kuber, how are you? Hi. Good, good. Go ahead please. Okay, so a little bit. I believe Balari already gave you the context, so. Yeah, my situation I already mentioned. But not your situation. Got it. So the company is fairly new. I. It's like it's been almost two years now and right now I'm. I'm the only person. She was working with me as a contractor and she's in Vancouver, I'm in Toronto and it's a work or work from home situation. So that's the context. I believe already can ask the questions now. Go ahead. Yeah, so I wanted to apply for PR through the CEO program. And my question was that what are the criteria for the employer so that the employee has a eligible work experience experience for the program, like anything in terms of revenue or minimum employee or some business. Is there any requirement? No, I mean as an employee, the employer has no conditions or requirements. It is you. You have to be working, you have to be paid. You cannot be working as a contractor. Contract work experience is not considered as eligible. So you have to be on the payroll. The employer has to give you your salary. They have to issue your pay stubs, they have to issue your T4s. There has to be the deduction of your CRA remittances and paid to CRA on your behal. So no requirement on. From the company side that I have to. The company should be big enough like there should be minimum numbers of employees or any requirement from. No, no, no. Absolutely nothing at all. They are registered, they are your employer, they are giving you your salary. You're working. Contractor is not eligible. As long as they pay you a salary, they are withholding your taxes and paying to CRA on your behalf. You have your T4s, then you're good. There is nothing else required. Okay. I asked because I saw that there are certain requirements for the PNP programs for the Ontario pnp. No, we're not talking about pnp. We are talking about. You asked me for CEC Express entry. We are talking about that. Yeah. Okay. So there will be no circumstances that IRCC will challenge the legitimacy of my work experience. Even if your voice is not at all clear, you know, it's. It's very follow. And I can't really understand what you're saying. Can you listen to me properly now? I. I can hear you. Yes, go ahead. Yeah, so I was concerned because the company I'm working, Lecture Homes company is fairly new. It's like two years in business. So I was thinking that will the IRCC challenge the work legitimacy. If I apply through the CEC program, the company can be two days old. It doesn't matter. Okay. Okay. You know, I was something that I wanted to ask Kubir. You mentioned that she has to be an employee. So I am awarded. CRA has some guideline on how they define employee versus contractor. So I was a bit concerned if under any circumstances they may come after me and say, well, no, she doesn't look like she is an EI eligible employee. Is there a way of assuring that she will always be eligible as an employee, categorized as an employee? I'm not sure what you're trying to ask me, but you're mixing up things. If she's working for you, employer, employee, relationship, she does the work, you pay the salary, you withhold the taxes, you pay the CRA for the taxes you pay, give her a pay stub, pay her salary. Then there's nothing that eligibility there. Got it? Okay. Yeah. The questions that we have been asking are kind of similar because we want to be 100% certain that it's going to be okay. I think that's all for the CEC related work experience. Is there something else that we should be asking you or should be aware of in this regard? I don't know what you should be asking me. It all depends on what you need to understand. No, I mean regarding this situation. Is there any precautionary step that we should be taking? That's what I'm asking. Yeah, but that's what I'm saying. I do not know what your concerns are. How can I tell you what you should be asking me if your concern is only about the eligibility of her as an employee? There is no such thing. I mean, you as an employer, withhold her taxes that she needs to pay to the government. You pay the government the taxes, she gets paid her salary, you give her a pay stub at the end of the tax year, you give her a T4. That's it. That is the only requirement. If you still are concerned, you should be speaking to a tax consultant or to a CPA who can give you better understanding of what the tax law or taxation requirements are. Got it? Awesome. All right, that's all from my side. I think she has one more question regarding her work experience in India. Please go ahead. Yeah, so I already have three years of work experience in India. And I was thinking that if I finish my study right now and applying for work permit, should I open my express entry profile right now because I have my TSK score is not that high, like the cutoff. But it doesn't matter. You can create your Express Entry profile. It is. Even if your score is low. It doesn't matter if you create your Express Entry profile. And if any province is interested in your profile, then you are always you. You always have an opportunity to get invited. For example, Alberta, they tend to invite people even with a low score of 300. So always you should have an Express Entry profile. Okay, great. Thank you. And she can open that right after she gets the work permit. Not before that, I believe. Is this the case? I'm sorry, what I'm saying. And she can open her Express Entry profile right after she gets the work permit, not before. That is that you can open at any point of time. Being on a student, being a worker is not a precondition. Well, okay. And that is not opening that profile before getting the work permit. Postgraduate work permit is not going to. You're mixing up, my friend. You're mixing up so many different things. Okay. Her tax profile, her SIN number, her status has got nothing to do with the Express Entry profile. No, no. Not regarding the express Entry profile, but the postgraduate work permit. Is that going to be a problematic situation? You cannot work full time until she applies for postgraduate work permit. Yes, I get that. So what's the question? The question is, if she opens the Express Entry profile before getting the postgraduate work permit, can that not connected? Express entry profile has got nothing to do with postgraduate work permit, Study permit status, not having status, nothing. Okay, I get it. I'm not asking the question from the express entry point of view, but rather the work permit point of view. I know. Postgraduate work permit can be. One can apply for that once in a lifetime, right? Not. It cannot be repeated. I believe so. My question is, if she applies for PR that creates the profile, can that limit her ability to apply for the postgraduate work permit? That's what I've been trying to explain to you. For the third time. It is not connected. There is no relationship between an express Entry profile and a postgraduate work permit. Got it? Okay. She applies for postgraduate work permit primarily on the basis of her studies that she has completed. Express Entry profile is just a declaration of what her profile is. That she has this education, she has this language score, she has this work experience. Right. She has a work permit. She doesn't have a work permit. Has no relevance whatsoever. They both are not connected in any manner. Correct. Okay. Still clear. Still. Yes, it's clear. It's clear. Now, we wanted to ask some questions about lmi. Go ahead. The first thing that I was wondering if that is something that applies to our case because I'm going to hire her anyway and then even after that, can we get an LMI for her? From your background, it seems not. You are just two years old, which is not a problem. But it seems you do not have any specific turnover of your company, do you? Yeah, we do. I mean, what is your company. What is your company turnover? It's not high. It's 150. Okay. Okay. What? What? When you filed your taxes, did you file your taxes for the company already? Yeah. Okay. What was your annual income for your taxes? It was after the expenses, I can say it was about 110. Okay. Yes, you can file for an LMIA. Okay. All right. So in that case, I have more questions. Go ahead. So, okay, it doesn't matter if I hire her now, even if she gets hired now, I can apply for an LMIA and she add her name to that later on. Is that the case? You can apply for open lmia, which is pre approved with no employee name, or you can add her as an employee. Both options are open. Yes. Okay, understood. And then what are the requirements on the employer's end and employee's end? Employee has no requirement for lmia. The employee has got nothing to do with the lmia. Only the employer. Only the employer can apply for the lmia. The requirement is, first, you have to advertise and very strict conditions around advertising. After you complete the advertising process, you have to conduct recruitment efforts to show that you have tried to hire a permanent resident or a citizen. Once you complete the recruitment effort, then you prepare your application for lmia. And then you wait. After you submit the application, you wait to get interviewed. ESDC will conduct an interview. They will question you why you need this person, what have you done to identify this person to hire locally and why you haven't been able to find this person locally. What has been your business, where do you operate from, what kind of services you provide, what has been your turnover, what kind of profitability you have? Once they are satisfied, then they will approve your lmia. Okay. So this is quite a process. It is, yes. Yeah, I see. And I have a question. How long the whole process can be taken? It can take about four months at this point of time. Okay. All right. And in terms of proving financial capability of hiring an employee, like what are the proofs that I can present? Is this monthly cash flow that I can show that? This is the history. You have to provide your bank statements, you will have to provide a Letter from the CPA to say that you are financially solid to hire an employee. You'll have to provide your tax documents and you will have to provide your business documents in terms of your CRA business registration T125s that you have submitted and any kind of. Yeah, that's pretty much it. Got it. Okay. And if I hire her with lmi, do I have any obligation to keep her keeper employed for a certain duration? Well, you are obligated under all the conditions of a foreign worker act as an employer. You have to pay the median wage, not the lower wage. So you will have to identify what the median wage for that position is in your province, in your city. You have to pay on time. You have to provide a safe workplace environment. You have to comply with all the conditions of the employer. Employer, Foreign Worker Employment Act. Got it. Okay. And what is the cost associated with this process, excluding the consultant's fee? And then I'm also going to ask for your fee as a consultant. $1,000 is the official fee for ESDC. That is what they charge for the LMIA application. Okay. And if I work with you, 5,000 Canadian dollars. Got it. Okay. Makes sense. All right. And you did mention the wage has to be median. Is that. Is there any. Is that the case all the time? Or is it like it can. All the time. All the time. Every single time. For an lmia, it has to be the median wage. Oh, sorry. More than the median wage. Understood. All right. That's all the question that I had. Is there something else that you would like to ask Valerie? Not really. What? From my point of view, I was thinking that I think the LMIA process may be a bit complicated. Right. So should I just go under the CC and wait for my one year of experience for getting my entirely? Up to you. It all depends on your scores. It depends on your profile. It depends on what you might get invited with or not get invited with. Okay. LMIA will add 50 points to your score. So what you should be doing is you should be calculating your scores after you have taken your ielts to see where you stand currently and after completing one year of work experience. Experience. All right. Something else will learn. Not really. Okay. Do you have clarity on all your queries, Concerns? Questions? Yeah. I was mainly concerned regarding the company situation. But you said that if it's two days old and there's no restriction, number of employees or nothing. Not at all. Absolutely. Also, I'm in Vancouver, even Toronto. I was thinking like. Like it's work from home, so it should be a problem or not or anything. It's absolutely, absolutely fine. As long as you're getting paid your salary. And at the end of the year, at the end of the tax year, you are issued with a T4, you're fine. Yeah, it's just that you're. As a contractor, it is ineligible. So please do not be working as a contractor. Be working as an employee so that you get paid a salary with tax deductions. Okay, got it. All right, then. So if there is nothing else, that's all from our end. And thank you so much for your help. Thank you, Soham. Thank you, Balari. Wish you guys all the best. Thank you. Take care. Have a good day.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Employer currently. Okay.

Speaker B: Hey Kuber, how are you?

Speaker C: Hi. Good, good. Go ahead please.

Speaker B: Okay, so a little bit. I believe Balari already gave you the context, so.

Speaker A: Yeah, my situation I already mentioned. But not your situation.

Speaker B: Got it. So the company is fairly new. I. It's like it's been almost two years now and right now I'm. I'm the only person. She was working with me as a contractor and she's in Vancouver, I'm in Toronto and it's a work or work from home situation. So that's the context. I believe already can ask the questions now.

Speaker C: Go ahead.

Speaker A: Yeah, so I wanted to apply for PR through the CEO program. And my question was that what are the criteria for the employer so that the employee has a eligible work experience experience for the program, like anything in terms of revenue or minimum employee or some business. Is there any requirement?

Speaker C: No, I mean as an employee, the employer has no conditions or requirements. It is you. You have to be working, you have to be paid. You cannot be working as a contractor. Contract work experience is not considered as eligible. So you have to be on the payroll. The employer has to give you your salary. They have to issue your pay stubs, they have to issue your T4s. There has to be the deduction of your CRA remittances and paid to CRA on your behal.

Speaker A: So no requirement on. From the company side that I have to. The company should be big enough like there should be minimum numbers of employees or any requirement from.

Speaker C: No, no, no. Absolutely nothing at all. They are registered, they are your employer, they are giving you your salary. You're working. Contractor is not eligible. As long as they pay you a salary, they are withholding your taxes and paying to CRA on your behalf. You have your T4s, then you're good. There is nothing else required.

Speaker A: Okay. I asked because I saw that there are certain requirements for the PNP programs for the Ontario pnp.

Speaker C: No, we're not talking about pnp. We are talking about. You asked me for CEC Express entry. We are talking about that.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. So there will be no circumstances that IRCC will challenge the legitimacy of my work experience.

Speaker C: Even if your voice is not at all clear, you know, it's. It's very follow. And I can't really understand what you're saying.

Speaker A: Can you listen to me properly now?

Speaker C: I. I can hear you. Yes, go ahead.

Speaker A: Yeah, so I was concerned because the company I'm working, Lecture Homes company is fairly new. It's like two years in business. So I was thinking that will the IRCC challenge the work legitimacy. If I apply through the CEC program,

Speaker C: the company can be two days old. It doesn't matter.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. You know, I was something that I wanted to ask Kubir. You mentioned that she has to be an employee. So I am awarded. CRA has some guideline on how they define employee versus contractor. So I was a bit concerned if under any circumstances they may come after me and say, well, no, she doesn't look like she is an EI eligible employee. Is there a way of assuring that she will always be eligible as an employee, categorized as an employee?

Speaker C: I'm not sure what you're trying to ask me, but you're mixing up things. If she's working for you, employer, employee, relationship, she does the work, you pay the salary, you withhold the taxes, you pay the CRA for the taxes you pay, give her a pay stub, pay her salary. Then there's nothing that eligibility there.

Speaker B: Got it? Okay. Yeah. The questions that we have been asking are kind of similar because we want to be 100% certain that it's going to be okay. I think that's all for the CEC related work experience. Is there something else that we should be asking you or should be aware of in this regard?

Speaker C: I don't know what you should be asking me. It all depends on what you need to understand.

Speaker B: No, I mean regarding this situation. Is there any precautionary step that we should be taking? That's what I'm asking.

Speaker C: Yeah, but that's what I'm saying. I do not know what your concerns are. How can I tell you what you should be asking me if your concern is only about the eligibility of her as an employee? There is no such thing. I mean, you as an employer, withhold her taxes that she needs to pay to the government. You pay the government the taxes, she gets paid her salary, you give her a pay stub at the end of the tax year, you give her a T4. That's it. That is the only requirement. If you still are concerned, you should be speaking to a tax consultant or to a CPA who can give you better understanding of what the tax law or taxation requirements are.

Speaker A: Got it?

Speaker B: Awesome. All right, that's all from my side. I think she has one more question regarding her work experience in India.

Speaker C: Please go ahead.

Speaker A: Yeah, so I already have three years of work experience in India. And I was thinking that if I finish my study right now and applying for work permit, should I open my express entry profile right now because I have my TSK score is not that high, like the cutoff. But it doesn't matter.

Speaker C: You can create your Express Entry profile. It is. Even if your score is low. It doesn't matter if you create your Express Entry profile. And if any province is interested in your profile, then you are always you. You always have an opportunity to get invited. For example, Alberta, they tend to invite people even with a low score of 300. So always you should have an Express Entry profile.

Speaker A: Okay, great. Thank you.

Speaker B: And she can open that right after she gets the work permit. Not before that, I believe. Is this the case? I'm sorry, what I'm saying. And she can open her Express Entry profile right after she gets the work permit, not before. That is that you can open at

Speaker C: any point of time. Being on a student, being a worker is not a precondition.

Speaker B: Well, okay. And that is not opening that profile before getting the work permit. Postgraduate work permit is not going to.

Speaker C: You're mixing up, my friend. You're mixing up so many different things.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Her tax profile, her SIN number, her status has got nothing to do with the Express Entry profile.

Speaker B: No, no. Not regarding the express Entry profile, but the postgraduate work permit. Is that going to be a problematic situation?

Speaker C: You cannot work full time until she applies for postgraduate work permit.

Speaker B: Yes, I get that.

Speaker C: So what's the question?

Speaker B: The question is, if she opens the Express Entry profile before getting the postgraduate work permit, can that not connected?

Speaker C: Express entry profile has got nothing to do with postgraduate work permit, Study permit status, not having status, nothing.

Speaker B: Okay, I get it. I'm not asking the question from the express entry point of view, but rather the work permit point of view. I know. Postgraduate work permit can be. One can apply for that once in a lifetime, right? Not. It cannot be repeated. I believe so. My question is, if she applies for PR that creates the profile, can that limit her ability to apply for the postgraduate work permit?

Speaker C: That's what I've been trying to explain to you. For the third time. It is not connected. There is no relationship between an express Entry profile and a postgraduate work permit.

Speaker B: Got it? Okay.

Speaker C: She applies for postgraduate work permit primarily on the basis of her studies that she has completed. Express Entry profile is just a declaration of what her profile is. That she has this education, she has this language score, she has this work experience.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker C: She has a work permit. She doesn't have a work permit. Has no relevance whatsoever. They both are not connected in any manner.

Speaker B: Correct. Okay.

Speaker C: Still clear. Still.

Speaker B: Yes, it's clear. It's clear. Now, we wanted to ask some questions about lmi.

Speaker C: Go ahead.

Speaker B: The first thing that I was wondering if that is something that applies to our case because I'm going to hire her anyway and then even after that, can we get an LMI for her?

Speaker C: From your background, it seems not. You are just two years old, which is not a problem. But it seems you do not have any specific turnover of your company, do you?

Speaker B: Yeah, we do.

Speaker C: I mean, what is your company. What is your company turnover?

Speaker B: It's not high. It's 150. Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. What? What? When you filed your taxes, did you file your taxes for the company already?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: What was your annual income for your taxes?

Speaker B: It was after the expenses, I can say it was about 110.

Speaker C: Okay. Yes, you can file for an LMIA.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: All right. So in that case, I have more questions.

Speaker C: Go ahead. So,

Speaker B: okay, it doesn't matter if I hire her now, even if she gets hired now, I can apply for an LMIA and she add her name to that later on. Is that the case?

Speaker C: You can apply for open lmia, which is pre approved with no employee name, or you can add her as an employee. Both options are open.

Speaker B: Yes. Okay, understood. And then what are the requirements on the employer's end and employee's end?

Speaker C: Employee has no requirement for lmia. The employee has got nothing to do with the lmia. Only the employer. Only the employer can apply for the lmia. The requirement is, first, you have to advertise and very strict conditions around advertising. After you complete the advertising process, you have to conduct recruitment efforts to show that you have tried to hire a permanent resident or a citizen. Once you complete the recruitment effort, then you prepare your application for lmia. And then you wait. After you submit the application, you wait to get interviewed. ESDC will conduct an interview. They will question you why you need this person, what have you done to identify this person to hire locally and why you haven't been able to find this person locally. What has been your business, where do you operate from, what kind of services you provide, what has been your turnover, what kind of profitability you have? Once they are satisfied, then they will approve your lmia.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So this is quite a process.

Speaker C: It is, yes.

Speaker B: Yeah, I see.

Speaker A: And I have a question. How long the whole process can be taken?

Speaker C: It can take about four months at this point of time.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: All right. And in terms of proving financial capability of hiring an employee, like what are the proofs that I can present? Is this monthly cash flow that I can show that? This is the history.

Speaker C: You have to provide your bank statements, you will have to provide a Letter from the CPA to say that you are financially solid to hire an employee. You'll have to provide your tax documents and you will have to provide your business documents in terms of your CRA business registration T125s that you have submitted and any kind of. Yeah, that's pretty much it.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. And if I hire her with lmi, do I have any obligation to keep her keeper employed for a certain duration?

Speaker C: Well, you are obligated under all the conditions of a foreign worker act as an employer. You have to pay the median wage, not the lower wage. So you will have to identify what the median wage for that position is in your province, in your city. You have to pay on time. You have to provide a safe workplace environment. You have to comply with all the conditions of the employer. Employer, Foreign Worker Employment Act.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. And what is the cost associated with this process, excluding the consultant's fee? And then I'm also going to ask for your fee as a consultant.

Speaker C: $1,000 is the official fee for ESDC. That is what they charge for the LMIA application.

Speaker B: Okay. And if I work with you, 5,000 Canadian dollars. Got it. Okay. Makes sense. All right. And you did mention the wage has to be median. Is that. Is there any. Is that the case all the time? Or is it like it can.

Speaker C: All the time.

Speaker B: All the time.

Speaker C: Every single time. For an lmia, it has to be the median wage. Oh, sorry. More than the median wage.

Speaker B: Understood. All right. That's all the question that I had. Is there something else that you would like to ask Valerie?

Speaker A: Not really. What? From my point of view, I was thinking that I think the LMIA process may be a bit complicated. Right. So should I just go under the CC and wait for my one year of experience for getting my entirely?

Speaker C: Up to you. It all depends on your scores. It depends on your profile. It depends on what you might get invited with or not get invited with.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: LMIA will add 50 points to your score. So what you should be doing is you should be calculating your scores after you have taken your ielts to see where you stand currently and after completing one year of work experience. Experience.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: Something else will learn.

Speaker A: Not really.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Do you have clarity on all your queries, Concerns? Questions?

Speaker A: Yeah. I was mainly concerned regarding the company situation. But you said that if it's two days old and there's no restriction, number of employees or nothing.

Speaker C: Not at all. Absolutely.

Speaker A: Also, I'm in Vancouver, even Toronto. I was thinking like. Like it's work from home, so it should be a problem or not or anything.

Speaker C: It's absolutely, absolutely fine. As long as you're getting paid your salary. And at the end of the year, at the end of the tax year, you are issued with a T4, you're fine. Yeah, it's just that you're. As a contractor, it is ineligible. So please do not be working as a contractor. Be working as an employee so that you get paid a salary with tax deductions.

Speaker A: Okay, got it.

Speaker B: All right, then. So if there is nothing else, that's all from our end. And thank you so much for your help.

Speaker C: Thank you, Soham. Thank you, Balari. Wish you guys all the best.

Speaker B: Thank you.

Speaker C: Take care.

Speaker A: Have a good day.

