Transcript for: Recording__948.mp4
Title: Recording #948
============================================================

Wow. So kind of two things. One is if I can show you my price curves and if I can get your thinking. And then number two, like, we should think about the. You know, my Amazon guy kind of disappeared on me for six months last year, and then he came back, and then he set everything up right. Better. Chocolate Canada, U.S. we had, like, eight SKUs in Canada or nine SKUs in Canada and then 10 in the U.S. and he took care of everything, and he had the influencer program, and he didn't. It didn't cost me anything. Right. So he was. No charge because he was on shares. But that company shut down. But. But I'm thinking, like, you know, I'm thinking maybe it would make more sense for me to work with you and pay you, because, A, you. You know, you're pretty good so far, and B, you actually respond to requests. And. And, you know, now that I've seen your deck, like, you know, I kind of know your process, and I trust it. So think about that. I might need more of your hours than. Than I. Than you need from me in the short term. I don't know. So we would just, you know, keep track. And. And. And I want to make sure, like, it's a fair deal for you, but, you know, I might. I might need to be one of your clients, because we're launching in January. Like, it's crazy, and, like, I need someone. I need someone who's, like, gonna, like, open up the account, and initially we're gonna have issues because we don't have the registry, but I need someone that. So I can. You know, I can. We can talk about the payment, but I can do cash. I can do shares, and we can do, like, exchange of hours. You know, You're a good guy. I'm a good person. I just wanted to be fair. Like, I'm in. I'm not in the business of screwing anybody, and I don't think you are either. So, anyway, so if you're okay with that, we'll. We'll start counting the hours and see how it goes. And we should just chat, you know, on the weekend, like, how you want to get paid when we can think about it, right? We can say, let's try for a week, and then we can adjust. Like, I'm very, very flexible. Yeah. But there's three options. So if you're okay right now and just, you know, think about it. And then, of course, I work weekends all the time, because now I have, you know, clients, and I'm pretty sure I can get you in To. To. I'm pretty sure I can get you into three farmers. And they. They'd be a. Like, they'd be a real account. Right. They're 200,000. Like, and I think they will benefit a lot. Susie. I. From what I have seen, I don't think they advertise properly. Okay, perfect. You need to send me. So after we hang up, you need to send me bullet points right between. Now I sent it to you on WhatsApp. Yeah, yeah. No, send me an email on. Yeah, because I'm gonna forward it to them. Okay. So send me an email and just be specific. Okay. So what I'm doing right now, what I need to pick your brain right now on, is we have this test going on where I kind of landed on the pricing. So the pricing I landed on with math William. And I'm just doing more. The pricing I winded up is they. These guys were suggesting 28 for the cups and the hot chocolate, but the cups at 28 so us. So I'm going to start us and then go to Canada in a sec. So it was starting with 28 U.S. but I said no. Like, quest is. Quest is $30 for three bags. So $10 per bag, about. And more grams. I'm not gonna go one bag for 28. Like, that's insane. So I did one bag in the test, one bag for 18, but quest is three bags for 30. Right. So 18 is an 80% premium. So that's already a bit expensive. But. So, like, I. I'm playing around with the pricing. The pricing I offered to Costco is literally too low. The gross margins, a disaster. But they're kind of. Well, not a disaster, but. So I. I kind of need to figure out the Amazon pricing. But I'm thinking if Quest is $30 for three bags in the US and in Canada, they're $18 for one bag. I'm okay with 24 in Canada. Like, absolutely. Like this. I'll put in yellow, I'll put in green. The ones I'm okay with. Sorry, I'll put in purple, the ones I'm okay with. So this I'm pretty sure makes sense, right? Like, Quest is 18. We're a healthier version. 24 seems to make sense. This is a bit high, I think, but we'll see what the research says. So if it's 24 here, then they're all like, 24, right? Because it's kind of logical. Like, it's all. They're all the same. Like, it's all the same grams. So now you're about, you know, $24 for 100 and 104 grams, right? So that's kind of your ratio, which is the same as bloom and set up and clever and organic tradition in power powder world. In powder world. So in this world wits with like, because that's the next thing we're going to do is adding adaptogens. But right now, without. With adaptogens, they're all. These guys are all $25 for a hundred grams. In Canada, I'm 25. I'm $28 for 350. Right. Like, like literally a third of the price. So my P. L. Like, so that's what I've been wrestling with with tgx because I have to send him a quote on this. And like, like so, so then I've been doing hot chocolate. Hot chocolate. Hot chocolate benchmarking. $22 for 350 can be considered low in the U.S. like it? It kind of really depends. So I think Matt had said $28 here. 28 for 350. But again, I like, I'm just. So what I've been doing this morning one last time is let's just focus on Canada because I'm short on time. So on Canada. Oops. In Canada, like, you don't have a lot of hot chocolate. So, you know, you have this guy which is hot chocolate with ashwagandha. So it's a bit of a benchmark because, you know, they're $16 for 115 grams. So, you know, $32 for 300. So at 28 Canadian, I'm about like this. It's still more expensive than Bloom, right? Because Bloom, all of the. All of the coffee replacements are $25. All these guys, unanimously, every single brand is 25 for 100 grams. So I would like kind of be priced like half like, you know, hot chocolate. So a little bit more than a little bit. Oh, wait, sorry. I want to go Amazon.ca so I'm kind of like is $28 for 350. So this is 32 for 300. But it has ashwagandha. Then there's all this. But forget that, right? It's 20 cents per serving. Then there's this guy. So this guy is $22 for 12. So $2 per serving, right? So without. And this is crappy cacao, but no one knows it, right? It's alkali crap. So alkali crap. Right. Processed with alkali. And they're all proud. And soy lettuce and garbage. Right. And sugar. Right. So garbage, garbage. But so $2 per serving at $28 here, Canadian. My servings are 36 grams. Oh, I forgot to change this. Oops. Okay. Yeah, yeah. So. So now I'm. Where is it? It's 28 divided by 350 divided by 36. It's 13, I think, sir. Servings 13, right? I mean, no, no, less than, less than 10. Okay, wait, so 35. Oh, wait, it's like we'll say 10. We'll. We'll round it up. We'll round it up to 10. Say. So now it's 280 per serving. Like that's. That's not bad. Because I was thinking in retail because I'm doing this other. This is my secret master chart, right? Like 350 at 28. Like this is sacred, super, super important chart. Canadian. This is Canadian. Now. So 28 for 350 is about 288 per serving. But with the 108 for TJX, I would go like 1199, which is $4 because I go higher, right? You pretend higher with TJX and then you give them 20%. Right? So here it's. If this is 1199, 35 margin list price is 779. Like you actually have to show them this. So you look, this formula is 20% less. So it's just. But then I was like, oh, this is not high enough. Like 623. Yeah, it's my. It's not bad. So this is kind of where I'm. I'm kind of landing so inflated fake $12. It's actually like $12 for Loblaws say, because Loblaws is 649. But then they take all this trade. So loblaws right now is 9.99 and my dead net to them is around 5 something. And I'm not making money with my chocolates that I discontinued. So here TJX wants dead net. So deadnet means everything in. Oh. So I have to be careful. So here it's zero. Oh, so this is 620. Yeah. So they want dead net and as does Costco. So. So if I sell 779 to Low Carb Farm Boy Whole Foods, there's 15%. So it starts here. 779 minus 15%. So TJX may not go for 623 if they might ask for a bit lower. But so I'm kind of thinking it's around here. Like the margins aren't as. They're not going to be like bloom, right where the price is $25 here for 100. Not 959. Right. 25. Just the last thing. I'll just dump on you for a second, then I'll let you. I'll let you talk. For Costco, I didn't send pricing, but the pricing I did the math on was $45 for 908, approximately. So that is $45 for 908. And here there was the 14%. So that is. What is that? 5 cents. And here were 8 cents. So 5 cents. And here were 9 cents. I mean, so that's. This is too low. But the organic tradition is $45 for 908. Like, they're here, I think, look, their. Their Costco, they're $39 for 908, which is. Yeah, so cacao plus ashwagandha is 39, you know, 4 cents, which is pretty low. I can match them here, but I would go like, much higher. So I think it's safe if I go. Hey, hey, hey. If I go to the consumer, $0.09 versus this $0.04, I think that's a safe ratio. Okay, so then the question is, is organic tradition about the right price? And we're kind of saying go a bit higher because preserving here, we're saying, I'm going to be with it. Oh, what did we say? Where did we say per serving? This was 10 serving. Yeah, this is 280 per serving. But this, I think is $4 per serving. Right? So this. Yeah, this is $4 per serving, right. $12 divided by three. Four. $4 per serving. 288 on Amazon. Usually these are the same. Like, usually this and this should be the same. But, like, I'm not gonna tell. There's no way I'm telling TJX 9.99. Like, I'm telling TJX. Like, the question is, do I go higher than this? And do I. If so, technically I would go higher than this. But we still have a month for Amazon, right? Like. Like, we should start the listing process, like next week. But. But we could change it. Tjx, I can't change. And whatever price I give him now is going to go in the test. And 600 stores is a lot. And if the test is successful, he wants four flavors in September. Right. So, Suzy, so now, how can I help you here? How does it. Well, how can. Based on what you. Yeah, based on what? You know, on Amazon, like, is $28 for $350 and $12 for 108. Like, do you want to take 10 minutes and see if we're based on Canada protein hot chocolate, what do you recommend? Prices? Sure. Yeah, yeah. Okay, so let me send you a copy of this and tell me if directionally based on. Just do a little Amazon search like with the competitors Amazon Canada. Just take 10 minutes and tell me if like this is directionally right. So Amazon would be $28 for 350 or $12 for 108. Ignore the TJX here. Okay. And just tell me with a bit Google search. You know, if you're my agency and I'm your client, let's skip step one, two, three and just give me your gut feeling on is this the right ballpark? Okay, sure. Yeah. I'll do a price comparison and tell you about what I think. I have to email him this morning, but just high level. Okay. Okay. Now what? Do you have anything for me, questions for me? Well, right now probably just the three farmers. So I'll just send you the bullet points if you could take a look at your WhatsApp message, if that seems like a thing. Maybe I'll organize that a little bit more and then send it to you. Is that fine? Wait, wait, wait. It's here. Wait, wait. So okay, images and content need improvement then I have mentioned what exactly? I don't know if I should mention that to them, but yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. The other thing you have to add. Okay, so send me an email and go by bucket. You know how you in the PowerPoint you had the buckets. So go like overall, you know Overall, you know, 200,000amonth and whatever reviews they have and whatever they're selling overall is it you know, soft, medium, hard, like is it, you know how do you think overall the brand is doing then a bullet point on the skus they're offering. They have too many skus. They don't have the right skus. They, they're not adverti. I don't think they're advertising the right skus. Right. That they're advertising the chocolate. So just go in an organized way. Headline, you know, overall 200,000 per month on Canada and whatever in the US that's good or bad. Whatever it is below it is which skus they're they're selling. What's your take? Chocolate. They should not be advertising chocolate. It's not even a strategic priority. They're, they're multi pack is, is what they should have 90% of their effort on their snack pack. So just say that right? Say you know, don't waste your money. I told her this already. Don't waste your money on chocolate. Like it's a miniature thing and people want the variety pack. So then say, okay, what you're advertising, good, bad, and recommend. Like they already want to simplify the whole lineup. But you, from an Amazon perspective, you know, my buddy William, he just launched three magnesiums because he wants to own all the different magnesium by glycinets. And so number two is, you know, what skews are they focusing on? They have too many, too few Snack packs should be the hero. Like, just say something about that. And therefore don't spend ad money on chocolate. It will never, ever pay out. Their chocolate is not going to pay out. Number three is. Then you get into their listings. What do you think about their listings? Good. Small ad videos at a store, blah, blah, blah. Number four is their actual ad and ad spend. So use the same logic that we have in your deck. So then that they see that because they're both the, they're, they're very, the CEO is very, very smart. So it's going to come like top of the funnel, right? Like, she's going to see that you first look like, what I do as a CMO. Is 200,000 the right number? Number two, are they focused on the Hero? Skew, Lovegood, Fats, Amazon and Shopify. 85% of the sales were the variety pack one skew. Then Mint started slaying it. Because there was a tactical advantage with Mint and SEO. For some reason, Mint wind up like getting insane. And lemon, there was no one else had a lemon. So, you know, we were able to profitably be tactical with Lemon and Mint on the six pack. But the variety pack is what everyone wants to buy first, right? So, so go overall, then the number of SKUs, then each of the SKUs, how is their listing and their A plus content and their store, then their ads and then, you know, recap. Therefore, if I were to take this account, you know, I would do a full audit. Number one, you know, recap the steps we just did together. Like, you know, I would do a full audit. I can do a summary audit next week for $500, right? Like do your pitch. So, so it's going to practice because this is your pitch for all clients. You're just going to practice on, you know, a client that, that I can have. Very warm for you. So therefore, you know, I can do a deeper audit and blah, blah, blah for, you know, for. In a week for $500. The things I would consider doing are, you know, relaunch the store with blah, blah, blah, blah. Right. Like just kind of put strategies. Summarize, summarize the buckets and then recap, like what you would do if we were to hire you. And we might hire you like on Tuesday. Right. Because I know Tuesday afternoon is when I'm meeting the team. Got it. And I personally don't think I'll be charging for this audit. It seems like they're right. So. Yeah. And also. But then you just put in your email. You know, I usually charge 500, but, you know, given you're a client as Suzy and I love your brand, I'd love to do an audit, no cost, next week. Right. Okay. Okay. It's all marketing. It's all. I'm just helping you with B2B stuff. Thank you. Okay, and the first thing that you said, 200,000. What did you mean by that? That's their sales. They're selling about 200 per month. Here, wait one sec. I'm going to show you how much they're selling. One sec. Just quick. But you can't quote that. But so you, you. Yeah, so what you can say is, hey, in Canada, you can say, hey, three farmers. One sec. Just two more minutes and then I have to go. Then you have. You have to do pricing first, though. So you can say, hey, I can see that your brand, you know, is where are the sales here? No sales. Where are the sales? I can see with helium 10 how much they're doing. You don't see your sales. Yeah, I can see approximate, like in Canada, probably around. You have to have the tool. Helium 10. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. So your first comment is based on what I can see, I see that your sales are approximately. Whatever. But let me tell you what they are for real. Okay, so. Because I know what they are for real. I downloaded it. Just one sec. So I didn't look here. Okay, so like, pretend you're not supposed to see this because, well, we have an mda, but this is what they. Their real sales are. Okay, so Canada. E. Com. So Canada. So forget this is the oil. We'll just talk about the snacks. So, you know, I don't know what year this is here says 2022. But this is. I don't know, like here. Oh, 2024. Okay, so 186. So $200,000. Right. So just know that. Yeah. In the back of your mind, 200,000 of which Amazon is. Oh, 200,000 must be Shopify. So two. That's the four. 200, 000 is. Yeah, yeah, but they're. They're really close to the forecast. So Amazon is 300 and look, it's growing from 22 to 20. Well, it's pretty stable and they're down versus year ago like 30 or something. 18. Whatever, whatever it is. So 286 and they had a forecast of 319 but there's missing a month. So they're going to hit, they're going to hit their forecast. And then.com.com is snacks is 100. 164. 164. 164 US so they have the oil. So I let me send you a screenshot of this because we have an NDA, but you can't. Don't we have to sign an NDA? Oh, okay. Well, we'll sign the NDA tomorrow. But you just can't quote just, you know, you obviously can't quote it, but we'll sign the NDA tomorrow. Okay. But first do the pricing. Let's do the pricing. Yeah, because I'm, I'm scrambling, but okay. Perfect. Thanks. All right. Thank you, Susie. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Wow. So kind of two things. One is if I can show you my price curves and if I can get your thinking. And then number two, like, we should think about the. You know, my Amazon guy kind of disappeared on me for six months last year, and then he came back, and then he set everything up right. Better. Chocolate Canada, U.S. we had, like, eight SKUs in Canada or nine SKUs in Canada and then 10 in the U.S. and he took care of everything, and he had the influencer program, and he didn't. It didn't cost me anything. Right. So he was. No charge because he was on shares. But that company shut down. But. But I'm thinking, like, you know, I'm thinking maybe it would make more sense for me to work with you and pay you, because, A, you. You know, you're pretty good so far, and B, you actually respond to requests. And. And, you know, now that I've seen your deck, like, you know, I kind of know your process, and I trust it. So think about that. I might need more of your hours than. Than I. Than you need from me in the short term. I don't know. So we would just, you know, keep track. And. And. And I want to make sure, like, it's a fair deal for you, but, you know, I might. I might need to be one of your clients, because we're launching in January. Like, it's crazy, and, like, I need someone. I need someone who's, like, gonna, like, open up the account, and initially we're gonna have issues because we don't have the registry, but I need someone that. So I can. You know, I can. We can talk about the payment, but I can do cash. I can do shares, and we can do, like, exchange of hours. You know, You're a good guy. I'm a good person. I just wanted to be fair. Like, I'm in. I'm not in the business of screwing anybody, and I don't think you are either. So, anyway, so if you're okay with that, we'll. We'll start counting the hours and see how it goes. And we should just chat, you know, on the weekend, like, how you want to get paid when we can think about it, right? We can say, let's try for a week, and then we can adjust. Like, I'm very, very flexible. Yeah. But there's three options. So if you're okay right now and just, you know, think about it. And then, of course, I work weekends all the time, because now I have, you know, clients, and I'm pretty sure I can get you in To. To. I'm pretty sure I can get you into three farmers. And they. They'd be a. Like, they'd be a real account. Right. They're 200,000.

Speaker B: Like, and I think they will benefit a lot. Susie. I. From what I have seen, I don't think they advertise properly.

Speaker A: Okay, perfect. You need to send me. So after we hang up, you need to send me bullet points right between.

Speaker B: Now I sent it to you on WhatsApp.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. No, send me an email on. Yeah, because I'm gonna forward it to them.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So send me an email and just be specific. Okay. So what I'm doing right now, what I need to pick your brain right now on, is we have this test going on where I kind of landed on the pricing. So the pricing I landed on with math William. And I'm just doing more. The pricing I winded up is they. These guys were suggesting 28 for the cups and the hot chocolate, but the cups at 28 so us. So I'm going to start us and then go to Canada in a sec. So it was starting with 28 U.S. but I said no. Like, quest is. Quest is $30 for three bags. So $10 per bag, about. And more grams. I'm not gonna go one bag for 28. Like, that's insane. So I did one bag in the test, one bag for 18, but quest is three bags for 30. Right. So 18 is an 80% premium. So that's already a bit expensive. But. So, like, I. I'm playing around with the pricing. The pricing I offered to Costco is literally too low. The gross margins, a disaster. But they're kind of. Well, not a disaster, but. So I. I kind of need to figure out the Amazon pricing. But I'm thinking if Quest is $30 for three bags in the US and in Canada, they're $18 for one bag. I'm okay with 24 in Canada. Like, absolutely. Like this. I'll put in yellow, I'll put in green. The ones I'm okay with. Sorry, I'll put in purple, the ones I'm okay with. So this I'm pretty sure makes sense, right? Like, Quest is 18. We're a healthier version. 24 seems to make sense. This is a bit high, I think, but we'll see what the research says. So if it's 24 here, then they're all like, 24, right? Because it's kind of logical. Like, it's all. They're all the same. Like, it's all the same grams. So now you're about, you know, $24 for 100 and 104 grams, right? So that's kind of your ratio, which is the same as bloom and set up and clever and organic tradition in power powder world. In powder world. So in this world wits with like, because that's the next thing we're going to do is adding adaptogens. But right now, without. With adaptogens, they're all. These guys are all $25 for a hundred grams. In Canada, I'm 25. I'm $28 for 350. Right. Like, like literally a third of the price. So my P. L. Like, so that's what I've been wrestling with with tgx because I have to send him a quote on this. And like, like so, so then I've been doing hot chocolate. Hot chocolate. Hot chocolate benchmarking. $22 for 350 can be considered low in the U.S. like it? It kind of really depends. So I think Matt had said $28 here. 28 for 350. But again, I like, I'm just. So what I've been doing this morning one last time is let's just focus on Canada because I'm short on time. So on Canada. Oops. In Canada, like, you don't have a lot of hot chocolate. So, you know, you have this guy which is hot chocolate with ashwagandha. So it's a bit of a benchmark because, you know, they're $16 for 115 grams. So, you know, $32 for 300. So at 28 Canadian, I'm about like this. It's still more expensive than Bloom, right? Because Bloom, all of the. All of the coffee replacements are $25. All these guys, unanimously, every single brand is 25 for 100 grams. So I would like kind of be priced like half like, you know, hot chocolate. So a little bit more than a little bit. Oh, wait, sorry. I want to go Amazon.ca so I'm kind of like is $28 for 350. So this is 32 for 300. But it has ashwagandha. Then there's all this. But forget that, right? It's 20 cents per serving. Then there's this guy. So this guy is $22 for 12. So $2 per serving, right? So without. And this is crappy cacao, but no one knows it, right? It's alkali crap. So alkali crap. Right. Processed with alkali. And they're all proud. And soy lettuce and garbage. Right. And sugar. Right. So garbage, garbage. But so $2 per serving at $28 here, Canadian. My servings are 36 grams. Oh, I forgot to change this. Oops.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So. So now I'm. Where is it? It's 28 divided by 350 divided by 36. It's 13, I think, sir. Servings 13, right?

Speaker B: I mean, no, no, less than, less than 10.

Speaker A: Okay, wait, so 35. Oh, wait, it's like we'll say 10. We'll. We'll round it up. We'll round it up to 10. Say. So now it's 280 per serving. Like that's. That's not bad. Because I was thinking in retail because I'm doing this other. This is my secret master chart, right? Like 350 at 28. Like this is sacred, super, super important chart. Canadian. This is Canadian. Now. So 28 for 350 is about 288 per serving. But with the 108 for TJX, I would go like 1199, which is $4 because I go higher, right? You pretend higher with TJX and then you give them 20%. Right? So here it's. If this is 1199, 35 margin list price is 779. Like you actually have to show them this. So you look, this formula is 20% less. So it's just. But then I was like, oh, this is not high enough. Like 623. Yeah, it's my. It's not bad. So this is kind of where I'm. I'm kind of landing so inflated fake $12. It's actually like $12 for Loblaws say, because Loblaws is 649. But then they take all this trade. So loblaws right now is 9.99 and my dead net to them is around 5 something. And I'm not making money with my chocolates that I discontinued. So here TJX wants dead net. So deadnet means everything in. Oh. So I have to be careful. So here it's zero. Oh, so this is 620. Yeah. So they want dead net and as does Costco. So. So if I sell 779 to Low Carb Farm Boy Whole Foods, there's 15%. So it starts here. 779 minus 15%. So TJX may not go for 623 if they might ask for a bit lower. But so I'm kind of thinking it's around here. Like the margins aren't as. They're not going to be like bloom, right where the price is $25 here for 100. Not 959. Right. 25. Just the last thing. I'll just dump on you for a second, then I'll let you. I'll let you talk. For Costco, I didn't send pricing, but the pricing I did the math on was $45 for 908, approximately. So that is $45 for 908. And here there was the 14%. So that is. What is that? 5 cents. And here were 8 cents. So 5 cents. And here were 9 cents. I mean, so that's. This is too low. But the organic tradition is $45 for 908. Like, they're here, I think, look, their. Their Costco, they're $39 for 908, which is. Yeah, so cacao plus ashwagandha is 39, you know, 4 cents, which is pretty low. I can match them here, but I would go like, much higher. So I think it's safe if I go. Hey, hey, hey. If I go to the consumer, $0.09 versus this $0.04, I think that's a safe ratio. Okay, so then the question is, is organic tradition about the right price? And we're kind of saying go a bit higher because preserving here, we're saying, I'm going to be with it. Oh, what did we say? Where did we say per serving? This was 10 serving. Yeah, this is 280 per serving. But this, I think is $4 per serving. Right? So this. Yeah, this is $4 per serving, right. $12 divided by three. Four. $4 per serving. 288 on Amazon. Usually these are the same. Like, usually this and this should be the same. But, like, I'm not gonna tell. There's no way I'm telling TJX 9.99. Like, I'm telling TJX. Like, the question is, do I go higher than this? And do I. If so, technically I would go higher than this. But we still have a month for Amazon, right? Like. Like, we should start the listing process, like next week. But. But we could change it. Tjx, I can't change. And whatever price I give him now is going to go in the test. And 600 stores is a lot. And if the test is successful, he wants four flavors in September.

Speaker B: Right. So, Suzy, so now, how can I help you here?

Speaker A: How does it. Well, how can. Based on what you. Yeah, based on what? You know, on Amazon, like, is $28 for $350 and $12 for 108. Like, do you want to take 10 minutes and see if we're based on Canada protein hot chocolate, what do you recommend?

Speaker B: Prices? Sure.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Okay, so let me send you a copy of this and tell me if directionally based on. Just do a little Amazon search like with the competitors Amazon Canada. Just take 10 minutes and tell me if like this is directionally right. So Amazon would be $28 for 350 or $12 for 108. Ignore the TJX here.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And just tell me with a bit Google search. You know, if you're my agency and I'm your client, let's skip step one, two, three and just give me your gut feeling on is this the right ballpark?

Speaker B: Okay, sure. Yeah. I'll do a price comparison and tell you about what I think.

Speaker A: I have to email him this morning, but just high level. Okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Now what? Do you have anything for me, questions for me?

Speaker B: Well, right now probably just the three farmers. So I'll just send you the bullet points if you could take a look at your WhatsApp message, if that seems like a thing. Maybe I'll organize that a little bit more and then send it to you. Is that fine?

Speaker A: Wait, wait, wait. It's here. Wait, wait. So okay, images and content need improvement

Speaker B: then I have mentioned what exactly? I don't know if I should mention that to them, but yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. The other thing you have to add. Okay, so send me an email and go by bucket. You know how you in the PowerPoint you had the buckets. So go like overall, you know Overall, you know, 200,000amonth and whatever reviews they have and whatever they're selling overall is it you know, soft, medium, hard, like is it, you know how do you think overall the brand is doing then a bullet point on the skus they're offering. They have too many skus. They don't have the right skus. They, they're not adverti. I don't think they're advertising the right skus. Right. That they're advertising the chocolate. So just go in an organized way. Headline, you know, overall 200,000 per month on Canada and whatever in the US that's good or bad. Whatever it is below it is which skus they're they're selling. What's your take? Chocolate. They should not be advertising chocolate. It's not even a strategic priority. They're, they're multi pack is, is what they should have 90% of their effort on their snack pack. So just say that right? Say you know, don't waste your money. I told her this already. Don't waste your money on chocolate. Like it's a miniature thing and people want the variety pack. So then say, okay, what you're advertising, good, bad, and recommend. Like they already want to simplify the whole lineup. But you, from an Amazon perspective, you know, my buddy William, he just launched three magnesiums because he wants to own all the different magnesium by glycinets. And so number two is, you know, what skews are they focusing on? They have too many, too few Snack packs should be the hero. Like, just say something about that. And therefore don't spend ad money on chocolate. It will never, ever pay out. Their chocolate is not going to pay out. Number three is. Then you get into their listings. What do you think about their listings? Good. Small ad videos at a store, blah, blah, blah. Number four is their actual ad and ad spend. So use the same logic that we have in your deck. So then that they see that because they're both the, they're, they're very, the CEO is very, very smart. So it's going to come like top of the funnel, right? Like, she's going to see that you first look like, what I do as a CMO. Is 200,000 the right number? Number two, are they focused on the Hero? Skew, Lovegood, Fats, Amazon and Shopify. 85% of the sales were the variety pack one skew. Then Mint started slaying it. Because there was a tactical advantage with Mint and SEO. For some reason, Mint wind up like getting insane. And lemon, there was no one else had a lemon. So, you know, we were able to profitably be tactical with Lemon and Mint on the six pack. But the variety pack is what everyone wants to buy first, right? So, so go overall, then the number of SKUs, then each of the SKUs, how is their listing and their A plus content and their store, then their ads and then, you know, recap. Therefore, if I were to take this account, you know, I would do a full audit. Number one, you know, recap the steps we just did together. Like, you know, I would do a full audit. I can do a summary audit next week for $500, right? Like do your pitch. So, so it's going to practice because this is your pitch for all clients. You're just going to practice on, you know, a client that, that I can have. Very warm for you. So therefore, you know, I can do a deeper audit and blah, blah, blah for, you know, for. In a week for $500. The things I would consider doing are, you know, relaunch the store with blah, blah, blah, blah. Right. Like just kind of put strategies. Summarize, summarize the buckets and then recap, like what you would do if we were to hire you. And we might hire you like on Tuesday. Right. Because I know Tuesday afternoon is when I'm meeting the team.

Speaker B: Got it. And I personally don't think I'll be charging for this audit. It seems like they're right. So.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And also.

Speaker A: But then you just put in your email. You know, I usually charge 500, but, you know, given you're a client as Suzy and I love your brand, I'd love to do an audit, no cost, next week. Right.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. It's all marketing. It's all. I'm just helping you with B2B stuff.

Speaker B: Thank you. Okay, and the first thing that you said, 200,000. What did you mean by that?

Speaker A: That's their sales. They're selling about 200 per month. Here, wait one sec. I'm going to show you how much they're selling. One sec. Just quick. But you can't quote that. But so you, you. Yeah, so what you can say is, hey, in Canada, you can say, hey, three farmers. One sec. Just two more minutes and then I have to go. Then you have. You have to do pricing first, though. So you can say, hey, I can see that your brand, you know, is where are the sales here? No sales. Where are the sales?

Speaker B: I can see with helium 10 how much they're doing.

Speaker A: You don't see your sales.

Speaker B: Yeah, I can see approximate, like in Canada, probably around. You have to have the tool. Helium 10.

Speaker A: Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. So your first comment is based on what I can see, I see that your sales are approximately. Whatever. But let me tell you what they are for real. Okay, so. Because I know what they are for real. I downloaded it. Just one sec. So I didn't look here. Okay, so like, pretend you're not supposed to see this because, well, we have an mda, but this is what they. Their real sales are. Okay, so Canada. E. Com. So Canada. So forget this is the oil. We'll just talk about the snacks. So, you know, I don't know what year this is here says 2022. But this is. I don't know, like here. Oh, 2024. Okay, so 186. So $200,000. Right. So just know that. Yeah. In the back of your mind, 200,000 of which Amazon is. Oh, 200,000 must be Shopify. So two.

Speaker B: That's the four.

Speaker A: 200, 000 is. Yeah, yeah, but they're. They're really close to the forecast. So Amazon is 300 and look, it's growing from 22 to 20. Well, it's pretty stable and they're down versus year ago like 30 or something. 18. Whatever, whatever it is. So 286 and they had a forecast of 319 but there's missing a month. So they're going to hit, they're going to hit their forecast. And then.com.com is snacks is 100. 164. 164. 164 US so they have the oil. So I let me send you a screenshot of this because we have an NDA, but you can't.

Speaker B: Don't we have to sign an NDA?

Speaker A: Oh, okay. Well, we'll sign the NDA tomorrow. But you just can't quote just, you know, you obviously can't quote it, but we'll sign the NDA tomorrow. Okay. But first do the pricing. Let's do the pricing. Yeah, because I'm, I'm scrambling, but okay. Perfect. Thanks.

Speaker B: All right. Thank you, Susie. Bye.

