Transcript for: Recording__988.mp4
Title: Recording #988
============================================================

In demand. So it should sell well. But it will never sell unless people know about that existence. Right? Yeah. And Amazon is kind of a good place when people go and type gluten free cookie or better for you cookie. Right now I am selling on Amazon ca and I'm not doing it myself. It's done through my distributor because the goal was always to sell to retail stores. So I'm in Healthy Planet, nature's emporium. Supposed to be in Whole Foods this year. Supposed to be in Farm Boy this year. So this is the conversations I have with the stores. But then again just for marketing purposes as well as if someone in Kingston or Oshawa want to buy the cookies, they can go on Amazon. I got listed with Koska ca. It's not on their website yet, but it should be on their website I think next week or something like that. So the distributor who ships the product to the stores is handling that CA account just because I couldn't be bothered with that. And you know in Canada we don't have huge population. Shipping costs much more. Everything costs much more. People don't have money to spend on premium products. So. So it's not really my target. I also started selling in US I just shipped the first couple of skits to US last month. I already sold it through distributor again to retail channel. But I'm thinking since I'm shipping and it's already it's U.S. packaging, it's only, you know, U.S. certified FDA and to be able to cross the border, you know, all of the documents etc. Etc. So since I'm already doing that, I'm figuring I might as well start selling on Amazon.com but again myself, I don't want to learn how to do it. I don't want to deal with that. I'm not expecting to make tons of money if any. I just don't want it to go under. I don't want to bankrupt myself by paying for advertisement which this is what you have to do. But it would be nice if you know cost of goods plus your fees plus advertisement will equal or be less selling price in us. So this is my story. Got it. Okay. That makes sense of course. So a little bit about me and it's not going to be as lengthy as you have added so much information. That's good. But I guess I don't have that much to say. So about me I have been growing CPGS on Amazon for about 6 years now. I started my journey, e commerce journey when I started started working at nutrilab Corp. It's also a company in Toronto, it's in Scarborough and I was handling all their in house brands, worked there for about two years. Then I founded this company in 2021 because I thought it would be better if I can add better value if I focus 100% of my time for my clients. And also instead of doing everything on my own, it would be better if I have a team. So Balduri joined right after and she's still working with me. Five months ago another employee joined. So we are now a small nimble team of three working with CPG brands. That's a little bit about us in short. And one more thing that is important to know about us is we only work with CPG and supplement brands. So anything food and beverage, dietary supplement, personal care product, that's our primary focus and we primarily do Amazon for them and it's Amazon ca&.com. Do you do both? Yeah, we do Amazon.ca.com we have also done Amazon.uk any, any country where people speak English. Okay, yeah, well and this is where I kind of need, you know I can send you, I will send you an email with the basic information about the product such as like size and weight and cost landed in US versus like cost per pouch. And I understand. So right now I have six, three flavors. I'm going to have four flavors. And obviously there is absolutely no point selling it by one pouch at a time because price of a pouch is 5.99 US. So manufacture. Oh sorry, no no no. And they will send everything. So when it is landed in, in the Amazon warehouse, whatever it is, it would be 280 US and the idea is to sell it around 590 US so it's only 50% margin of 100% markup. So I don't have like 300% margin. And so my thought was to have a sample pack, you know, pack of three with one pouch and then maybe you know, pack of three or pack of circles just with one flavor because you know it's not a high margin I have that probably will get wiped out with pick and pack, you know, shipping costs, etc. Etc. But this is why I will send you this information. You should kind of look and say don't even do it because you're going to lose money. Just you know and I would be very, very grateful if you will help me because going into something that if you know I'm going to just lose and lose and there is no light because losing money for first month, maybe the second month, maybe for third month is one thing, but Louis, keep on. But if there is no light, you know, in the tunnel, there's no point of doing 100%. Yes. Now Ilya, I think that it would benefit us if you get to know a little bit more about my process. So that that way you will know the sequence of work and also how things actually will work if we end up working together. Okay, so what I'll do is I'll share my screen and show you my page deck walking through my pitch deck very quickly so that you have a clear idea. Okay. All right, one second. Alright, so this is my page take. I'm going to. I have already told you a little bit about me so I don't have to walk you through all the pages. This is what I am going to cover in my PTI here. I'm going to show you what kind of clients I work with, which you also know. But I'll show you some examples. I'll skip over the best practices. That's something I prepared for the founders helping founders group. And I'll talk about the unique process. I'll show you some results and also you will get to see the pricing, other information. Alright, so let's skip to the clients part. I told you that I only work with food and beverage, dietary supplement and personal care brands. In fact, till date, small, big, combined 50 plus CPG clients. The clients that I work with, all of them are CPG or supplements. Now I'm going to skip over the best practices. This is something probably we can discuss another time. Let's jump right into the process. It's a five step process. Now all of these applies to you too, especially the audit. Maybe not all of it because you are not selling actively so far. And I'll walk you through all those steps in the next slide. Maybe you can just keep over this one. Again, account audit. When I first take over one account, if they're operating, then I run some of these reports. This is again not going to be very relevant for you. Still, to give you an idea, this is account level performance. Here we're taking a look at the revenue and different expenses after that, how it adds up, the gross margin adds up for your overall account. The same thing is done at the product level. Here we are taking a look at the revenue and all the expenses and the contribution margin at the product level that we can best optimize our account for profitability. Now this is going to be important for you for your product listings. Whenever you list something on Amazon, there are different components of Your listings. These are the components of your listings that you need to optimize. And here I have given some examples, some images here, for example, I'm highlighting the title. This is the A content. These are the images section. We all need to, we need to take care of, consider all those different components and optimize them. So when someone comes to me first, one of the first things that I do is audit their listing content for the existing listings for these components. Now again, we are not running ads, so I'll not talk about that right now. Let's talk about strategy. The step two. So after that audit is done and based on your personal I'll say business situation, we need to take a look at a few things. For example, whether we should do fulfilled by Amazon or fulfilled by merchant or first party. First party is invitation only. If you take a look at your Amazon listings in Canada, you will see it's being, they will say it's being sold and shipped by Amazon ca. So it's like Amazon is selling them directly. Why is that happening? Because the distributor of yours, they have a first party relationship with Amazon. So they are selling it directly to Amazon and Amazon is taking care of the rest. Now for us we will have two options. Two options, ABA and abm. I always recommend that we go for APA because it makes sense from the shipping and handling cost point of view. And also they have a better distribution so customers get your product faster. It's a good customer experience. The next thing is something that you actually mentioned and you wanted it. One of the first things that you have to do is to take a look at your offers and also consider the pricing option. So here on Amazon it's in one way it's very price sensitive. You cannot offer something at a very high price. You will never get any traction. But at the same time, if you lower your price too much, you will never make money. So we'll have to consider the competitive scenario, your costs, I mean all cost of goods and shipping and handling and everything. Excuse me. And then see if it makes sense for us to even go on Amazon, which is something that you mentioned. And once we can make sense of these, then the next step is content. You see, all of these things are something that I already mentioned in the audit section. So based on the audits, whatever we insights we find based on that, we make a strategy. So this is, we are first of all identify in the audit section. We first of all identify these are all the things that you need to take care of over time. But that may end up becoming too much to get started with. So what would be the priority? We come up with a strategy for that for content, advertising. Advertising budget is something that we have to discuss, right Mutually. We have to agree on a percentage that we can allocate. At the same time, there are a few other things like review strategies and all those stuff. Now let me show you what you might be very much interested in. The content. I mean, when you are going on Amazon, this is something that we actually do for you. When you are going on Amazon, you have to make sure your product, whatever way you want to position your product, it's being very easily and clearly communicated to the customers so that it's clear to them right from the moment when they're searching for your kind of products, which can be something like healthy snack or healthy cookies. Is your product sugar free? You mentioned you have cane sugar, so probably we are not going to claim sugar free, but anyway it's healthy version, so healthy snack, maybe something like that. So we have to ensure that whenever people search for relevant keywords, it's very easy for them to understand that this is exactly how we're trying to position our product. For that, what do we do? We study the computer products. We try to understand how people, the consumers, are using their product, in what context they're using, how it's benefiting them. And at the same time, we need to understand how customers are describing all those things in their own language. So customer lingo, which is one, I have given you one example. This is just one use case for a brain supplement that I was working on. But when you do this analysis, we generally get maybe somewhere between five to eight use cases. Not all of them are equally important, of course. Now we need to continue, we continue studying the audience. We try to understand what's the perception, how do the consumers perceive our similar products, I mean, the competitors that are available, what they like about them, what they dislike about them. We study all of these things. We also try to understand our own product, which you very well understand. So based on all these three insights, what we try to do is decide on the talking points. And Suzy, if you have been following her, refers to them as key messages. And these are in the order of priority. So the first one would be the most important thing that we need to highlight. So this is one of the most important things that we do because once we agree on this, we ensure that we are to make it very easy for people to understand. These are the key points, right? Key selling points in a way, or the way you are positioning your product. With that, we write the initial version of the content, the title, the bullet points, and also after that we do SEO. So we try to understand how similar products like yours are ranking which keywords they are ranking for. Out of those, which ones are relevant for us. Here on the right, for example, you will see a screenshot from a tool called Helium 10. You may be familiar and we use those keywords to do search engine optimization on the copy. Now there are a few more things that we need to consider in the recent days. Things like Rufus. Rufus is Amazon's AI Shopping assistant. You need to understand how Rufus understands your product or discovers your product. We need to use those insights for SEO as well as there's something called Cosmo. Cosmo is internal to Amazon. It's, I'm not going to go too much deep into it, but we also need to understand how Cosmo works and use those insights to optimize our product listing for SEO. All right, now once that is done, the fourth step is driving traffic. Now it's not only about Amazon ads. You can leverage Amazon's internal traffic with Amazon ads and at the same time, you can also leverage external traffic to give it some extra boost. These are some different placements on Amazon. And this is a video ad, sponsored brand video ad. By the way, this is very good for getting good roas. This is a measurement that I have done for ads. This is an LTV Lifetime value analysis, Lifetime value and retention rate analysis. Again, it's probably going to be a little bit too confusing if I want to describe all these numbers right now. But to give you a, like, give an idea what's going on here, if you take a look, for this product in the month of November, we acquired 635 unique new customers for that product in that month. And these customers in the first month in November 2023, the average purchase value was $30. Now you may think that, well, let's say you're running ads to acquire these customers. You may think that, oh, I spent $15 per customer in the first month and I just made $30 per customer. So I'm spending 50% on ads. I'm losing money, I'm not making money. But then at the same time, if you, and by the way, this analysis is something that we do after operating for a few months. It will not add value if you do when we're just launching because you don't have any data. Now if you track these same customers down the line for this product, for example, these customers on average Kept on purchasing these many customers, kept on repeating every month. And if you add up all those numbers by the end of 12th month, you find out, oh, they spent $104 with my brand. So now you, let's say spend $15 to acquire one customer on average and and let's say $5 more on average per customer to retain them throughout the year. And then after spending $20, they purchased $104 worth of product from you. It makes sense that you spend that money. Right? So this is the kind of analysis that we need to do to understand first of all which product has higher lifetime value and good repeat purchase rate so you can decide where your ad advertisement dollars should flow. What would be worth investigating. That's the point. Now driving traffic, I said driving traffic is the thing that we want to do. It can be internal or external. When you talk about external, we don't do that. But of course you have plenty of ways of driving that external traffic. What we can do is we can help you coordinate those traffic so that it helps you rank better on Amazon. Okay, now the fifth step. This is the end one. All the things that I said, they may seem like one time thing, but it's not. That never ends. We need to keep on optimizing. We need to keep on measuring against the KPIs and see what we can improve. That is all. Now this is the five step process. I think, I hope that this will be valuable. Let me just quickly show you some results from real clients. I told you that we only work with food and supplement and personal care brands. This is a result from a food brand. I can't mention the name of the brands but in 13 months we could grow this brand by 1.8x revenue in November last year was 131,000. Similarly, you will see another supplement brand here. This is another brand that is all that is end up resource section. And we have also a list of pricing and services that we offer which I can tell you more about. I will also send you this pitch deck so that you can review them later on. All right. So I hope that gave you some ideas about the process because you may in your mind you may have so many question about what will exactly do this. After I present this to potential clients, they know exactly what we do. Well, the only thing that because it would be new listing, it will not be reviewing. I will basically ask you to set up completely. I have registered the brand registry. So I do have a brand registry and they have access to it. But the listing, if you Go on Amazon CA and you click on feedtreats cookies and you click on the product itself. You scroll down, you will see there is some content, there are pictures, there are videos. So I do have it. Like I can provide pictures and visuals, videos. But basically for Amazon.com, someone will have to set it up from zero and you know it makes sense. Instead of me setting it up wrong and then you reviewing it and fixing everything, I think it makes sense for you to actually set it up the way it needs to be with the correct font, with the correct, I don't know, like information and call out the customers and etc. Yeah, of course. Well, something that I wanted to ask Ilya is I understand that your product right now in Canada is being distributed by this distribution company that you were working with. Does that prohibit you from selling the same products in Canada? No, it doesn't. No. You just think that there's not enough demand. It's what I thought because we are 10 times smaller than us the product is not cheap. It is a premium ingredient. Right. It's premium product. As I said, people have no money. And my assumption is that the pack and peak and shipping fees in Amazon Canada would probably be more expensive than Amazon US just because with such a big country to get it from Ontario to B.C. will cost more and therefore Amazon prices probably will be high. Maybe I'm wrong. No, so it seems like lots of. So it seems like lots of wrong for a small price. If we are going to put our time and money and advertisement, we might as well do it on us. Which again, maybe I'm wrong, maybe US is harder to deal with. But yeah, well, the reason I'm saying this is US is definitely bigger. A lot of demand. That, that's how people like to think. But at the same time it's very competitive. Everybody thinks like in the same way that oh, US is bigger. A lot of demand I want to call it. No, I get it. So if you want to go to the US marketplace, I will say that you need bigger budget and you need to be able to break even or maybe operate a loss for, for longer time than Canada. That's just my general opinion. So if you do have the budget, if you're ready for that, we can start with the US that's just something I will say. But so when you're saying bigger budget, so then can we talk about the budget? Because bigger is a comparison comparative term, right? Biggest than what? So what would be the minimum? What actually not minimum. What would be suggested budget to Spend in Canada or us on advertisement monthly that actually will start making a difference. You know what Julia would make sense for us to do is to consider all the numbers that you have. I mean, let's say cost of goods and shipping and handling expenses in different marketplaces and see how that adds up first. Right. And then see if that, how much room do we have for advertisement to. Let's say just breakeven. Right. If that makes sense for us, then we can talk about your fees. And then what are your fees? How. How are you getting. What is your structure? Well, okay, let's talk about the fees for. Okay, let me share my screen help. So this is my pricing slide here. Now for the listing content, there are two different options here and this is mostly similar. I'll tell you what it is. It's the process that I described where we are trying to understand the competitive scenario, competitive research and the audience. We're trying to understand how customers use the product, how it benefits them, their own language and their perception about the competitive process products. And then deciding the talking points, the entire process basically. And then understanding how your computers are ranking based on that. Writing the SEO copy. And as well as backend, there are some backend search terms that we have to take care of. This is $500. Now if you the SEO copy for the title bullet point and product description, this is what is included. If you also want me to write the copy for A content and B, images, the listing images and give you a layout along with some examples for your graphic designer, this is how it is to be designed. That would be $750. Now you have multiple flavors, but it's the same product. So you can say all of your products will be covered under one listing. It will be just for one listing and for. Yeah, but when you make saying the copy. So again like what I need to do is basically for someone to create a listing. Right. So what would that be? So you don't want the copy? Pardon? Like you will take care of the copywriting. So is that what you're saying? Yes. So that. No. I mean no. No. So that you will, you will take care of. Like I will provide you with content sizes, with everything information. But like physically go and open, you know, brand account on Amazon.com or Amazon CA, whatever it is. And to put. To set up a listing from zero. So that's what. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Well, there are some. When you are doing it for the first time, there are two setup steps. I think you have taken care of one, which is the brand Registry process. Yep. Second step is to get a category approval. So we'll need to do that and then listing the products with the content. So are you saying that you are going to provide me with this content? You don't need this service from me? Is that what you're saying? Well, I mean like I will, I will just give you a description. Right? I will give you description of. I will. Well, what, what I think the, the most important characteristics are. I will provide the pictures, but someone needs physically uploaded into and you know, in, in. In the listing, basically to create a listing. Got it. Okay. All right. So it's like you don't need this from me at all. You will just provide everything. I just need to go in there and complete first of all the category approval process and then list the product. That's all. Well, list the product is a. I think it's not just at all. I think it's a big deal to put all of the content in. I can, you know, type. I will give you Microsoft Word document in the world and that's all I will, I will do. But, and again, and you can review and we can discuss. I have no problem. Like you said. It's just maybe, maybe we name them different names. Maybe this what you're saying, copy of a product. That's exactly what you mean. And I'm saying you need to create a listing. Maybe it is the same thing. I don't know. Okay. Okay. All right. You know what, Yulia, I'll ask you a few more questions about the content that you'll provide. Will you be providing me in the format that Amazon needs or will I need to work on the copy that you will provide and then write it according to what Amazon needs? I don't know what format they need, so no, I will provide it in the Microsoft Word format. Okay. All right. So it looks like you will provide me some information that you think is important, but you still need me to do the work for Amazon overall thing. Got it. All right. So in that case, and you said that images will be provided by you, so I don't think we need to go for the second thing. We'll just go with the first one. Let me share my screen. So we're going to go with this one because you said you will be providing me with the images and I can simply use them. So. These along with the initial steps, which is going to be the category listings, that is going to be $150. So 150 plus 500 is going to be 650 in total for you in one marketplace. Okay, sorry, sorry. Repeat it again. Sorry, go back and repeat again as you just said. Okay, one second. I said that this is. You are going to provide me with the information. I'm still going to do all these steps and then write them in Amazon's own the format that Amazon needs. Along with that we'll do SEO. Right. And with this we'll also do category listing. Sorry, category approval. The first step before you list a product. So I said for that my charge will be $150 and then this $500 in total it will be $650. Right. But then we're going to the ad management. Right? Because just putting, if I'm just putting listing on and it just sits there, I'm wasting everyone's time, right. It's like I will have to advertise. So this is what your fees is 1600amonth. It's for both marketplace. Yes. If someone comes to me with let's say up to five listings then. And also if they want to advertise in both marketplaces, this is going to be my fee. But if looks like you are interested in one marketplace only, Right, Right. In that case, it will be $900 plus 3% commission on growth. Okay. And what do you think I will need to spend in advertisement to make any difference monthly? Right? That's a good question. And I would ask you first in terms of your objectives, how much do you see yourself selling on Amazon, let's say down the line in six months per month cases. Well, but you see like as much as they would like. I can sell like if we can sell hundred thousand a month, I would love to sell 100,000amonth. Is there enough people to make such sales on cookies? I don't know. And can we actually reach all of them without spending a million dollars on advertisement? It's another one, right? Yeah. Because all of this brand, like I don't know if you know midday bars, midday snack bars, like Very Good Butcher, like they all claiming, oh, we're making 20 million on online sales. Sure. But you spending 100 million on advertisement on online sales, like Very Good Butcher is a good example because they're publicly traded. You can go and look at their annual financial reports. They're right now bankrupt. So they claimed bankruptcy. But two years ago they were selling online $20 million in a quarter. In one quarter. But then when you go on their financial reports, they were spending on advertisements, 60 or 70 million. They will keep on. They were hoping that they'll get recurring. Yeah, people. And they will stop. But it never happened. And the same, you know, all of this, chef's plate, hello, fresh. All of that. Yeah. Like they're spending an advertisement more than they are making. So. So it's kind of cheating. Next issue. Like, would I like to sell hundred. Where. Where do I see myself in six months? Again, hopefully not being a bankruptcy. No, no. Very valid question, Yulia. And I also, I mean, of course, request you to be very cautious. I know I upfront, say it very upfront, that Amazon is not very easy. It's a very competitive space and I have dealt with cookies myself. Yes, I do get to see the volume in Canada. I'm talking about in Canada, we could reach for one of the cookies that I handled and I'll not name it, we could reach even 2,000 units a month. But it's very difficult to make money per unit. So in terms of ad spend, you see, again, it really depends. In the beginning, if you're just relying on Amazon to create the tip to great demand, then usually people spend, let's say even 50 to 60% of their revenue on ads. That's how it generally works. Because they want to catch up. They're trying to do two things. One is they're trying to rank for keywords organically. Because on Amazon, it's not just return on ads that you get to see on Ad Council. When you're spending money, Amazon sees. Oh, okay, okay. So people, when they're searching for this keyword, they're clicking on your product, so that's the signal. And then they're also adding to cart and eventually buying your product. So that means your product is relevant for that keyword. When they see that, they start ranking your product organically higher. That's what they're trying to achieve. And at the same time, you're trying to gather more reviews, more traction. That's why they invest that much money. Now, is that something that you think will be a good idea for you? That's the question. Yeah, yeah. What else are you trying, Yulia? I mean, apart from Amazon, how much else are you doing to promote your products? Like right now, nothing. I have an Instagram account, but it's. I haven't put much, much time in it to tell the truth, because again, it's very hard. It's very hard to see with social media. Unless you sell online, you don't see the results. Right. Because if I sell in retail stores and I promote it on social media, you don't see if it's working. Or not. If you promote on social media and Instagram and you have a link to Amazon or your own Shopify account, you can see, okay, this month I spent X on social media and this is how much sales I got with stores. You cannot really see it. It's just brand awareness. So pretty much, yeah. Because yeah, like margin on cookies is not a big margin. And again, I will send you, I will shoot you an email just with information on what the costs would be landed in Canada or landed in US and what they landed, what the sales price would be us. Just to give you an idea, you know, what the friction dollar amount is. Yeah, yeah. Okay. So I would say let's do this. Please send me those information. Along with that, please send me the dimension and weight of each package so that I can at least take a look at the numbers. And. I don't know, maybe, you know what, I'll just run the numbers and then maybe email you back saying that, look, this is what it looks like. If you want to have another discussion, if you want to move forward, we can have another discussion and then do something about it. Yeah, 100%. So I will send you dimensional pricing. Keep in mind that dimension of the pouch is this, this and that. But the pouch is flexible. So like let's say the pouch is 20 centimeter by 15 centimeter by 6 centimeter. So 22 is quite high. But we can bend it almost in half. And I will have it on my email like the pack of three, I can pull like three pouches I can put in a box six inches by six inches by six inches. So when you look at the size, it doesn't mean that, you know, and size as 22 cm high, it doesn't mean that we have to have 22 centimeter high box. That box could be like half of it. Got it. Okay. Yeah. Because it's flexible and I put it in my email. I just want to explain so that you know what I'm talking about. Sure, yeah, sounds good. Okay, well, thank you for your time. Yeah. And I am aware of the fact that cookies, it is low margin, which is why I weren't really planning to be on Amazon, but now I'm figuring I will be in the United States anyway. So for me it is more exposure to tell the truth. So that. Because when I sell to retailers, the buyers in retail stores, they are asking, how are you doing online? How you doing social media? So Amazon reviews or purchases of how well are you doing? It is one of the factors that they are, you know, keeping in mind. So so I'm not expecting to make money or well look it would be nice to make money but I don't want to just keep on spending more than whatever three months and be below. Got it. Well if you're looking for reviews by the way I can definitely help you with that if that is your objective then regardless of how how much money you can make or how much money you invest on ads probably at least you should have the listings in place with some good reviews that are also but isn't reviews need to be done by people who are buying your products because Amazon does see if it's verified or not verified. Yes, we're not going to do anything that is against the policy. I do have some ideas for we can talk about that. It okay. All right. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you so much. You have a wonderful day. Be in touch. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: In demand. So it should sell well. But it will never sell unless people know about that existence. Right? Yeah. And Amazon is kind of a good place when people go and type gluten free cookie or better for you cookie. Right now I am selling on Amazon ca and I'm not doing it myself. It's done through my distributor because the goal was always to sell to retail stores. So I'm in Healthy Planet, nature's emporium. Supposed to be in Whole Foods this year. Supposed to be in Farm Boy this year. So this is the conversations I have with the stores. But then again just for marketing purposes as well as if someone in Kingston or Oshawa want to buy the cookies, they can go on Amazon. I got listed with Koska ca. It's not on their website yet, but it should be on their website I think next week or something like that. So the distributor who ships the product to the stores is handling that CA account just because I couldn't be bothered with that. And you know in Canada we don't have huge population. Shipping costs much more. Everything costs much more. People don't have money to spend on premium products. So. So it's not really my target. I also started selling in US I just shipped the first couple of skits to US last month. I already sold it through distributor again to retail channel. But I'm thinking since I'm shipping and it's already it's U.S. packaging, it's only, you know, U.S. certified FDA

Speaker B: and to

Speaker A: be able to cross the border, you know, all of the documents etc. Etc. So since I'm already doing that, I'm figuring I might as well start selling on Amazon.com but again myself, I don't want to learn how to do it. I don't want to deal with that. I'm not expecting to make tons of money if any. I just don't want it to go under. I don't want to bankrupt myself by paying for advertisement which this is what you have to do. But it would be nice if you know cost of goods plus your fees plus advertisement will equal or be less selling price in us. So this is my story.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. That makes sense of course. So a little bit about me and it's not going to be as lengthy as you have added so much information. That's good. But I guess I don't have that much to say. So about me I have been growing CPGS on Amazon for about 6 years now. I started my journey, e commerce journey when I started started working at nutrilab Corp. It's also a company in Toronto, it's in Scarborough and I was handling all their in house brands, worked there for about two years. Then I founded this company in 2021 because I thought it would be better if I can add better value if I focus 100% of my time for my clients. And also instead of doing everything on my own, it would be better if I have a team. So Balduri joined right after and she's still working with me. Five months ago another employee joined. So we are now a small nimble team of three working with CPG brands. That's a little bit about us in short. And one more thing that is important to know about us is we only work with CPG and supplement brands. So anything food and beverage, dietary supplement, personal care product, that's our primary focus and we primarily do Amazon for them

Speaker A: and it's Amazon ca&.com. Do you do both?

Speaker B: Yeah, we do Amazon.ca.com we have also done Amazon.uk any, any country where people speak English.

Speaker A: Okay, yeah, well and this is where I kind of need, you know I can send you, I will send you an email with the basic information about the product such as like size and weight and cost landed in US versus like cost per pouch. And I understand. So right now I have six, three flavors. I'm going to have four flavors. And obviously there is absolutely no point selling it by one pouch at a time because price of a pouch is 5.99 US.

Speaker B: So manufacture. Oh sorry, no no no.

Speaker A: And they will send everything. So when it is landed in, in the Amazon warehouse, whatever it is, it would be 280 US and the idea is to sell it around 590 US so it's only 50% margin of 100% markup. So I don't have like 300% margin. And so my thought was to have a sample pack, you know, pack of three with one pouch and then maybe you know, pack of three or pack of circles just with one flavor because you know it's not a high margin I have that probably will get wiped out with pick and pack, you know, shipping costs, etc. Etc. But this is why I will send you this information. You should kind of look and say don't even do it because you're going to lose money. Just you know and I would be very, very grateful if you will help me because going into something that if you know I'm going to just lose and lose and there is no light because losing money for first month, maybe the second month, maybe for third month is one thing, but Louis, keep on. But if there is no light, you know, in the tunnel, there's no point of doing 100%.

Speaker B: Yes. Now Ilya, I think that it would benefit us if you get to know a little bit more about my process. So that that way you will know the sequence of work and also how things actually will work if we end up working together. Okay, so what I'll do is I'll share my screen and show you my page deck walking through my pitch deck very quickly so that you have a clear idea.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: All right, one second. Alright, so this is my page take. I'm going to. I have already told you a little bit about me so I don't have to walk you through all the pages. This is what I am going to cover in my PTI here. I'm going to show you what kind of clients I work with, which you also know. But I'll show you some examples. I'll skip over the best practices. That's something I prepared for the founders helping founders group. And I'll talk about the unique process. I'll show you some results and also you will get to see the pricing, other information. Alright, so let's skip to the clients part. I told you that I only work with food and beverage, dietary supplement and personal care brands. In fact, till date, small, big, combined 50 plus CPG clients. The clients that I work with, all of them are CPG or supplements. Now I'm going to skip over the best practices. This is something probably we can discuss another time. Let's jump right into the process. It's a five step process. Now all of these applies to you too, especially the audit. Maybe not all of it because you are not selling actively so far. And I'll walk you through all those steps in the next slide. Maybe you can just keep over this one. Again, account audit. When I first take over one account, if they're operating, then I run some of these reports. This is again not going to be very relevant for you. Still, to give you an idea, this is account level performance. Here we're taking a look at the revenue and different expenses after that, how it adds up, the gross margin adds up for your overall account. The same thing is done at the product level. Here we are taking a look at the revenue and all the expenses and the contribution margin at the product level that we can best optimize our account for profitability. Now this is going to be important for you for your product listings. Whenever you list something on Amazon, there are different components of Your listings. These are the components of your listings that you need to optimize. And here I have given some examples, some images here, for example, I'm highlighting the title. This is the A content. These are the images section. We all need to, we need to take care of, consider all those different components and optimize them. So when someone comes to me first, one of the first things that I do is audit their listing content for the existing listings for these components. Now again, we are not running ads, so I'll not talk about that right now. Let's talk about strategy. The step two. So after that audit is done and based on your personal I'll say business situation, we need to take a look at a few things. For example, whether we should do fulfilled by Amazon or fulfilled by merchant or first party. First party is invitation only. If you take a look at your Amazon listings in Canada, you will see it's being, they will say it's being sold and shipped by Amazon ca. So it's like Amazon is selling them directly. Why is that happening? Because the distributor of yours, they have a first party relationship with Amazon. So they are selling it directly to Amazon and Amazon is taking care of the rest. Now for us we will have two options. Two options, ABA and abm. I always recommend that we go for APA because it makes sense from the shipping and handling cost point of view. And also they have a better distribution so customers get your product faster. It's a good customer experience. The next thing is something that you actually mentioned and you wanted it. One of the first things that you have to do is to take a look at your offers and also consider the pricing option. So here on Amazon it's in one way it's very price sensitive. You cannot offer something at a very high price. You will never get any traction. But at the same time, if you lower your price too much, you will never make money. So we'll have to consider the competitive scenario, your costs, I mean all cost of goods and shipping and handling and everything. Excuse me. And then see if it makes sense for us to even go on Amazon, which is something that you mentioned. And once we can make sense of these, then the next step is content. You see, all of these things are something that I already mentioned in the audit section. So based on the audits, whatever we insights we find based on that, we make a strategy. So this is, we are first of all identify in the audit section. We first of all identify these are all the things that you need to take care of over time. But that may end up becoming too much to get started with. So what would be the priority? We come up with a strategy for that for content, advertising. Advertising budget is something that we have to discuss, right Mutually. We have to agree on a percentage that we can allocate. At the same time, there are a few other things like review strategies and all those stuff. Now let me show you what you might be very much interested in. The content. I mean, when you are going on Amazon, this is something that we actually do for you. When you are going on Amazon, you have to make sure your product, whatever way you want to position your product, it's being very easily and clearly communicated to the customers so that it's clear to them right from the moment when they're searching for your kind of products, which can be something like healthy snack or healthy cookies. Is your product sugar free? You mentioned you have cane sugar, so probably we are not going to claim sugar free, but anyway it's healthy version, so healthy snack, maybe something like that. So we have to ensure that whenever people search for relevant keywords, it's very easy for them to understand that this is exactly how we're trying to position our product. For that, what do we do? We study the computer products. We try to understand how people, the consumers, are using their product, in what context they're using, how it's benefiting them. And at the same time, we need to understand how customers are describing all those things in their own language. So customer lingo, which is one, I have given you one example. This is just one use case for a brain supplement that I was working on. But when you do this analysis, we generally get maybe somewhere between five to eight use cases. Not all of them are equally important, of course. Now we need to continue, we continue studying the audience. We try to understand what's the perception, how do the consumers perceive our similar products, I mean, the competitors that are available, what they like about them, what they dislike about them. We study all of these things. We also try to understand our own product, which you very well understand. So based on all these three insights, what we try to do is decide on the talking points. And Suzy, if you have been following her, refers to them as key messages. And these are in the order of priority. So the first one would be the most important thing that we need to highlight. So this is one of the most important things that we do because once we agree on this, we ensure that we are to make it very easy for people to understand. These are the key points, right? Key selling points in a way, or the way you are positioning your product. With that, we write the initial version of the content, the title, the bullet points, and also after that we do SEO. So we try to understand how similar products like yours are ranking which keywords they are ranking for. Out of those, which ones are relevant for us. Here on the right, for example, you will see a screenshot from a tool called Helium 10. You may be familiar and we use those keywords to do search engine optimization on the copy. Now there are a few more things that we need to consider in the recent days. Things like Rufus. Rufus is Amazon's AI Shopping assistant. You need to understand how Rufus understands your product or discovers your product. We need to use those insights for SEO as well as there's something called Cosmo. Cosmo is internal to Amazon. It's, I'm not going to go too much deep into it, but we also need to understand how Cosmo works and use those insights to optimize our product listing for SEO. All right, now once that is done, the fourth step is driving traffic. Now it's not only about Amazon ads. You can leverage Amazon's internal traffic with Amazon ads and at the same time, you can also leverage external traffic to give it some extra boost. These are some different placements on Amazon. And this is a video ad, sponsored brand video ad. By the way, this is very good for getting good roas. This is a measurement that I have done for ads. This is an LTV Lifetime value analysis, Lifetime value and retention rate analysis. Again, it's probably going to be a little bit too confusing if I want to describe all these numbers right now. But to give you a, like, give an idea what's going on here, if you take a look, for this product in the month of November, we acquired 635 unique new customers for that product in that month. And these customers in the first month in November 2023, the average purchase value was $30. Now you may think that, well, let's say you're running ads to acquire these customers. You may think that, oh, I spent $15 per customer in the first month and I just made $30 per customer. So I'm spending 50% on ads. I'm losing money, I'm not making money. But then at the same time, if you, and by the way, this analysis is something that we do after operating for a few months. It will not add value if you do when we're just launching because you don't have any data. Now if you track these same customers down the line for this product, for example, these customers on average Kept on purchasing these many customers, kept on repeating every month. And if you add up all those numbers by the end of 12th month, you find out, oh, they spent $104 with my brand. So now you, let's say spend $15 to acquire one customer on average and and let's say $5 more on average per customer to retain them throughout the year. And then after spending $20, they purchased $104 worth of product from you. It makes sense that you spend that money. Right? So this is the kind of analysis that we need to do to understand first of all which product has higher lifetime value and good repeat purchase rate so you can decide where your ad advertisement dollars should flow. What would be worth investigating. That's the point. Now driving traffic, I said driving traffic is the thing that we want to do. It can be internal or external. When you talk about external, we don't do that. But of course you have plenty of ways of driving that external traffic. What we can do is we can help you coordinate those traffic so that it helps you rank better on Amazon. Okay, now the fifth step. This is the end one. All the things that I said, they may seem like one time thing, but it's not. That never ends. We need to keep on optimizing. We need to keep on measuring against the KPIs and see what we can improve. That is all. Now this is the five step process. I think, I hope that this will be valuable. Let me just quickly show you some results from real clients. I told you that we only work with food and supplement and personal care brands. This is a result from a food brand. I can't mention the name of the brands but in 13 months we could grow this brand by 1.8x revenue in November last year was 131,000. Similarly, you will see another supplement brand here. This is another brand that is all that is end up resource section. And we have also a list of pricing and services that we offer which I can tell you more about. I will also send you this pitch deck so that you can review them later on. All right. So I hope that gave you some ideas about the process because you may in your mind you may have so many question about what will exactly do this. After I present this to potential clients, they know exactly what we do.

Speaker A: Well, the only thing that because it would be new listing, it will not be reviewing. I will basically ask you to set up completely. I have registered the brand registry. So I do have a brand registry and they have access to it. But the listing, if you Go on Amazon CA and you click on feedtreats cookies and you click on the product itself. You scroll down, you will see there is some content, there are pictures, there are videos. So I do have it. Like I can provide pictures and visuals, videos. But basically for Amazon.com, someone will have to set it up from zero and you know it makes sense. Instead of me setting it up wrong and then you reviewing it and fixing everything, I think it makes sense for you to actually set it up the way it needs to be with the correct font, with the correct, I don't know, like information and call out the customers and etc.

Speaker B: Yeah, of course. Well, something that I wanted to ask Ilya is I understand that your product right now in Canada is being distributed by this distribution company that you were working with. Does that prohibit you from selling the same products in Canada?

Speaker A: No, it doesn't. No.

Speaker B: You just think that there's not enough demand.

Speaker A: It's what I thought because we are 10 times smaller than us the product is not cheap. It is a premium ingredient. Right. It's premium product. As I said, people have no money. And my assumption is that the pack and peak and shipping fees in Amazon Canada would probably be more expensive than Amazon US just because with such a big country to get it from Ontario to B.C. will cost more and therefore Amazon prices probably will be high. Maybe I'm wrong. No, so it seems like lots of. So it seems like lots of wrong for a small price. If we are going to put our time and money and advertisement, we might as well do it on us. Which again, maybe I'm wrong, maybe US is harder to deal with. But

Speaker B: yeah, well, the reason I'm saying this is US is definitely bigger. A lot of demand. That, that's how people like to think. But at the same time it's very competitive. Everybody thinks like in the same way that oh, US is bigger. A lot of demand I want to call it.

Speaker A: No, I get it.

Speaker B: So if you want to go to the US marketplace, I will say that you need bigger budget and you need to be able to break even or maybe operate a loss for, for longer time than Canada. That's just my general opinion. So if you do have the budget, if you're ready for that, we can start with the US that's just something I will say.

Speaker A: But so when you're saying bigger budget, so then can we talk about the budget? Because bigger is a comparison comparative term, right? Biggest than what? So what would be the minimum? What actually not minimum. What would be suggested budget to Spend in Canada or us on advertisement monthly that actually will start making a difference.

Speaker B: You know what Julia would make sense for us to do is to consider all the numbers that you have. I mean, let's say cost of goods and shipping and handling expenses in different marketplaces and see how that adds up first. Right. And then see if that, how much room do we have for advertisement to. Let's say just breakeven.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: If that makes sense for us, then

Speaker A: we can talk about your fees. And then what are your fees? How. How are you getting. What is your structure?

Speaker B: Well, okay, let's talk about the fees for. Okay, let me share my screen help. So this is my pricing slide here. Now for the listing content, there are two different options here and this is mostly similar. I'll tell you what it is. It's the process that I described where we are trying to understand the competitive scenario, competitive research and the audience. We're trying to understand how customers use the product, how it benefits them, their own language and their perception about the competitive process products. And then deciding the talking points, the entire process basically. And then understanding how your computers are ranking based on that. Writing the SEO copy. And as well as backend, there are some backend search terms that we have to take care of. This is $500. Now if you the SEO copy for the title bullet point and product description, this is what is included. If you also want me to write the copy for A content and B, images, the listing images and give you a layout along with some examples for your graphic designer, this is how it is to be designed. That would be $750. Now you have multiple flavors, but it's the same product. So you can say all of your products will be covered under one listing. It will be just for one listing and for.

Speaker A: Yeah, but when you make saying the copy. So again like what I need to do is basically for someone to create a listing. Right. So what would that be?

Speaker B: So you don't want the copy?

Speaker A: Pardon?

Speaker B: Like you will take care of the copywriting. So is that what you're saying?

Speaker A: Yes. So that. No. I mean no. No. So that you will, you will take care of. Like I will provide you with content sizes, with everything information. But like physically go and open, you know, brand account on Amazon.com or Amazon CA, whatever it is. And to put. To set up a listing from zero. So that's what.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay. Yeah. Well, there are some. When you are doing it for the first time, there are two setup steps. I think you have taken care of one, which is the brand Registry process. Yep. Second step is to get a category approval. So we'll need to do that and then listing the products with the content. So are you saying that you are going to provide me with this content? You don't need this service from me? Is that what you're saying?

Speaker A: Well, I mean like I will, I will just give you a description. Right? I will give you description of. I will. Well, what, what I think the, the most important characteristics are. I will provide the pictures, but someone needs physically uploaded into and you know, in, in. In the listing, basically to create a listing.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. All right. So it's like you don't need this from me at all. You will just provide everything. I just need to go in there and complete first of all the category approval process and then list the product. That's all.

Speaker A: Well, list the product is a. I think it's not just at all. I think it's a big deal to put all of the content in. I can, you know, type. I will give you Microsoft Word document in the world and that's all I will, I will do. But, and again, and you can review and we can discuss. I have no problem. Like you said. It's just maybe, maybe we name them different names. Maybe this what you're saying, copy of a product. That's exactly what you mean. And I'm saying you need to create a listing. Maybe it is the same thing. I don't know. Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. All right. You know what, Yulia, I'll ask you a few more questions about the content that you'll provide. Will you be providing me in the format that Amazon needs or will I need to work on the copy that you will provide and then write it according to what Amazon needs?

Speaker A: I don't know what format they need, so no, I will provide it in the Microsoft Word format.

Speaker B: Okay. All right. So it looks like you will provide me some information that you think is important, but you still need me to do the work for Amazon overall thing. Got it. All right. So in that case, and you said that images will be provided by you, so I don't think we need to go for the second thing. We'll just go with the first one. Let me share my screen. So we're going to go with this one because you said you will be providing me with the images and I can simply use them. So. These along with the initial steps, which is going to be the category listings, that is going to be $150. So 150 plus 500 is going to be 650 in total for you in one marketplace.

Speaker A: Okay, sorry, sorry. Repeat it again. Sorry, go back and repeat again as you just said.

Speaker B: Okay, one second. I said that this is. You are going to provide me with the information. I'm still going to do all these steps and then write them in Amazon's own the format that Amazon needs. Along with that we'll do SEO. Right. And with this we'll also do category listing. Sorry, category approval. The first step before you list a product. So I said for that my charge will be $150 and then this $500 in total it will be $650. Right.

Speaker A: But then we're going to the ad management. Right? Because just putting, if I'm just putting listing on and it just sits there, I'm wasting everyone's time, right. It's like I will have to advertise. So this is what your fees is 1600amonth.

Speaker B: It's for both marketplace. Yes. If someone comes to me with let's say up to five listings then. And also if they want to advertise in both marketplaces, this is going to be my fee. But if looks like you are interested in one marketplace only, Right, Right. In that case, it will be $900 plus 3% commission on growth.

Speaker A: Okay. And what do you think I will need to spend in advertisement to make any difference monthly?

Speaker B: Right? That's a good question. And I would ask you first in terms of your objectives, how much do you see yourself selling on Amazon, let's say down the line in six months per month cases.

Speaker A: Well, but you see like as much as they would like. I can sell like if we can sell hundred thousand a month, I would love to sell 100,000amonth. Is there enough people to make such sales on cookies? I don't know. And can we actually reach all of them without spending a million dollars on advertisement? It's another one, right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Because all of this brand, like I don't know if you know midday bars, midday snack bars, like Very Good Butcher, like they all claiming, oh, we're making 20 million on online sales.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: But you spending 100 million on advertisement on online sales, like Very Good Butcher is a good example because they're publicly traded. You can go and look at their annual financial reports. They're right now bankrupt. So they claimed bankruptcy. But two years ago they were selling online $20 million in a quarter. In one quarter. But then when you go on their financial reports, they were spending on advertisements, 60 or 70 million. They will keep on. They were hoping that they'll get recurring. Yeah, people. And they will stop. But it never happened. And the same, you know, all of this, chef's plate, hello, fresh. All of that.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Like they're spending an advertisement more than they are making. So. So it's kind of cheating. Next issue. Like, would I like to sell hundred. Where. Where do I see myself in six months? Again, hopefully not being a bankruptcy.

Speaker B: No, no. Very valid question, Yulia. And I also, I mean, of course, request you to be very cautious. I know I upfront, say it very upfront, that Amazon is not very easy. It's a very competitive space and I have dealt with cookies myself. Yes, I do get to see the volume in Canada. I'm talking about in Canada, we could reach for one of the cookies that I handled and I'll not name it, we could reach even 2,000 units a month. But it's very difficult to make money per unit.

Speaker A: So

Speaker B: in terms of ad spend, you see, again, it really depends. In the beginning, if you're just relying on Amazon to create the tip to great demand, then usually people spend, let's say even 50 to 60% of their revenue on ads. That's how it generally works. Because they want to catch up. They're trying to do two things. One is they're trying to rank for keywords organically. Because on Amazon, it's not just return on ads that you get to see on Ad Council. When you're spending money, Amazon sees. Oh, okay, okay. So people, when they're searching for this keyword, they're clicking on your product, so that's the signal. And then they're also adding to cart and eventually buying your product. So that means your product is relevant for that keyword. When they see that, they start ranking your product organically higher. That's what they're trying to achieve. And at the same time, you're trying to gather more reviews, more traction. That's why they invest that much money. Now, is that something that you think will be a good idea for you? That's the question. Yeah, yeah. What else are you trying, Yulia? I mean, apart from Amazon, how much else are you doing to promote your products?

Speaker A: Like right now, nothing. I have an Instagram account, but it's. I haven't put much, much time in it to tell the truth, because again, it's very hard. It's very hard to see with social media. Unless you sell online, you don't see the results. Right. Because if I sell in retail stores and I promote it on social media, you don't see if it's working. Or not. If you promote on social media and Instagram and you have a link to Amazon or your own Shopify account, you can see, okay, this month I spent X on social media and this is how much sales I got with stores. You cannot really see it. It's just brand awareness. So pretty much,

Speaker B: yeah.

Speaker A: Because yeah, like margin on cookies is not a big margin. And again, I will send you, I will shoot you an email just with information on what the costs would be landed in Canada or landed in US and what they landed, what the sales price would be us. Just to give you an idea, you know, what the friction dollar amount is.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Okay. So I would say let's do this. Please send me those information. Along with that, please send me the dimension and weight of each package so that I can at least take a look at the numbers.

Speaker A: And.

Speaker B: I don't know, maybe, you know what, I'll just run the numbers and then maybe email you back saying that, look, this is what it looks like. If you want to have another discussion, if you want to move forward, we can have another discussion and then do something about it.

Speaker A: Yeah, 100%. So I will send you dimensional pricing. Keep in mind that dimension of the pouch is this, this and that. But the pouch is flexible. So like let's say the pouch is 20 centimeter by 15 centimeter by 6 centimeter. So 22 is quite high. But we can bend it almost in half. And I will have it on my email like the pack of three, I can pull like three pouches I can put in a box six inches by six inches by six inches. So when you look at the size, it doesn't mean that, you know, and size as 22 cm high, it doesn't mean that we have to have 22 centimeter high box. That box could be like half of it.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Because it's flexible and I put it in my email. I just want to explain so that you know what I'm talking about.

Speaker B: Sure, yeah, sounds good.

Speaker A: Okay, well, thank you for your time. Yeah. And I am aware of the fact that cookies, it is low margin, which is why I weren't really planning to be on Amazon, but now I'm figuring I will be in the United States anyway. So for me it is more exposure to tell the truth. So that. Because when I sell to retailers, the buyers in retail stores, they are asking, how are you doing online? How you doing social media? So Amazon reviews or purchases of how well are you doing? It is one of the factors that they are, you know, keeping in mind. So so I'm not expecting to make money or well look it would be nice to make money but I don't want to just keep on spending more than whatever three months and be below.

Speaker B: Got it. Well if you're looking for reviews by the way I can definitely help you with that if that is your objective then regardless of how how much money you can make or how much money you invest on ads probably at least you should have the listings in place with some good reviews that are also

Speaker A: but isn't reviews need to be done by people who are buying your products because Amazon does see if it's verified or not verified.

Speaker B: Yes, we're not going to do anything that is against the policy. I do have some ideas for we can talk about that. It okay. All right.

Speaker A: Thank you.

Speaker B: Yeah. Thank you so much. You have a wonderful day.

Speaker A: Be in touch. Bye.

