Transcript for: Recording__1147.mp4
Title: Recording #1147
============================================================

They're like more broad in terms of marketplace marketing agency. So they target every kind of brand in Amazon. But I see you only targeting like CPG brands. Cpg, yes, yeah, which is good. I can utilize some of that resources and database there from their platform and help you out as well. I have a lot of resources in terms of E commerce space and I think it can be a good fit for you. As I mentioned and this is just one month of data. You know how many. So basically imagine if you say that someone will automatically reach out to you on LinkedIn because of your content, right. What if we created 100 of account like you, not necessarily like you, but acting as your employee or representing. And then we customize the profile related to CPG and consistently we can post some content across those account and then we're reaching, we keep reaching out to same group of CPG owner consistently every month. Do you believe there's a result coming out from you know, doing SQL? Right, I see that. How do you handle that many messages? So we have a team and we have AI to manage all these. Not necessarily AI, we plug in nice but we have a lot of system. I will show you the Unibos later. So basically these is like hey, we have 100 account doing for seller interactive and then we are basically sending connection through. You see the number you will know we are doing it at a really large scale. So people like we connected with 3,000 people in a month and then a thousand of them replies because because of the personalized message we do some research about the ICP and stuff basically creating some core value those people and then they're willing to respond obviously. And then out of this a thousand book 100 meetings through there. 100 meetings? Yeah, a month. That's how the scale they're running right now I think they're at around 5 to to 10 million range right now like for revenue. So that's how they grow. This is the core strategy of Legion. I I can disclose to you because it's not everyone can replicate the same process. They've been doing it for like years. And that's where I step in helping them to grow as well. So we automated, we automated the whole system platform doing our wish. I show you some campaign detail details as well. Like this is some august little leads this like small campaign they've been running like different accounts and stuff like all these LinkedIn accounts like each single account they would go follow your prospect, view their profile like their post and sending a really customized, you know, variable kind of connection Request that hey came across your brand, which is your Amazon brand. We do research, we have a database and. And that's your product. Like they see the AC number and title all these detail thing and looks great. We'd love to connect and share thoughts so people know that you know about them and they feel connected because you mentioned these detail things which is AC number. Like all these things, it's like you speak the same language. All right, got it. Talk to people who speak the same language. That's how you speak. It's like you also have. You're pulling their Amazon data and then say know that which asins they have and all. Yeah, that's part of our lead generation process as well. So we have a database finding all these people and hey, and then we eventually find the owner of the brand and then we reach out on LinkedIn. All these things will be handled by us. And this is basically like another message once they connect, if you can send a longer message. So these. I think they're running a separate campaign right now about Prime Day. So different locations seasonally to attract the customer. If you run with Amazon client, obviously Prime Day is one of the biggest day that they can push a revenue and stuff and do promotion. So different campaign. We will customize different messages. This is the Prime Day season. They do something like this to make sure hey, I know you have an urgency or buying signal. That's what we call buying signal. That hey, I think you do marketing, you know as well. So how why people would need you at the moment. They have urgency, they have Prime Days coming up. They really need someone to help them push their revenue. So that's how we step in and provide a meeting. Normally a meeting. If they have a good buying signal, they just go in and talk to you. And if you believe in your closing power, believe in your service. That's how you generate opportunity and generate your revenues from that standing point. And this is really straightforward. We just had the system set up in a really organized way and manage it and different follow up message as well. Basically it's about your company details, what you can do. Like all these things can be customized based on your needs. Okay. So we have also this revenue type of research variable that you can do based on how much research we do to those prospect and then we do our reach on LinkedIn. All right. Okay. So this is the whole system follow up. It's just like you know, following emails and stuff. Similar like you know, the automation on email. But the fun part is this. We have a unibox Comply mentioning how we respond to those message. So we have a BDR team and virtual team from Philippines to help us to manage and tagging all these things. And basically I'll see some. Hey, I got frustrated like hey, managing Amazon business balance. I can't help like all these things we just keep like all this detail is like variables. Right. So this is. Yeah. Do you mind showing me one example where the client is responding and I mean potential client is responding and how the conversation flows. Amazon is the worst. Like oh, this is like bad response. But I can find some good response. Right. We have given tagging follow. I'm not interested. Shopify, spam, email, phone. Wow. Okay, let's see. Oh, tough book. All right. So yeah, I'm not actively managed now because we have a team to do it. But like I think this is how it looks like. Hey, came across a brand. $1 for five low. We don't rise on Amazon. Okay. And then got it refers and that and then just book a call next week. Wow. Yeah. Wow. And you have to keep following up that many times to book a call. Wow. I mean we have a system to manage people too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And here as well. Whoa. Okay. Hey, happy to book a call. You know, sometimes it's easy. Right, Right. People say, hey, I book a call because they want to know more about their product. Right. Because as long as they have good buying signal, people don't need to talk to you that much. You have all the information ready. Like with Prime Day, Prime Day is already a good message for people to give enough incentive for people to talk to you. As long as your revenue makes sense to people. If you grow 10 times of revenue, you're only charging them 10% of your service fee. Right. Why isn't that a big problem to them? Like there's no. And then booking a meeting to them is no cost. Right. All we do if you are in marketing office, exposure is really important. What we do is like affiliate marketing in LinkedIn instead of Instagram because it's B2B business Instagram. You can do affiliate marketing for like a B2C product, which is fine, but LinkedIn is more like for B2. So we're basically doing affiliate marketing on LinkedIn as a B2B seller. So that's how we basically identify ourselves. Yeah, got it. And all of these profiles that are sending the messages, are they shown as an employee of the company? Yep. We can all customize to your employees. So let's say you are only a one man team. We make 10 man teams, 100 man teams. Don't worry about it. That's what I'm building, right. This marketing basically with a lot of verified account which has to be verified because you know LinkedIn nowadays being more and more restricted. So people, you know, it's easy to get banned if you're using FIC account to reach out to people. But we already created the whole supply chain. It's all been taken care of. All you need to take care is just tell me what is your closing rate. We do a testing couple months, reverse the math. Hey, what is the volume that we need to send? What is the. You know, at least I would say start with 10 account and stuff. And then our service basically only charge you per account based on rental. And then we provide you the whole system host and to do outreach for you. Yeah, right. And you said you will charge me per account or how does that work? So all this system, I only need to show you this system works. Honestly, this system takes a membership fee and all this thing. I will cover all the costs. I will sell you an account include including all these services. Just need to talk to me about your icp, about your messaging, about your company, information about how you want to customize your fake army. And then we will basically customize those account and add it to your company community and then outreach representing you and then we set up a separate account. You see here I have a bunch of client, they just go in and then I will manage it for you. We can also have access to all these things so you can monitor it like a marketing campaign. Yeah, got it. Okay, so should we talk about how the fees work? Like I just wondering like what is your budget? What's the pricing in terms of you know, growing? You know, I'm pretty sure like two to three times of ROI for our business model is like really easy. Because how much. What is your average ticket price right now? What is by average? What sorry. Take a price like charging one clients per month or like one depends on the client honestly and on the average. Yeah. Well, give me a range or just give me the lowest, lowest or wherever. Okay, lowest. Let's say, let's say thousand dollar less than a thousand and medium. Can it be around 2,000 or like. It can be around 2,000. Yes. Right. So one account for us is just I think because you a good relationship with ads. I won't charge. Normally I recharge 150 per account USD but now we just charge 100 per account for like per month. So normally Recommend start with 10 account because you want to scale, right? Otherwise you can just use your own account. So 10 account to begin with is just 100 USD. And then we'll manage everything for you giving you the assets. Honestly if you use 10 seats in this system, I think probably already take you 300 USD. Yeah. Or 200 USD. Like only the system itself but I have it all covered. We manage all the costs ourselves. Only thing we're charging is just, you know that can rental and doing outreach for you. One second. So let me understand this. I mean let me see if I have understood this correctly. You said if I just want access to these and want to do it myself, I mean you have access to this. Okay. Surprising. I'm doing comparison if you're registering account separately using this yourself. First of all you don't have accounts to reach out using one account of your own LinkedIn every day you can send like 40 connection. That's it. And this is number scam. As you can see normally the closing or booking rate will be like 2% run based on your connection cents. So we normally need to do a scale. That's why I recommend to begin with 10 account. So then we can basically do a couple months of testing. Normally one to two months, you will see some result. Not even mention that I already have your customer base and you have your prospect in my other clients pool. So I already have a database in your community which is advantage to you compared with other industry. I can basically do a referral directly for some of the CPG product. So it's easy for me. Or we can do like a guarantee model which I used to do is like I book 20 meetings for you, guarantee for pricing and then if we didn't reach the goal, you just. We just don't charge you until we make the goal for you to make sure your ROI makes sense. Yeah, basically a model of guarantee. A pilot model for rois. Yeah. Right. Evan, this is very good system that you are working on now. See if we get meetings that's fine. But then ultimately what brings money is if we sign the client. Right. And. And what? Like would you consider working in this way? Let's say there would be a base fee for setting up the accounts or however you want to see it and based on closing, right? Yeah, that's fine, that's fine. But I just wonder what is your expectation in terms of the base fee? Yeah, because we need to scale up the account for you. Right? Any budget range. Yeah, so that is something. I didn't really come up with a number right now. Right. I have to think about it. I'm getting to know about what you charge for the first time I recommend the base fee was. Hey, I start with 10 account with you I will take care of everything which is a thousand USD. But I would do all the outreach as long as possible to do the outreach for you. And then you have all the access to the data campaign detail. And I will also because you are closer relationship with Max, I will also refer you using my other like Seller Interactive current existing client pool which like not all of them will onboard them but those people are actually in needs. It's just not the right fit for Seller Interactive. Right. But you know they're doing at scale. So I have already several 30,000 of qualified leads for you to ready to outreach. Like basically. Yeah, yeah. And I think I also like to do a little bit more personalized to the CPU CPG industry specifically. And there are things that I can offer that are not Seller Interactive can offer. Right. Because you are in the niche of cpg. So I think there's definitely a differentiate from that. And yeah, what I wanted to tell you is just I can leverage a good database for existing client and also I have a really ecosystem setup. Have you heard about Econ North? Yes, I'm. I'm doing events for them. Okay. Oh, so you are. You are the man. Yeah, I'm the man. Like you see you don't know how many respond. It's just. We just started like. We just started like couples last week. Actually we are only using two free account but I my partner is the owner founder of Seller Interactive. Seller Interactive, Stallion Express. Have you heard about Stallion Express? Yeah, yeah, I have. Ecom north like he's the founder so I'm partnering with him with this company. So I will have. You will never find the best ecosystem that we build in community in Canada. Got it. The economy. Got it. Well, yeah. Can you tell me something? So realistically, let's say for Sellers Interactive, how many clients did you do they ultimately close? Do you have that kind of statistics ultimately close? Normally our closing rate is 30%. So let's say if I book 100 meeting to them, they can book close 30. And because you know otherwise how can they reach 5 million or 10 million revenue? They are charging similar. Their average ticket price is a thousand five hundred. So you need. You need to do the math. Right. So for 5 million revenue per year, how many revenue. So how many per month? I was 5 million divided by 12 which is 416k per month and divided by. Let's say 2000 each. You have to have 200 clients. Yeah. So basically it's like. So the. So the 30% closing rates make sense because people in marketing agency, you know, people turn. Yeah. Every three months, you know, they have different perspective. So we have to keep generating leads coming in to build that 400k kind of benchmark. Yeah. Are you a partner at Sellers Interactive or are you working with them? I was helping them to build a system. Then we realized it's been really successful and I'm helping like Micro. We started it as a separate company, first of all, helping all our ecosystem company like Stallion Econ off, like all these things to regeneration and grow our own sales system. And also we use it as a separate service to offer to the community. So even, you know what, I have to think about the numbers a little bit. But here's what I can see. I would love to make it worth your time if it works out. Right. Because. And I'm saying this from a commission's perspective, I'll need to think about the base fee so that it's, you know, you can. It's not zero. Right. Cannot be zero. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So we'll have to think about that. And then if it works, first of all, I'll be able to compensate with you with your commission with some. With. And I'll be generous with the commission. And if it works, then we can also scale from there. Right. So yeah. All right. This looks good to me even. But give me about a week and I'll reach out to you. Okay. Do I have your email? Oh, I have your LinkedIn. Yeah, you have my link in. But I sent my email here. Just Evan as sales partner. All right. You have it in the core as well, so. Awesome. Sounds good to me. Awesome. Okay. And you just do it for LinkedIn, don't do for emails right now. Email is saturated right now. I can do it for email, but you don't want to waste the money for your domain management, your inbox management, you know, that's extra cost of buying like thousands of domain for like the campaign to make. Because the conversion number on email is much lower than LinkedIn. I think you understand this scale of doing email is much, much bigger and maintaining emails and deliverability, you know, all these things just. And other things is too much. Yeah. Right. And with these hundred accounts that you have set up for Sellers Interactive, are you sending requests to different people or are you sending it to different or newer leads? Otherwise you cannot digest like digest 40,000 of people. It's all different people. It's like 30,000 different people. Yeah, got it, got it. Okay. And you said you also had a power lead model or you. You were like, after I get you 20 or 50 calls a month. Yeah, 20 per month. We're charging like 3,000 USD for like a flat fee. So we take care of everything. We make sure you reach the goal and then, you know, basically we start from there. Yeah. For 20 or trading $3,000. Yeah. No commission is 20 meetings. Yeah. Because normally let. What's your closing rate if I book you 20 meetings? Oh, that I have never calculated, but usually they close. I mean, when their clients are interested, then they. It's easy to. Yeah. So I will give you interested clients. Like definitely people are in Amazon, you know, they are, they, they have the space to like, they learn about how to, they want to learn how to grow their revenue. Like you. Right. So normally, I would tell you normally the closing rate should be 20 to 30%. The worst scenario. All right. Yeah. So let's say 20% of scenario. So 20 meeting, 20%. You close four deals. Right. Four dues each deals. A thousand bucks is already 4,000 bucks. So you already have like at least a K of recruiting extra. Then, you know, then I didn't charge you commission. You already covered the first month of the cost of me. And then your revenue is recruiting. I didn't even charge you wherever commission and stuff. Right. I get that, but don't. And if you go for like a lower tier, I'm good to take commission for recurring, but it really depends of your business. Right. Because honestly for my system and my platform, not closing the deal, it's not my fault. It's like basically about the product offering and the product feeds. Right. No, there could be another thing too. The quality of the lead. Right. So that also matters here. Which is why I have all the data and community here. Right. You know, you can see, you can search it out. So the quality of leads I can, I can guarantee is no problem. Yeah. Because I have the best case study in the E commerce community and have the best ecosystem and network. I have no excuse to show you like, you know, bad leads and stuff. Yeah. So if you say 20 leads, it's like US$3,000 per per lead. That means it will be charging more than $100 per lead. I actually, I have a client paying me 250 per booking. Okay. Yeah. So that's how, you know, I. That's why I want to propose to you it's like a lower flat fee, but closing with commission. Right. Because Your agency model is not like you know one of my client closing. One deal can be 20k, can be 30k. Right. Like they're different but they only need to one close and then cover a year of my my expenses. Right. But for you I want to make your long term and sustainable way. So I would. That's why I recommended the 1k with commission. You know we tested it out a little bit. I can even charge you lower on 10 commission because I know you are early stage company. I don't want to you know like too much cost on your site. You want to secure the revenue. So when you see this model works out, you can scale with me. You can scale from 10 account to 100 accounts. You know ultimately ideally I want you to be an UNSL interactive as well. So here's what I want to bring to the table is like we have a proven success and proven like case study in the successful e commerce space in Canada as well. So like all these things you can know of all these community, you know you have it. Oh by the way if you want to join like your service provider, right. I can't give you a really, you know Ecom north is hosting an event and September 26th or 7th I can give you a code for that to have a really low access quality so you can go to the event, talk to a lot of brand owner like this. I think there are a thousand of people attending the events. So they're all brand owner, Amazon sellers off of seller like all e commerce owner. I can also grant you access to those event just as. Okay. All right Evan, so thank you for all this information. Let's. I think I'll be okay to talk to you again in a week. I'll text you on LinkedIn and then book another call. Yeah, for sure. Just do your math. I mean if you are planning to grow, I think it's better to do the reverse math of base your historical rates, how many people because I know you haven't done any outreach before. Like for these numbers you need sometimes test. But if you really want to grow, I think it's a good opportunity for you to start testing and then you'll make the budget make sense. And so we have a more detailed plan after a month or two of running. So hey, I know these already can generate or close one or two deals. What if I make it 10 times faster, 10 times bigger? Then your cost economic of scale will be lower. You have a really stable system, we manage it for you and then you can focusing on selling and service Providing like providing your service to the people and then we'll grow for you. Yeah. Okay, sounds good. That's good. All right. I'm looking forward to we connect and let me know price is really reasonable. I think like a thousand USD will be the bench. I would say. Normally I would charge like 3 to 5,000 per client but I know agency is like they, they really need a recurring revenue so you know, I will, I'm okay with like the commission model with lower upfront costs and stuff. Yeah. You know what, one question that I wanted to ask, just remember is the profiles that you create, how do they look? Do you also. How do you make. Let me show you, let me show you. Turning my link in right now. I'm searching now one of my clients and we've been doing. All the dummy account. Oh yeah. Okay. And if you click on them, what does. Do you have some. I help them. Yeah. Okay. I help them to customize banner. I help them to customize the headline. I do the experience and sometimes post something related to the community. Yeah. You see the global language, like their language platform. Got it. Okay. And strategic growth like all these things remote and stuff. Another one, if these accounts are not legit, people are not responding. These are all similar posts again. Okay. Yeah, this is all account looks like they have 400 connection. You know like it's like good, good connection. Yeah, yeah, it's legit. It's legit. Wow. Damn. All right. This looks good. Yeah, looks good, right? I hope you appreciate it by me. But like you know, almost we speak with results. Honestly, normally as like a marketing event, if you don't, like if you don't see without one or two months or in three months. Normally we sign a three month contract. Right. You can easily just ditch up. But normally I, I have, I have, I, I haven't turned any client yet. Just, just so you know like we have like five to six in like from like the four months of P risk. Like they didn't turn. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Okay, well if it works, why would they turn right? They would want to scale with you. They wouldn't want to chart. Yeah, that's why. So I mean the system is stable. Have really sustainable supply chain right now. So I'm looking to grow, review, let me know maybe once I will follow up or you let me know when you make your mind. Just one, one thing I want to let you know, just do the math. I will make sure you have a good ROI at least two times to three times. So you know, start from there. All right. Okay, sounds good. All right, thank you. Nice chatting with you. All right. Yeah, nice chatting with you. Looking forward to follow up. Okay, bye. Yes. Bye now. Take care. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: They're like more broad in terms of marketplace marketing agency. So they target every kind of brand in Amazon. But I see you only targeting like CPG brands. Cpg, yes, yeah, which is good. I can utilize some of that resources and database there from their platform and help you out as well. I have a lot of resources in terms of E commerce space and I think it can be a good fit for you. As I mentioned and this is just one month of data. You know how many. So basically imagine if you say that someone will automatically reach out to you on LinkedIn because of your content, right. What if we created 100 of account like you, not necessarily like you, but acting as your employee or representing. And then we customize the profile related to CPG and consistently we can post some content across those account and then we're reaching, we keep reaching out to same group of CPG owner consistently every month. Do you believe there's a result coming out from you know, doing SQL?

Speaker B: Right, I see that. How do you handle that many messages?

Speaker A: So we have a team and we have AI to manage all these. Not necessarily AI, we plug in nice but we have a lot of system. I will show you the Unibos later. So basically these is like hey, we have 100 account doing for seller interactive and then we are basically sending connection through. You see the number you will know we are doing it at a really large scale. So people like we connected with 3,000 people in a month and then a thousand of them replies because because of the personalized message we do some research about the ICP and stuff basically creating some core value those people and then they're willing to respond obviously. And then out of this a thousand book 100 meetings through there.

Speaker B: 100 meetings?

Speaker A: Yeah, a month. That's how the scale they're running right now I think they're at around 5 to to 10 million range right now like for revenue. So that's how they grow. This is the core strategy of Legion. I I can disclose to you because it's not everyone can replicate the same process. They've been doing it for like years. And that's where I step in helping them to grow as well. So we automated, we automated the whole system platform doing our wish. I show you some campaign detail details as well. Like this is some august little leads this like small campaign they've been running like different accounts and stuff like all these LinkedIn accounts like each single account they would go follow your prospect, view their profile like their post and sending a really customized, you know, variable kind of connection Request that hey came across your brand, which is your Amazon brand. We do research, we have a database and. And that's your product. Like they see the AC number and title all these detail thing and looks great. We'd love to connect and share thoughts so people know that you know about them and they feel connected because you mentioned these detail things which is AC number. Like all these things, it's like you speak the same language. All right, got it. Talk to people who speak the same language. That's how you speak.

Speaker B: It's like you also have. You're pulling their Amazon data and then say know that which asins they have and all.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's part of our lead generation process as well. So we have a database finding all these people and hey, and then we eventually find the owner of the brand and then we reach out on LinkedIn. All these things will be handled by us. And this is basically like another message once they connect, if you can send a longer message. So these. I think they're running a separate campaign right now about Prime Day. So different locations seasonally to attract the customer. If you run with Amazon client, obviously Prime Day is one of the biggest day that they can push a revenue and stuff and do promotion. So different campaign. We will customize different messages. This is the Prime Day season. They do something like this to make sure hey, I know you have an urgency or buying signal. That's what we call buying signal. That hey, I think you do marketing, you know as well. So how why people would need you at the moment. They have urgency, they have Prime Days coming up. They really need someone to help them push their revenue. So that's how we step in and provide a meeting. Normally a meeting. If they have a good buying signal, they just go in and talk to you. And if you believe in your closing power, believe in your service. That's how you generate opportunity and generate your revenues from that standing point. And this is really straightforward. We just had the system set up in a really organized way and manage it and different follow up message as well. Basically it's about your company details, what you can do. Like all these things can be customized based on your needs. Okay. So we have also this revenue type of research variable that you can do based on how much research we do to those prospect and then we do our reach on LinkedIn. All right.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So this is the whole system follow up. It's just like you know, following emails and stuff. Similar like you know, the automation on email. But the fun part is this. We have a unibox Comply mentioning how we respond to those message. So we have a BDR team and virtual team from Philippines to help us to manage and tagging all these things. And basically I'll see some. Hey, I got frustrated like hey, managing Amazon business balance. I can't help like all these things we just keep like all this detail is like variables. Right. So this is. Yeah.

Speaker B: Do you mind showing me one example where the client is responding and I mean potential client is responding and how the conversation flows.

Speaker A: Amazon is the worst. Like oh, this is like bad response. But I can find some good response. Right. We have given tagging follow. I'm not interested. Shopify, spam, email, phone.

Speaker B: Wow. Okay, let's see.

Speaker A: Oh, tough book. All right. So yeah, I'm not actively managed now because we have a team to do it. But like I think this is how it looks like. Hey, came across a brand. $1 for five low. We don't rise on Amazon. Okay. And then got it refers and that and then just book a call next week. Wow. Yeah. Wow.

Speaker B: And you have to keep following up that many times to book a call. Wow.

Speaker A: I mean we have a system to manage people too.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: And here as well.

Speaker B: Whoa. Okay.

Speaker A: Hey, happy to book a call. You know, sometimes it's easy. Right, Right. People say, hey, I book a call because they want to know more about their product. Right. Because as long as they have good buying signal, people don't need to talk to you that much. You have all the information ready. Like with Prime Day, Prime Day is already a good message for people to give enough incentive for people to talk to you. As long as your revenue makes sense to people. If you grow 10 times of revenue, you're only charging them 10% of your service fee. Right. Why isn't that a big problem to them? Like there's no. And then booking a meeting to them is no cost. Right. All we do if you are in marketing office, exposure is really important. What we do is like affiliate marketing in LinkedIn instead of Instagram because it's B2B business Instagram. You can do affiliate marketing for like a B2C product, which is fine, but LinkedIn is more like for B2. So we're basically doing affiliate marketing on LinkedIn as a B2B seller. So that's how we basically identify ourselves.

Speaker B: Yeah, got it. And all of these profiles that are sending the messages, are they shown as an employee of the company?

Speaker A: Yep. We can all customize to your employees. So let's say you are only a one man team. We make 10 man teams, 100 man teams. Don't worry about it. That's what I'm building, right. This marketing basically with a lot of verified account which has to be verified because you know LinkedIn nowadays being more and more restricted. So people, you know, it's easy to get banned if you're using FIC account to reach out to people. But we already created the whole supply chain. It's all been taken care of. All you need to take care is just tell me what is your closing rate. We do a testing couple months, reverse the math. Hey, what is the volume that we need to send? What is the. You know, at least I would say start with 10 account and stuff. And then our service basically only charge you per account based on rental. And then we provide you the whole system host and to do outreach for you.

Speaker B: Yeah, right. And you said you will charge me per account or how does that work?

Speaker A: So all this system, I only need to show you this system works. Honestly, this system takes a membership fee and all this thing. I will cover all the costs. I will sell you an account include including all these services. Just need to talk to me about your icp, about your messaging, about your company, information about how you want to customize your fake army. And then we will basically customize those account and add it to your company community and then outreach representing you and then we set up a separate account. You see here I have a bunch of client, they just go in and then I will manage it for you. We can also have access to all these things so you can monitor it like a marketing campaign.

Speaker B: Yeah, got it. Okay, so should we talk about how the fees work?

Speaker A: Like I just wondering like what is your budget? What's the pricing in terms of you know, growing? You know, I'm pretty sure like two to three times of ROI for our business model is like really easy. Because how much. What is your average ticket price right now?

Speaker B: What is by average? What sorry.

Speaker A: Take a price like charging one clients per month or like one depends on

Speaker B: the client honestly and on the average.

Speaker A: Yeah. Well, give me a range or just give me the lowest, lowest or wherever.

Speaker B: Okay, lowest. Let's say, let's say thousand dollar less

Speaker A: than a thousand and medium. Can it be around 2,000 or like.

Speaker B: It can be around 2,000. Yes.

Speaker A: Right. So one account for us is just I think because you a good relationship with ads. I won't charge. Normally I recharge 150 per account USD but now we just charge 100 per account for like per month. So normally Recommend start with 10 account because you want to scale, right? Otherwise you can just use your own account. So 10 account to begin with is just 100 USD. And then we'll manage everything for you giving you the assets. Honestly if you use 10 seats in this system, I think probably already take you 300 USD. Yeah. Or 200 USD. Like only the system itself but I have it all covered. We manage all the costs ourselves. Only thing we're charging is just, you know that can rental and doing outreach for you.

Speaker B: One second. So let me understand this. I mean let me see if I have understood this correctly. You said if I just want access to these and want to do it

Speaker A: myself, I mean you have access to this.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Surprising. I'm doing comparison if you're registering account separately using this yourself. First of all you don't have accounts to reach out using one account of your own LinkedIn every day you can send like 40 connection. That's it. And this is number scam. As you can see normally the closing or booking rate will be like 2% run based on your connection cents. So we normally need to do a scale. That's why I recommend to begin with 10 account. So then we can basically do a couple months of testing. Normally one to two months, you will see some result. Not even mention that I already have your customer base and you have your prospect in my other clients pool. So I already have a database in your community which is advantage to you compared with other industry. I can basically do a referral directly for some of the CPG product. So it's easy for me. Or we can do like a guarantee model which I used to do is like I book 20 meetings for you, guarantee for pricing and then if we didn't reach the goal, you just. We just don't charge you until we make the goal for you to make sure your ROI makes sense. Yeah, basically a model of guarantee. A pilot model for rois. Yeah.

Speaker B: Right. Evan, this is very good system that you are working on now. See if we get meetings that's fine. But then ultimately what brings money is if we sign the client. Right. And. And what? Like would you consider working in this way? Let's say there would be a base fee for setting up the accounts or however you want to see it and

Speaker A: based on closing, right? Yeah, that's fine, that's fine. But I just wonder what is your expectation in terms of the base fee? Yeah, because we need to scale up the account for you. Right? Any budget range.

Speaker B: Yeah, so that is something. I didn't really come up with a number right now. Right. I have to think about it. I'm getting to know about what you charge for the first time I recommend

Speaker A: the base fee was. Hey, I start with 10 account with you I will take care of everything which is a thousand USD. But I would do all the outreach as long as possible to do the outreach for you. And then you have all the access to the data campaign detail. And I will also because you are closer relationship with Max, I will also refer you using my other like Seller Interactive current existing client pool which like not all of them will onboard them but those people are actually in needs. It's just not the right fit for Seller Interactive. Right. But you know they're doing at scale. So I have already several 30,000 of qualified leads for you to ready to outreach. Like basically. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: And I think I also like to do a little bit more personalized to the CPU CPG industry specifically. And there are things that I can

Speaker A: offer that are not Seller Interactive can offer. Right. Because you are in the niche of cpg. So I think there's definitely a differentiate from that. And yeah, what I wanted to tell you is just I can leverage a good database for existing client and also I have a really ecosystem setup. Have you heard about Econ North? Yes, I'm. I'm doing events for them.

Speaker B: Okay. Oh, so you are. You are the man.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'm the man. Like you see you don't know how many respond. It's just. We just started like. We just started like couples last week. Actually we are only using two free account but I my partner is the owner founder of Seller Interactive. Seller Interactive, Stallion Express. Have you heard about Stallion Express?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, I have.

Speaker A: Ecom north like he's the founder so I'm partnering with him with this company. So I will have. You will never find the best ecosystem that we build in community in Canada.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: The economy.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: Well, yeah.

Speaker B: Can you tell me something? So realistically, let's say for Sellers Interactive, how many clients did you do they ultimately close? Do you have that kind of statistics ultimately close?

Speaker A: Normally our closing rate is 30%. So let's say if I book 100 meeting to them, they can book close 30. And because you know otherwise how can they reach 5 million or 10 million revenue? They are charging similar. Their average ticket price is a thousand five hundred. So you need. You need to do the math. Right. So for 5 million revenue per year, how many revenue. So how many per month? I was 5 million divided by 12 which is 416k per month and divided by. Let's say 2000 each. You have to have 200 clients. Yeah. So basically it's like. So the. So the 30% closing rates make sense because people in marketing agency, you know, people turn.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Every three months, you know, they have different perspective. So we have to keep generating leads coming in to build that 400k kind of benchmark. Yeah.

Speaker B: Are you a partner at Sellers Interactive or are you working with them?

Speaker A: I was helping them to build a system. Then we realized it's been really successful and I'm helping like Micro. We started it as a separate company, first of all, helping all our ecosystem company like Stallion Econ off, like all these things to regeneration and grow our own sales system. And also we use it as a separate service to offer to the community.

Speaker B: So even, you know what, I have to think about the numbers a little bit. But here's what I can see. I would love to make it worth your time if it works out. Right. Because. And I'm saying this from a commission's perspective, I'll need to think about the base fee so that it's, you know, you can. It's not zero. Right. Cannot be zero.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: So we'll have to think about that. And then if it works, first of all, I'll be able to compensate with you with your commission with some.

Speaker A: With.

Speaker B: And I'll be generous with the commission. And if it works, then we can also scale from there.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: So yeah.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: This looks good to me even. But give me about a week and I'll reach out to you. Okay. Do I have your email? Oh, I have your LinkedIn.

Speaker A: Yeah, you have my link in. But I sent my email here. Just Evan as sales partner. All right. You have it in the core as well, so.

Speaker B: Awesome. Sounds good to me. Awesome. Okay. And you just do it for LinkedIn, don't do for emails right now.

Speaker A: Email is saturated right now. I can do it for email, but you don't want to waste the money for your domain management, your inbox management, you know, that's extra cost of buying like thousands of domain for like the campaign to make. Because the conversion number on email is much lower than LinkedIn. I think you understand this scale of doing email is much, much bigger and maintaining emails and deliverability, you know, all these things just. And other things is too much. Yeah.

Speaker B: Right. And with these hundred accounts that you have set up for Sellers Interactive, are you sending requests to different people or are you sending it to different or newer leads?

Speaker A: Otherwise you cannot digest like digest 40,000 of people. It's all different people. It's like 30,000 different people.

Speaker B: Yeah, got it, got it. Okay. And you said you also had a power lead model or you. You were like, after I get you 20 or 50 calls a month.

Speaker A: Yeah, 20 per month. We're charging like 3,000 USD for like a flat fee. So we take care of everything. We make sure you reach the goal and then, you know, basically we start from there. Yeah.

Speaker B: For 20 or trading $3,000.

Speaker A: Yeah. No commission is 20 meetings. Yeah. Because normally let. What's your closing rate if I book you 20 meetings?

Speaker B: Oh, that I have never calculated, but usually they close. I mean, when their clients are interested, then they. It's easy to.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I will give you interested clients. Like definitely people are in Amazon, you know, they are, they, they have the space to like, they learn about how to, they want to learn how to grow their revenue. Like you. Right. So normally, I would tell you normally the closing rate should be 20 to 30%. The worst scenario. All right. Yeah. So let's say 20% of scenario. So 20 meeting, 20%. You close four deals. Right. Four dues each deals. A thousand bucks is already 4,000 bucks. So you already have like at least a K of recruiting extra. Then, you know, then I didn't charge you commission. You already covered the first month of the cost of me. And then your revenue is recruiting. I didn't even charge you wherever commission and stuff.

Speaker B: Right. I get that, but don't.

Speaker A: And if you go for like a lower tier, I'm good to take commission for recurring, but it really depends of your business. Right. Because honestly for my system and my platform, not closing the deal, it's not my fault. It's like basically about the product offering and the product feeds. Right.

Speaker B: No, there could be another thing too. The quality of the lead. Right. So that also matters here.

Speaker A: Which is why I have all the data and community here. Right. You know, you can see, you can search it out. So the quality of leads I can, I can guarantee is no problem. Yeah. Because I have the best case study in the E commerce community and have the best ecosystem and network. I have no excuse to show you like, you know, bad leads and stuff. Yeah.

Speaker B: So if you say 20 leads, it's like US$3,000 per per lead. That means it will be charging more than $100 per lead.

Speaker A: I actually, I have a client paying me 250 per booking.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. So that's how, you know, I. That's why I want to propose to you it's like a lower flat fee, but closing with commission. Right. Because Your agency model is not like you know one of my client closing. One deal can be 20k, can be 30k. Right. Like they're different but they only need to one close and then cover a year of my my expenses. Right. But for you I want to make your long term and sustainable way. So I would. That's why I recommended the 1k with commission. You know we tested it out a little bit. I can even charge you lower on 10 commission because I know you are early stage company. I don't want to you know like too much cost on your site. You want to secure the revenue. So when you see this model works out, you can scale with me. You can scale from 10 account to 100 accounts. You know ultimately ideally I want you to be an UNSL interactive as well. So here's what I want to bring to the table is like we have a proven success and proven like case study in the successful e commerce space in Canada as well. So like all these things you can know of all these community, you know you have it. Oh by the way if you want to join like your service provider, right. I can't give you a really, you know Ecom north is hosting an event and September 26th or 7th I can give you a code for that to have a really low access quality so you can go to the event, talk to a lot of brand owner like this. I think there are a thousand of people attending the events. So they're all brand owner, Amazon sellers off of seller like all e commerce owner. I can also grant you access to those event just as.

Speaker B: Okay. All right Evan, so thank you for all this information. Let's. I think I'll be okay to talk to you again in a week. I'll text you on LinkedIn and then book another call.

Speaker A: Yeah, for sure. Just do your math. I mean if you are planning to grow, I think it's better to do the reverse math of base your historical rates, how many people because I know you haven't done any outreach before. Like for these numbers you need sometimes test. But if you really want to grow, I think it's a good opportunity for you to start testing and then you'll make the budget make sense. And so we have a more detailed plan after a month or two of running. So hey, I know these already can generate or close one or two deals. What if I make it 10 times faster, 10 times bigger? Then your cost economic of scale will be lower. You have a really stable system, we manage it for you and then you can focusing on selling and service Providing like providing your service to the people and then we'll grow for you. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, sounds good.

Speaker A: That's good.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker A: I'm looking forward to we connect and let me know price is really reasonable. I think like a thousand USD will be the bench. I would say. Normally I would charge like 3 to 5,000 per client but I know agency is like they, they really need a recurring revenue so you know, I will, I'm okay with like the commission model with lower upfront costs and stuff. Yeah.

Speaker B: You know what, one question that I wanted to ask, just remember is the profiles that you create, how do they look? Do you also. How do you make.

Speaker A: Let me show you, let me show you. Turning my link in right now. I'm searching now one of my clients and we've been doing. All the dummy account. Oh yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. And if you click on them, what does. Do you have some.

Speaker A: I help them. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I help them to customize banner. I help them to customize the headline. I do the experience and sometimes post something related to the community.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: You see the global language, like their language platform.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: And strategic growth like all these things remote and stuff. Another one, if these accounts are not legit, people are not responding. These are all similar posts again.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, this is all account looks like they have 400 connection. You know like it's like good, good connection. Yeah, yeah, it's legit. It's legit. Wow.

Speaker B: Damn. All right. This looks good.

Speaker A: Yeah, looks good, right? I hope you appreciate it by me. But like you know, almost we speak with results. Honestly, normally as like a marketing event, if you don't, like if you don't see without one or two months or in three months. Normally we sign a three month contract. Right. You can easily just ditch up. But normally I, I have, I have, I, I haven't turned any client yet. Just, just so you know like we have like five to six in like from like the four months of P risk. Like they didn't turn. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: Right. Okay, well if it works, why would they turn right? They would want to scale with you. They wouldn't want to chart.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's why. So I mean the system is stable. Have really sustainable supply chain right now. So I'm looking to grow, review, let me know maybe once I will follow up or you let me know when you make your mind. Just one, one thing I want to let you know, just do the math. I will make sure you have a good ROI at least two times to three times. So you know, start from there.

Speaker B: All right. Okay, sounds good.

Speaker A: All right, thank you. Nice chatting with you. All right.

Speaker B: Yeah, nice chatting with you.

Speaker A: Looking forward to follow up. Okay, bye.

Speaker B: Yes. Bye now. Take care.

Speaker A: Bye.

