Transcript for: Recording__804.mp4
Title: Recording #804
============================================================

Like that in Italy and in France. I'm Italian, but I've been living in the last 10 years in France and when I moved from Italy to France I also had an entrepreneurship experience. I had a food concept that I created myself and then sold and I also did some consultancies in always in, in food and beverage, sorry, in Western Africa. Okay then today I work as general manager for Bialetti, which is an Italian coffee maker company like the Moka Pot that maybe you know. And at the same time I advise some startups or even medium sized companies that want to develop sales internationally. So sometimes I do that as a mentor. For example, for a little startup I just help, you know, the, the founders with the pitch, the deck and that's it. Sometimes it's more on a consultancy point of view. So yeah, that's a little bit what, what I'm doing. Yeah, I would like to understand also what, what you do because I saw your LinkedIn page that intrigued me. But sure, yeah, tell me a little bit more. Yeah, definitely. Well, so what we do is, I mean I have been building this agency for about two years, but I am in this industry for almost six years doing the same thing. And right now we are focused on providing marketing and advertising services to CPG companies and help them on e commerce platforms. Primarily Amazon. But we don't want to limit ourselves to just Amazon. It could be Walmart. We have some experience working on Costco. Yeah, Instacart is something that is only available in North America. It's a grocery delivery services service. But we also have experience working with that. So the motto is to support CPG companies with any kind of e commerce marketplace. But right now our primary focus is Amazon. Okay, okay, so you need that a company is already established in the US which means that the products are physically available in the US if I'm not wrong. Well, so for Amazon we have worked with companies who are in England, also in Canada and US so three countries. But for Instacart it's only available in the US and Canada. They don't provide their services in any anywhere else so far. So yeah, yeah, okay, that's clear because the companies that I'm working with might be interested in developing sales in uk, US Also Canada. Why not? If they are European companies, most of them from France or Italy. So this means that their stock, their products are physically in Europe, not yet in the US not yet in uk. Yes, I'm working on that, but not yet. So this is, this is the main point. I don't think that you manage logistics. So. Okay, okay, okay. So we need to find this kind of solution and then we can talk about Amazon, Walmart and D2C in general, I suppose. Well not website management. When you say D2C then people also may think how can you drive traffic to website? We don't manage that part. We focus only on the e commerce platforms. Ecommerce. Okay. Marketplaces basically. Yeah, that's clear. This means that you can help for example a brand in creating his Amazon page. Drive traffic to the page. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay, sounds great. And I will show you a quick presentation of the. The companies that I have in mind. One second. Like we'll share the ah. Enable the share screen. Yes. Yeah, I will share with you my screen. I'm just looking, sorry, I'm just looking for the file share. Sorry. My PC is a little bit slow today. So I will show you a couple of companies and. Okay, Okay, that's it. So. I can see it. Okay, great. So the first one I was thinking about, it's Jane, which is a French company. There are three young guys who created this. It's a functional beverage and in, in Europe I already signed a couple of contracts for them with Facebook. So they are not, not for the sales perspective but Jane will be available on the Facebook campuses in Europe which means that the employees of Facebook will find Jane in their fridge. Oh and at the office. So this is, this is good. The second one is with Selecta which is the European vending machines leader. So we will enter in Italy, in France and then maybe in the other countries and, and also in France in retailers such as Carrefour, leclerc, the biggest one. We are negotiating with them. So from, from a retail perspective I think that things are going pretty well pretty fast. They have a website, Jane's website, they do some sales but site is not good and pricing it. Yeah, there is some work to put in that and of course they are interested in. In Amazon both for sales and visibility. Of course visibility of the brand and they might be open to. To understand how you could help them in shaping the right strategy for, for Amazon. Sure. Because they don't have experience in that so it will be the first time for them. Okay. And this is a startup so it means also that they are not able to invest hundreds of key euros in. In advertising on Facebook. So the point is also this. Are you, are you familiar with startups going on Facebook? So with limited budget and do you think it could be the right strategy? Or maybe we have to wait a little bit more to consolidate sales in retail. What is your, your vision on this kind of startups? Well, so for Facebook ads. We don't do Facebook ads, by the way. It's just the E commerce platforms. And yeah, so I wouldn't be able to comment on whether they should be doing Facebook ads. I don't think I should be doing that. But if you ask me about Amazon or e commerce platforms, one of the most important things to look at would be to analyze the unit economics and understand whether it makes sense for us to advertise these products on Amazon, especially for beverage products because they are very heavy in America or in Canada. It's a. The shipping and handling cost is huge because the country is huge. But maybe in Europe that's not a problem. But still we have to do the calculations, run the numbers, how much our cost of goods are, how much shipping and handling fee will be. And also if you want to take into account other things such as storage fees, if you want to. I mean, that will make things complicated. But the most important numbers will be the cost of goods, shipping and handling and then Amazon's fee if we want to sell there, the referral fee. Now, after deducting all those major expenses, how much are we left with? So depending on that number, we need to come up with a strategy. Can we really afford to advertise to acquire new customers on Amazon or should our objective be to just be present and just whenever people search for this particular brand, for example, we should be visible to them. So it depends on the kind of budget we can afford to spend while it makes sense. I mean, we have to be profitable. Just sales doesn't matter in many cases. Right. So that's also another thing. What is the company's objective? Do they mind breaking even for six months or one year? Or do they want to be cost conscious right from the beginning? So we'll have to have a discussion about this first and then we can talk about the strategy. Okay. Okay. So you would like to, maybe to speak with the guys to understand a little bit better what, what they have in mind in terms of. Yeah. Cost of goods, strategy, where they want to go. Yeah. Before making a proposition. Because of course we also have to, to understand what, what the fees that you ask if, if it's affordable for them and if not, you don't want to lose your time. So how do you usually work? Do you have like retainers, fees or depending on the project, you, you adapt, what do you, how do you work? Definitely depending on the project, we need to adapt because I See, the, the companies, I mean there are companies operating at different scales, right. So this company for example, looks like they're, I mean, not just getting started, but they're still new. On the other hand, the other company that you sent me, they're very established and they are operating at a different scale. So we need to be flexible to add up to the company's need. Usually for advertisement there's a retainer and let's say for product detail page. That's also something that we need to take care of and to ensure whenever we are on Amazon, we're selling on Amazon or any e commerce platform. In fact, the offer and the way we are presenting the offer, positioning the offer on the marketplace, that's very important. Along with of course, search engine optimization for visibility. So that's also something that you need to take care of and I help with that too. That one is not on retainer usually and that's mostly one time. Okay, okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, you're right. Concerning Jane is a company with who is really starting now, let's say Promo Pharma, which is probably the other companies that I shared with you. The farm company. Yeah, they are established. It's an Italian company. They are of course bigger. They do some sales a little bit everywhere in the world. Of course, Italy and Europe is the main focus. But I'm negotiating with them a big deal in China and they asked me help to go to the U.S. so us, it means two things. The first one is a retail. I, I must, I, I might have found the right partner for them. But for the online in the US for example, Amazon us, it's, it's, it's huge. So also the investments are important. Yeah. And it could be a nice project to work together. But the, the only, the problem I see at first is that they have 500 ranges of products, which is. You can't advertise everything on Amazon, of course. No. So we should choose among all this huge portfolio the right products that they want to sell in the U.S. maybe, I don't know. Based on your experience, what do you suggest? But I don't know, maybe less than 10 SKUs. I don't know at first what would be the right range. Well, so if we, for example, they're already present in the EU and the. I, if you, if you ask me, I would say the first thing we could do if they really want to be on Amazon is probably they should focus on Europe. All right. And if we do that, it will be a bit easier for us because we already Know which products are best performers in the market because they have been doing business there for a very long time. So probably I am a big fan of the 8020 rule. So out of 500 products, if we go for the top 20%, probably we should get started there. Even that will take a lot of time. 20% of 500. Right. So we should probably get started there. And it's a lot of work. We need to work on the product listing in different marketplaces and then advertising. I would say once we are, I mean that presence in the Europe probably we can probably prioritize that. And then once you start working in the US you said that you were also trying to get retail distribution in the house. Right? Probably once that gets started, maybe we can start thinking about how else. I mean how we can get started on Amazon as well. Because without figuring out the logistics and everything, we. There is no point on getting started on Amazon either. Right. So once you get started the retail you will have all those things figured out by then. Logistics and everything, you'll have inventory in the U.S. probably. Then we can start working in the U.S. okay. Okay. So first, first we close some deals in the US which means that for retail it's almost the same rule. We can of course bring a 500 products to retail. So we are, we are negotiating, we are trying to to find the, the product that might be a fit for the US Market. And once we have this retail basis we can develop Amazon with the either with the same products, either with some slight changes. But at least we will have a starting point which would be the retail assortment. And I also think that in the US this any of the. Are any of the products of promo pharma in the U.S. right now? Yes. Yeah, there are some products but they, they are selling through a broker to a distributor. They are not really satisfied. Okay, but I don't know yet who who this is. I wasn't able to find promo pharma products on on the US online market. So I will have a meeting with them in October. So I will probably have more information because I think that they want to cut off this distributor. They are not happy with and finder height 1 with my help and then online also be a part of the strategy. Right. The reason I was asking this is because I mean I was trying to understand if the any of the brands of remove from are well known in the U.S. no. Honestly, no. Right. So that will also mean if you want to really gain that traction in the US it will need bigger investment placement whether it's on Amazon or any kind of online channel. Yeah, so that is the reason I was suggesting that because this brand is well known in the Europe maybe you can get started there to be much more cost effective and you will also see results quicker. Yeah yeah. Okay. So for, for Promo Pharma we what we can do is that I I will meet with them in October and I will keep you updated on what we are going to do with the US and their capacity of investment because with China for example we are talking about 2 to 300k euros investment from the first year and then growing depending on sales, you know, to reinvest a percentage of of sales on on advertising marketing. And so it could be something similar for, for the US and for Jane. Yeah, I don't really know because you're right that beverage is might be problematic because of the of the weight of the can. So we are basically moving water with flavors. So yeah, it may not be as bad as the US or Canada because the countries in Europe are you know, compact. It's less distance to to be traveled so probably to better hopefully. Yeah yeah yeah. So you think that maybe with Jane we should start with Europe first and then think about the U.S. u.S. Is going to be very difficult for beverages generally. That's the opinion at least. Yeah. And if you want to focus on just e commerce platforms, acquiring new customers is going to be challenging. It. It will probably take a lot more than just Amazon to make this brand well known in in a new marketplace like ebis. Yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, sure sure. So okay, let me. That's clear. Let me check with them because it would. I think it would be interesting to to make a call with you so that you can understand better what they where they're at with their European online strategy. I think that there is still a lot of work to do and, and then they. They would like I think under talk with you to understand what you can offer. Yeah yeah. I think I can come get back to you within a couple of weeks. For Jane Romo Pharma it will be after the 15th of October once they I met with them. Yeah, but Jenny could be faster so that we can quickly understand if it's worth spend some time on it or maybe not. Sure. Yeah, sounds good. And do you also have. Do you have a presentation of your services, a PDF, a PowerPoint that I can share with both Jane and Promo Pharma just to start introducing you and your services? Yes, sure. I will send it to you on LinkedIn or email it to you. I should prefer LinkedIn or email? Both are okay for me. Yeah. Okay. Sounds good. Okay. Okay, great. Great. And yeah, let's do this. Sounds good to me. All right. Is there something else that we should talk about? I think that there will be in the near future because what, what I'm showing you here is just the first step because I'm. I've started this, let's say, consultancy activity in the last six months. Okay. So I have a lot of demands that I'm trying to. To figure out what, what is worth spending some time and what's not. And very often people reach out to me for two things. Either consolidate their presence in Europe, either us, but I'm strong on retail. But online, it could be Amazon, Walmart, online sales in general, it's really not my area of expertise. So what I would like to offer to customers, reaching out to me, you know, it's a full solution. Like, okay, I can help you on retail, but for online, I have a partner, so it couldn't be you so that we can work together on. On some project. I think it would be good. So. Got it. Okay. If you agree. Of course. Yes, of course. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Do you mostly work with CPG companies? Cpg? Bms like Bromo Pharma or it could be. I have a friend who is also a partner on some projects. He's into a fashion and luxury. He's. He's Italian, He's a trader. He works with all the brands like Gucci, Balenciaga and so on. So he has access to offers from these brands. It's a little bit more tricky because, you know, huge brands like that, they. They want to manage sometimes their own sales. But there might be, there might be opportunities. I think so. Yeah. I'm. I'm still exploring a little bit, but my goal is in 2025 to. To go, you know, full on this project 100% of my time. So Jane and Bromo Pharma, just. It's just the start. Got it. Got it. Okay, sounds good. Awesome. Okay, listen, so thank you so much for this quick call who gave us the opportunity to know each other. Yeah. Let me come back to you in a couple of weeks for Jane and in October for promo Farmer, so that we can start to understand what we can do together. And I will share your presentation with them. Yes, I will do that. I'll get back to you with it. Okay. Okay. Thank you so much. Alessio, Nice meeting you. Thank you. Soham. Yes. Have a nice day. Bye now. Chah.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Like that in Italy and in France. I'm Italian, but I've been living in the last 10 years in France and when I moved from Italy to France I also had an entrepreneurship experience. I had a food concept that I created myself and then sold and I also did some consultancies in always in, in food and beverage, sorry, in Western Africa. Okay then today I work as general manager for Bialetti, which is an Italian coffee maker company like the Moka Pot that maybe you know. And at the same time I advise some startups or even medium sized companies that want to develop sales internationally. So sometimes I do that as a mentor. For example, for a little startup I just help, you know, the, the founders with the pitch, the deck and that's it. Sometimes it's more on a consultancy point of view. So yeah, that's a little bit what, what I'm doing. Yeah, I would like to understand also what, what you do because I saw your LinkedIn page that intrigued me. But sure, yeah, tell me a little bit more.

Speaker B: Yeah, definitely. Well, so what we do is, I mean I have been building this agency for about two years, but I am in this industry for almost six years doing the same thing. And right now we are focused on providing marketing and advertising services to CPG companies and help them on e commerce platforms. Primarily Amazon. But we don't want to limit ourselves to just Amazon. It could be Walmart. We have some experience working on Costco. Yeah, Instacart is something that is only available in North America. It's a grocery delivery services service. But we also have experience working with that. So the motto is to support CPG companies with any kind of e commerce marketplace. But right now our primary focus is Amazon.

Speaker A: Okay, okay, so you need that a company is already established in the US which means that the products are physically available in the US if I'm not wrong.

Speaker B: Well, so for Amazon we have worked with companies who are in England, also in Canada and US so three countries. But for Instacart it's only available in the US and Canada. They don't provide their services in any anywhere else so far.

Speaker A: So yeah, yeah, okay, that's clear because the companies that I'm working with might be interested in developing sales in uk, US Also Canada. Why not? If they are European companies, most of them from France or Italy. So this means that their stock, their products are physically in Europe, not yet in the US not yet in uk. Yes, I'm working on that, but not yet. So this is, this is the main point. I don't think that you manage logistics. So. Okay, okay, okay. So we need to find this kind of solution and then we can talk about Amazon, Walmart and D2C in general, I suppose.

Speaker B: Well not website management. When you say D2C then people also may think how can you drive traffic to website? We don't manage that part. We focus only on the e commerce platforms. Ecommerce.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Marketplaces basically.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's clear. This means that you can help for example a brand in creating his Amazon page. Drive traffic to the page. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay, sounds great. And I will show you a quick presentation of the. The companies that I have in mind.

Speaker B: One second. Like we'll share the ah. Enable the share screen.

Speaker A: Yes. Yeah, I will share with you my screen. I'm just looking, sorry, I'm just looking for the file share. Sorry. My PC is a little bit slow today. So I will show you a couple of companies and. Okay, Okay, that's it. So.

Speaker B: I can see it.

Speaker A: Okay, great. So the first one I was thinking about, it's Jane, which is a French company. There are three young guys who created this. It's a functional beverage and in, in Europe I already signed a couple of contracts for them with Facebook. So they are not, not for the sales perspective but Jane will be available on the Facebook campuses in Europe which means that the employees of Facebook will find Jane in their fridge. Oh and at the office. So this is, this is good. The second one is with Selecta which is the European vending machines leader. So we will enter in Italy, in France and then maybe in the other countries and, and also in France in retailers such as Carrefour, leclerc, the biggest one. We are negotiating with them. So from, from a retail perspective I think that things are going pretty well pretty fast. They have a website, Jane's website, they do some sales but site is not good and pricing it. Yeah, there is some work to put in that and of course they are interested in. In Amazon both for sales and visibility. Of course visibility of the brand and they might be open to. To understand how you could help them in shaping the right strategy for, for Amazon.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Because they don't have experience in that so it will be the first time for them. Okay. And this is a startup so it means also that they are not able to invest hundreds of key euros in. In advertising on Facebook. So the point is also this. Are you, are you familiar with startups going on Facebook? So with limited budget and do you think it could be the right strategy? Or maybe we have to wait a little bit more to consolidate sales in retail. What is your, your vision on this kind of startups?

Speaker B: Well, so for Facebook ads. We don't do Facebook ads, by the way. It's just the E commerce platforms. And yeah, so I wouldn't be able to comment on whether they should be doing Facebook ads. I don't think I should be doing that. But if you ask me about Amazon or e commerce platforms, one of the most important things to look at would be to analyze the unit economics and understand whether it makes sense for us to advertise these products on Amazon, especially for beverage products because they are very heavy in America or in Canada. It's a. The shipping and handling cost is huge because the country is huge. But maybe in Europe that's not a problem. But still we have to do the calculations, run the numbers, how much our cost of goods are, how much shipping and handling fee will be. And also if you want to take into account other things such as storage fees, if you want to. I mean, that will make things complicated. But the most important numbers will be the cost of goods, shipping and handling and then Amazon's fee if we want to sell there, the referral fee. Now, after deducting all those major expenses, how much are we left with? So depending on that number, we need to come up with a strategy. Can we really afford to advertise to acquire new customers on Amazon or should our objective be to just be present and just whenever people search for this particular brand, for example, we should be visible to them. So it depends on the kind of budget we can afford to spend while it makes sense. I mean, we have to be profitable. Just sales doesn't matter in many cases. Right. So that's also another thing. What is the company's objective? Do they mind breaking even for six months or one year? Or do they want to be cost conscious right from the beginning? So we'll have to have a discussion about this first and then we can talk about the strategy.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So you would like to, maybe to speak with the guys to understand a little bit better what, what they have in mind in terms of. Yeah. Cost of goods, strategy, where they want to go. Yeah. Before making a proposition. Because of course we also have to, to understand what, what the fees that you ask if, if it's affordable for them and if not, you don't want to lose your time. So how do you usually work? Do you have like retainers, fees or depending on the project, you, you adapt, what do you, how do you work?

Speaker B: Definitely depending on the project, we need to adapt because I See, the, the companies, I mean there are companies operating at different scales, right. So this company for example, looks like they're, I mean, not just getting started, but they're still new. On the other hand, the other company that you sent me, they're very established and they are operating at a different scale. So we need to be flexible to add up to the company's need. Usually for advertisement there's a retainer and let's say for product detail page. That's also something that we need to take care of and to ensure whenever we are on Amazon, we're selling on Amazon or any e commerce platform. In fact, the offer and the way we are presenting the offer, positioning the offer on the marketplace, that's very important. Along with of course, search engine optimization for visibility. So that's also something that you need to take care of and I help with that too. That one is not on retainer usually and that's mostly one time.

Speaker A: Okay, okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, you're right. Concerning Jane is a company with who is really starting now, let's say Promo Pharma, which is probably the other companies that I shared with you. The farm company. Yeah, they are established. It's an Italian company. They are of course bigger. They do some sales a little bit everywhere in the world. Of course, Italy and Europe is the main focus. But I'm negotiating with them a big deal in China and they asked me help to go to the U.S. so us, it means two things. The first one is a retail. I, I must, I, I might have found the right partner for them. But for the online in the US for example, Amazon us, it's, it's, it's huge. So also the investments are important.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And it could be a nice project to work together. But the, the only, the problem I see at first is that they have 500 ranges of products, which is. You can't advertise everything on Amazon, of course. No. So we should choose among all this huge portfolio the right products that they want to sell in the U.S. maybe, I don't know. Based on your experience, what do you suggest? But I don't know, maybe less than 10 SKUs. I don't know at first what would be the right range. Well,

Speaker B: so if we, for example, they're already present in the EU and the. I, if you, if you ask me, I would say the first thing we could do if they really want to be on Amazon is probably they should focus on Europe. All right. And if we do that, it will be a bit easier for us because we already Know which products are best performers in the market because they have been doing business there for a very long time. So probably I am a big fan of the 8020 rule. So out of 500 products, if we go for the top 20%, probably we should get started there. Even that will take a lot of time. 20% of 500. Right. So we should probably get started there. And it's a lot of work. We need to work on the product listing in different marketplaces and then advertising. I would say once we are, I mean that presence in the Europe probably we can probably prioritize that. And then once you start working in the US you said that you were also trying to get retail distribution in the house.

Speaker A: Right?

Speaker B: Probably once that gets started, maybe we can start thinking about how else. I mean how we can get started on Amazon as well. Because without figuring out the logistics and everything, we. There is no point on getting started on Amazon either.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: So once you get started the retail you will have all those things figured out by then. Logistics and everything, you'll have inventory in the U.S. probably. Then we can start working in the U.S. okay.

Speaker A: Okay. So first, first we close some deals in the US which means that for retail it's almost the same rule. We can of course bring a 500 products to retail. So we are, we are negotiating, we are trying to to find the, the product that might be a fit for the US Market. And once we have this retail basis we can develop Amazon with the either with the same products, either with some slight changes. But at least we will have a starting point which would be the retail assortment.

Speaker B: And I also think that in the US this any of the. Are any of the products of promo pharma in the U.S. right now?

Speaker A: Yes. Yeah, there are some products but they, they are selling through a broker to a distributor. They are not really satisfied. Okay, but I don't know yet who who this is. I wasn't able to find promo pharma products on on the US online market. So I will have a meeting with them in October. So I will probably have more information because I think that they want to cut off this distributor. They are not happy with and finder height 1 with my help and then online also be a part of the strategy. Right.

Speaker B: The reason I was asking this is because I mean I was trying to understand if the any of the brands of remove from are well known in the U.S. no.

Speaker A: Honestly, no.

Speaker B: Right. So that will also mean if you want to really gain that traction in the US it will need bigger investment placement whether it's on Amazon or any kind of online channel. Yeah, so that is the reason I was suggesting that because this brand is well known in the Europe maybe you can get started there to be much more cost effective and you will also see results quicker.

Speaker A: Yeah yeah. Okay. So for, for Promo Pharma we what we can do is that I I will meet with them in October and I will keep you updated on what we are going to do with the US and their capacity of investment because with China for example we are talking about 2 to 300k euros investment from the first year and then growing depending on sales, you know, to reinvest a percentage of of sales on on advertising marketing. And so it could be something similar for, for the US and for Jane. Yeah, I don't really know because you're right that beverage is might be problematic because of the of the weight of the can. So we are basically moving water with flavors.

Speaker B: So yeah, it may not be as bad as the US or Canada because the countries in Europe are you know, compact. It's less distance to to be traveled so probably to better hopefully.

Speaker A: Yeah yeah yeah. So you think that maybe with Jane we should start with Europe first and then think about the U.S. u.S. Is

Speaker B: going to be very difficult for beverages generally. That's the opinion at least.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And if you want to focus on just e commerce platforms, acquiring new customers is going to be challenging. It. It will probably take a lot more than just Amazon to make this brand well known in in a new marketplace like ebis.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, sure sure. So okay, let me. That's clear. Let me check with them because it would. I think it would be interesting to to make a call with you so that you can understand better what they where they're at with their European online strategy. I think that there is still a lot of work to do and, and then they. They would like I think under talk with you to understand what you can offer.

Speaker B: Yeah yeah.

Speaker A: I think I can come get back to you within a couple of weeks. For Jane Romo Pharma it will be after the 15th of October once they I met with them. Yeah, but Jenny could be faster so that we can quickly understand if it's worth spend some time on it or maybe not.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah, sounds good.

Speaker A: And do you also have. Do you have a presentation of your services, a PDF, a PowerPoint that I can share with both Jane and Promo Pharma just to start introducing you and your services?

Speaker B: Yes, sure. I will send it to you on LinkedIn or email it to you.

Speaker A: I should prefer LinkedIn or email? Both are okay for me.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. Sounds good.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay, great. Great. And yeah, let's do this. Sounds good to me.

Speaker B: All right. Is there something else that we should talk about?

Speaker A: I think that there will be in the near future because what, what I'm showing you here is just the first step because I'm. I've started this, let's say, consultancy activity in the last six months. Okay. So I have a lot of demands that I'm trying to. To figure out what, what is worth spending some time and what's not. And very often people reach out to me for two things. Either consolidate their presence in Europe, either us, but I'm strong on retail. But online, it could be Amazon, Walmart, online sales in general, it's really not my area of expertise. So what I would like to offer to customers, reaching out to me, you know, it's a full solution. Like, okay, I can help you on retail, but for online, I have a partner, so it couldn't be you so that we can work together on. On some project. I think it would be good. So.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: Okay. If you agree. Of course.

Speaker B: Yes, of course.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Do you mostly work with CPG companies?

Speaker A: Cpg? Bms like Bromo Pharma or it could be. I have a friend who is also a partner on some projects. He's into a fashion and luxury. He's. He's Italian, He's a trader. He works with all the brands like Gucci, Balenciaga and so on. So he has access to offers from these brands. It's a little bit more tricky because, you know, huge brands like that, they. They want to manage sometimes their own sales. But there might be, there might be opportunities. I think so. Yeah. I'm. I'm still exploring a little bit, but my goal is in 2025 to. To go, you know, full on this project 100% of my time. So Jane and Bromo Pharma, just. It's just the start.

Speaker B: Got it. Got it. Okay, sounds good. Awesome.

Speaker A: Okay, listen, so thank you so much for this quick call who gave us the opportunity to know each other.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Let me come back to you in a couple of weeks for Jane and in October for promo Farmer, so that we can start to understand what we can do together. And I will share your presentation with them.

Speaker B: Yes, I will do that. I'll get back to you with it. Okay. Okay. Thank you so much. Alessio, Nice meeting you.

Speaker A: Thank you. Soham.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Have a nice day.

Speaker B: Bye now.

Speaker A: Chah.

