Transcript for: Recording__1208.mp4
Title: Recording #1208
============================================================

Item. So the question I had for you on that as we plan and price is there's three flavors of the protein snack mix and where we're kind of strategizing right now. So these are the three. There's a dill pickle, there's a cheddar, and there's a ranch and they're literally actually called protein snack mix. So just that in itself should help a lot. I think this item will sell really, really well. E Commerce will be the first place that actually has this item. And so my question is, do we make it a three pack variety pack like we've been doing? It's a bit of a bigger bag, so it'll be a little more expensive. I have a pricing exercise coming up in the next few weeks on this item. But do we do it in a three pack or should we make it bigger, higher revenue item and make it a six pack? Could we do that where it would be? I think what we should be doing right, right now is we should consider two factors. One is we need to do a competitive review of the products that are available on Amazon and see at what price point they sell. That's one second is we need to also do a profitability, you know, skew economics. We need to calculate that and see at what pack size it makes more sense in terms of profit and also, I mean after ad spend. So these are the two things we need to consider and then make a decision. Yeah. As a three pack or a 12 pack. And so, and that's part of the pricing exercise. Like they kind of look at all of our Amazon fees and stuff and then they say a three pack. You know, I cannot, I can guarantee you they're going to come back to me and say a six pack looks better. Right. So I, I guess my question more is do we have issues with a six pack? Do we feel that is too big. Yeah. For the Amazon consumer or that it may be priced too high? So yes, more from a consumer shop. The bigger pack will definitely look better. I can achieve that too. But that's the second thing that you mentioned. That is where my concerns are. So what do you think the pricing would be if we were to do a six pack? Around what price point? Well, I'm just, again, I don't have that. I haven't done the work yet and I don't feel comfortable just throwing out prices, so. But it'll be double. It will almost be double, right? Yeah, something in there. So it won't quite be double, but at least like almost. Right. So yeah. Because again, we always have to look at what our retail price is and our Amazon price is. We can't just like give a big value saving that study where we look at the available, I mean the computers on Amazon and see at what price point they sell versus us. So we really need to set a benchmark in that way. Yes. Okay. And so to kick that off. So is this part of what are your fees? How does that work when we have a new item listing? Is that that fee that we pay for them to do the complete process of this audit, the review and the keywords and the setup. We'll be looking at the computers anyway in the process, so we know. Yeah. Okay. Would you compare it to something like a trail mix or what, what, what would you say is a like for like that's gonna be part of that exercise and I guarantee you're not going to find a lot of things like it. You're going to find beans and you're going to find quest protein chips. It's going to be the exact items that are already in our. It's going to be the exact items that are already in ours. But like that Beam me up. That's the only really one that comes to mind. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's going to be Catalina Crunch, which is crazy. You want to see an expensive, you want to see an expensive product? Catalina Crunch is the only protein snack mix that literally is actually labeled a protein snack mix for 11.79 for one bag. 12 bucks a bag. Look at how well our ranking did take the win. Oh yeah. There you go. Good job. Show home. Probably being biased to me, but, but yeah, I have it. When we do that for sure what's going to come up is a lot of the similar competitors and what we're doing right. Like right now. Right. So, so it might just kind of be like how do these. I, I, I just believe that with our yeah. Snack mitts it's probably going to fall into the same halo with some additional key wins on protein fiber. Like those. It'll win better because it actually is titled protein snack mix because we can make a rich in protein claim. So it will win which might create some cannibalization against our chickpeas and our favas. Not likely our variety packs. But can you scroll down? It'll just compete better with these other things. But where you're looking at is price points. Like these people, are they just doing one bag? That's crazy that they just ship one bag. That must be so they'll win their relationship With Amazon. So they have a first party relationship. So they just sell it to Amazon and Amazon sells it to the customers. They still have to advertise and everything. What do they do they. So in that case, lower priced items may make more sense. Oh, okay. What does that mean? But of course there are so many challenges too. So. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so let's talk next time we talk. I'll. I'll have more potentially on what that is going to look like because I know for us operationally, I know it's going to be like, I'm going to say if I'm going to have to fight for something smaller than a six pack, I'm going to have to know it's because the consumer like volume wise consumer driving trial, it's more accessible to drive trial is what is the story I'm gonna have to sell. And then. So if I do have a bit of competitive. Yeah, no price points, that will help me too because yeah, I'm going. You know what? I am going. Do I have the present so I can look at. Yeah, yeah. The different flavors. And I have no problem making things hard. That's what we do. We do hard things around here. But it has to make sense. Yeah, We do have one. So if. Okay, no, well, this was just from a meeting I did. But I can snap this over so that you have it. Because the other thing in terms of just product assortment strategy into 2026 is we're gonna have to fix our lentils because do we sell a lentil variety pack right now? I think that we do because two things. This item is not going on E Commerce. This item is not going on E Commerce. We decided it's literally this will be for retail, for back to school, for seasonality. It literally if we put these multi packs on E Commerce, I think it's just going to compete with our variety pack. It's the same flavors, it's more expensive. Why not push everyone to this instead of breaking it down and diluting it? So. So these items are not coming to Amazon. Right. These items are coming to Amazon. The new brand is coming to Amazon. And then we're gonna have to. Because our lentils are being discontinued, we're gonna have to reconfigure and potentially it's just a three pack of barbecue lentils instead of one of each flavor because we've discontinued the other two flavors. Basically. These two. Okay. Yeah, yeah. And it's. So these are 140. These are 140 gram bag sizes show. I don't Even have a sticker one in front of me. Oh, that gives me an idea. I don't even have a snack. Next. I should get your address and just ship you some stuff. But it's a bit of a bigger bag. It's 150 gram and it's physically bigger. So it's more expensive. Yes. Yeah. Retail. This retails for like 3.99 to 4.99. The snack mix is 7.99. Yeah. So you're looking at a $16 three pack. These ones also make the flag for buyers can handle a $32. Compare with other retail prices, other retailer prices. And if the unit price is, you know, it doesn't make sense. It is lower. Really? Okay, so you think 32 over. Over 16 or like basically 18. Yeah. Okay. Right. So since we're. Yes. And that was the other question I had. How about, you know, how. Right. If we put all the reason. They're able to search and identify that because the UPC is the same, how do we make the product different enough that they struggle to do that? So you're saying you're. So what you are saying is, you're saying it's because the UPCs are the same, that that's how they're able to draw this. So, yeah. So how can we strategically change the UPC and how it's. I see. So you're saying create a finished good. Create a saleable UPC around the six items bundled together, which is a simple package. So, yeah, let me take this away, like just in terms of. Yeah, I see what you're saying. And, and, but do you have guarantees that that's the issue. And if we do all that, then. Because that's extra. I was like, whoa, I'm so surprised you were offering that. Yeah, Yeah. But that's. I, I feel that is the strongest. That's the easiest way that they're able to audit the market. They scan the UPC and they look in data for price points. Like they're not hu stores. And looking at the shelves, I can guarantee you that. So it's all, all rings into the upc. Okay, so let me have some discussions about that. Okay. But yes. So strategically moving forward. The second thing is we're like, we are rolling up some budget assumptions. So I might come at you with some questions there once I just learn more about what needs to happen with marketing dollars and done my work and decided if there's more available anyway, some of the stuff for the US listings right now, I'm just. Okay, sorry. And so what were the items that you wanted to. I do have a hard stop at 11. So after doing the. I mean doing a new set of keywords. Oh, sorry, that's one new. Yeah, sorry, let me share my screen. That will be beneficial. I have come with a lot of different keywords that are either ingredient related, healthy related and protein related that I have used to come up with a new title and also the backend keywords. On top of that we are also going to advertise with the new set of keywords that you have discovered. And it's exactly the same thing that I same concept that I discussed with you before where I was going to try to find different keywords related to the ingredients. That's one. So three different ingredients, three different set of keyword research for that. And then I was going to find long tail keywords for in the healthy and protein category that makes the keyword more relevant and also not that competitive. That's exactly what I have done. So let me just show you what I mean by that. So these, I mean the ingredient related keyword is. Nothing much, nothing much to see there really. But I will just show you very quickly. One second. So I have. These are the keywords, for example fava related. So I've done the same thing for chickpeas and lentils. Now let me show you the keywords that are. That are healthy related. And this is where it gets interesting because we found so many different keywords and by that I mean if I filter. Oh, sorry, I just disabled the filter. So there are about 430 nothing keywords like these that can be relevant. Doesn't matter what the search volumes are, they are very low. You will get to see the search volumes here. But I have considered all of them and that makes it more relevant for our less competitive and also more relevant because these are descriptive. So you will also see the descriptors. I have separated the descriptors for each keyword here and I process them with chatgpt to categorize them. But they are mostly related to. Let's see if I can really find something on my chatgpt right now. Where it was. It was a very interesting way of organizing those descriptors. Yeah. Okay. I have found this. So if you see health and nutrition related. These are the. These are all the different kinds of descriptors that they're using with healthy usage or occasion grab and go, road trip, office, school, dorm, even pregnancy, men, women, all different audiences for pick eaters even. And then according to the format, so salty, crunchy, saturated, Protein bites, mini snacks, all sorts of things. This is as bad as. And then again occasional and function or functional positioning. So weight loss, feeling snacks, fun snacks, all of these different kinds of descriptors. So what I'm thinking of doing is I have also done the same thing for quoting keywords. Now what I'm thinking of doing is after changing these in the back end there is new content. We also need to work on the advertising with these keywords. I'm going to stop sharing my screen now. So that is what I'm. I have come to. But then we also need to discuss about the budget. So in a previous meeting we discussed the U S strategy, we reviewed our current situation and I had some recommendations. I'll share my screen to show you those recommendations again. So these are my recommendations. We were considering doing SEO. So these are the two that were SEO related. And then we are talking about pricing review and also budget allocation. So these two are the major ones that we need to discuss and decide what do we want to. We want to do about these. That's right, Yes. Hopefully we'll not need to go that high, but I'm getting an approval and see how much we can push. And because right now you're 20% of the monthly revenue on U.S. and 15 on Canada. Right. And this is specifically asking to increase that 20% to 60% for three to six months. Yeah. And again I this, I don't have it show home. We don't have the like especially like we're coming up to year end right now to actually like increase at this time of year. Yes, it's not a good time. So this is the conversation in our budgeting for 20, 26,000 and then when they roll up the full budget for 2026 alongside our capacity expansion because we're already running 247 then we start deciding what levers are and also what levers will we unlock and when will we unlock the Costco Right after. Let's say this is not a now thing but this is exactly what I need planning. Because my ask is saying let's say start capacity then maybe increases and I want to pull my E Commerce on a little bit. I need 60% of my US revenues for a minimum of and then I can move back down to 20 and that's what that cost will look like. But hopefully I'm gonna have to make an assumption on what our sales will look like too. Yeah. Okay. Okay. All right. So for now we'll still make use of the keywords that we found and see what we can do, how we can best utilize the budget and if we can support our growth. And in fact, if we do that right now, we'll have some evidence. Yes. Yes. Okay. Yeah. And the thing about this, too, is I wouldn't necessarily want to start spending more of these dollars until we have the snack mix on, because I do strongly believe that that protein snack mix coupled with this new variety pack that we just launched three months ago, I think those are going to be your revenue drivers, like so. Yes. So I have this recommendation for our planning and all the scenarios, but just.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Item. So the question I had for you on that as we plan and price is there's three flavors of the protein snack mix and where we're kind of strategizing right now. So these are the three. There's a dill pickle, there's a cheddar, and there's a ranch and they're literally actually called protein snack mix. So just that in itself should help a lot. I think this item will sell really, really well. E Commerce will be the first place that actually has this item. And so my question is, do we make it a three pack variety pack like we've been doing? It's a bit of a bigger bag, so it'll be a little more expensive. I have a pricing exercise coming up in the next few weeks on this item. But do we do it in a three pack or should we make it bigger, higher revenue item and make it a six pack? Could we do that where it would be?

Speaker B: I think what we should be doing right, right now is we should consider two factors. One is we need to do a competitive review of the products that are available on Amazon and see at what price point they sell. That's one second is we need to also do a profitability, you know, skew economics. We need to calculate that and see at what pack size it makes more sense in terms of profit and also, I mean after ad spend. So these are the two things we need to consider and then make a decision.

Speaker A: Yeah. As a three pack or a 12 pack. And so, and that's part of the pricing exercise. Like they kind of look at all of our Amazon fees and stuff and then they say a three pack. You know, I cannot, I can guarantee you they're going to come back to me and say a six pack looks better. Right. So I, I guess my question more is do we have issues with a six pack? Do we feel that is too big.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: For the Amazon consumer or that it may be priced too high? So yes, more from a consumer shop.

Speaker B: The bigger pack will definitely look better. I can achieve that too. But that's the second thing that you mentioned. That is where my concerns are. So what do you think the pricing would be if we were to do a six pack? Around what price point?

Speaker A: Well, I'm just, again, I don't have that. I haven't done the work yet and I don't feel comfortable just throwing out prices, so. But it'll be double. It will almost be double, right?

Speaker B: Yeah, something in there.

Speaker A: So it won't quite be double, but at least like almost. Right. So yeah. Because again, we always have to look at what our retail price is and our Amazon price is. We can't just like give a big value saving

Speaker B: that study where we look at the available, I mean the computers on Amazon and see at what price point they sell versus us. So we really need to set a benchmark in that way.

Speaker A: Yes. Okay. And so to kick that off. So is this part of what are your fees? How does that work when we have a new item listing? Is that that fee that we pay for them to do the complete process of this audit, the review and the keywords and the setup.

Speaker B: We'll be looking at the computers anyway in the process, so we know.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Would you compare it to something like a trail mix or what, what, what would you say is a like for like that's gonna be part of that exercise and I guarantee you're not going to find a lot of things like it. You're going to find beans and you're going to find quest protein chips. It's going to be the exact items that are already in our. It's going to be the exact items that are already in ours. But like that Beam me up. That's the only really one that comes to mind. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's going to be Catalina Crunch, which is crazy. You want to see an expensive, you want to see an expensive product? Catalina Crunch is the only protein snack mix that literally is actually labeled a protein snack mix for 11.79 for one bag. 12 bucks a bag. Look at how well our ranking did take the win. Oh yeah. There you go. Good job. Show home. Probably being biased to me, but, but yeah, I have it. When we do that for sure what's going to come up is a lot of the similar competitors and what we're doing right. Like right now. Right. So, so it might just kind of be like how do these. I, I, I just believe that with our yeah. Snack mitts it's probably going to fall into the same halo with some additional key wins on protein fiber. Like those. It'll win better because it actually is titled protein snack mix because we can make a rich in protein claim. So it will win which might create some cannibalization against our chickpeas and our favas. Not likely our variety packs.

Speaker B: But can you scroll down?

Speaker A: It'll just compete better with these other things. But where you're looking at is price points. Like these people, are they just doing one bag? That's crazy that they just ship one bag.

Speaker B: That must be so they'll win their relationship With Amazon. So they have a first party relationship. So they just sell it to Amazon and Amazon sells it to the customers. They still have to advertise and everything.

Speaker A: What do they do they.

Speaker B: So in that case, lower priced items may make more sense.

Speaker A: Oh, okay. What does that mean?

Speaker B: But of course there are so many challenges too. So. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, so let's talk next time we talk. I'll. I'll have more potentially on what that is going to look like because I know for us operationally, I know it's going to be like, I'm going to say if I'm going to have to fight for something smaller than a six pack, I'm going to have to know it's because the consumer like volume wise consumer driving trial, it's more accessible to drive trial is what is the story I'm gonna have to sell. And then. So if I do have a bit of competitive. Yeah, no price points, that will help me too because yeah, I'm going.

Speaker B: You know what?

Speaker A: I am going.

Speaker B: Do I have the present so I can look at.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: The different flavors.

Speaker A: And I have no problem making things hard. That's what we do. We do hard things around here. But it has to make sense. Yeah,

Speaker B: We do have one. So if.

Speaker A: Okay, no, well, this was just from a meeting I did. But I can snap this over so that you have it. Because the other thing in terms of just product assortment strategy into 2026 is we're gonna have to fix our lentils because do we sell a lentil variety pack right now? I think that we do because two things. This item is not going on E Commerce. This item is not going on E Commerce. We decided it's literally this will be for retail, for back to school, for seasonality. It literally if we put these multi packs on E Commerce, I think it's just going to compete with our variety pack. It's the same flavors, it's more expensive. Why not push everyone to this instead of breaking it down and diluting it? So. So these items are not coming to Amazon.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: These items are coming to Amazon. The new brand is coming to Amazon. And then we're gonna have to. Because our lentils are being discontinued, we're gonna have to reconfigure and potentially it's just a three pack of barbecue lentils instead of one of each flavor because we've discontinued the other two flavors. Basically. These two.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah,

Speaker A: yeah. And it's. So these are 140. These are 140 gram bag sizes show. I don't Even have a sticker one in front of me.

Speaker B: Oh, that gives me an idea.

Speaker A: I don't even have a snack. Next. I should get your address and just ship you some stuff. But it's a bit of a bigger bag. It's 150 gram and it's physically bigger. So it's more expensive.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. Retail. This retails for like 3.99 to 4.99. The snack mix is 7.99.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So you're looking at a $16 three pack.

Speaker B: These ones also make the flag for

Speaker A: buyers can handle a $32.

Speaker B: Compare with other retail prices, other retailer prices. And if the unit price is, you know, it doesn't make sense. It is lower.

Speaker A: Really? Okay, so you think 32 over. Over 16 or like basically 18. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Right. So since we're.

Speaker A: Yes. And that was the other question I had.

Speaker B: How about, you know,

Speaker A: how.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: If we put all the reason. They're able to search and identify that because the UPC is the same, how do we make the product different enough that they struggle to do that? So you're saying you're. So what you are saying is, you're saying it's because the UPCs are the same, that that's how they're able to draw this. So, yeah. So how can we strategically change the UPC and how it's. I see. So you're saying create a finished good. Create a saleable UPC around the six items bundled together, which is a simple package. So, yeah, let me take this away, like just in terms of. Yeah, I see what you're saying. And, and, but do you have guarantees that that's the issue. And if we do all that, then. Because that's extra. I was like, whoa, I'm so surprised you were offering that. Yeah, Yeah. But that's. I, I feel that is the strongest. That's the easiest way that they're able to audit the market. They scan the UPC and they look in data for price points. Like they're not hu stores. And looking at the shelves, I can guarantee you that. So it's all, all rings into the upc. Okay, so let me have some discussions about that.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: But yes. So strategically moving forward. The second thing is we're like, we are rolling up some budget assumptions. So I might come at you with some questions there once I just learn more about what needs to happen with

Speaker B: marketing dollars and done my work and

Speaker A: decided if there's more available anyway, some

Speaker B: of the stuff for the US listings right now, I'm just.

Speaker A: Okay, sorry. And so what were the items that you wanted to. I do have a hard stop at 11.

Speaker B: So after doing the. I mean doing a new set of keywords.

Speaker A: Oh, sorry, that's one new.

Speaker B: Yeah, sorry, let me share my screen. That will be beneficial. I have come with a lot of different keywords that are either ingredient related, healthy related and protein related that I have used to come up with a new title and also the backend keywords. On top of that we are also going to advertise with the new set of keywords that you have discovered. And it's exactly the same thing that I same concept that I discussed with you before where I was going to try to find different keywords related to the ingredients. That's one. So three different ingredients, three different set of keyword research for that. And then I was going to find long tail keywords for in the healthy and protein category that makes the keyword more relevant and also not that competitive. That's exactly what I have done. So let me just show you what I mean by that. So these, I mean the ingredient related keyword is. Nothing much, nothing much to see there really. But I will just show you very quickly. One second. So I have. These are the keywords, for example fava related. So I've done the same thing for chickpeas and lentils. Now let me show you the keywords that are. That are healthy related. And this is where it gets interesting because we found so many different keywords and by that I mean if I filter. Oh, sorry, I just disabled the filter. So there are about 430 nothing keywords like these that can be relevant. Doesn't matter what the search volumes are, they are very low. You will get to see the search volumes here. But I have considered all of them and that makes it more relevant for our less competitive and also more relevant because these are descriptive. So you will also see the descriptors. I have separated the descriptors for each keyword here and I process them with chatgpt to categorize them. But they are mostly related to. Let's see if I can really find something on my chatgpt right now. Where it was. It was a very interesting way of organizing those descriptors. Yeah. Okay. I have found this. So if you see health and nutrition related. These are the. These are all the different kinds of descriptors that they're using with healthy usage or occasion grab and go, road trip, office, school, dorm, even pregnancy, men, women, all different audiences for pick eaters even. And then according to the format, so salty, crunchy, saturated, Protein bites, mini snacks, all sorts of things.

Speaker A: This is as bad as.

Speaker B: And then again occasional and function or functional positioning. So weight loss, feeling snacks, fun snacks, all of these different kinds of descriptors. So what I'm thinking of doing is I have also done the same thing for quoting keywords. Now what I'm thinking of doing is after changing these in the back end there is new content. We also need to work on the advertising with these keywords. I'm going to stop sharing my screen now. So that is what I'm. I have come to. But then we also need to discuss about the budget. So in a previous meeting we discussed the U S strategy, we reviewed our current situation and I had some recommendations. I'll share my screen to show you those recommendations again. So these are my recommendations. We were considering doing SEO. So these are the two that were SEO related. And then we are talking about pricing review and also budget allocation. So these two are the major ones that we need to discuss and decide what do we want to. We want to do about these. That's right, Yes. Hopefully we'll not need to go that high, but I'm getting an approval and see how much we can push.

Speaker A: And because right now you're 20% of the monthly revenue on U.S. and 15 on Canada. Right. And this is specifically asking to increase that 20% to 60% for three to six months. Yeah. And again I this, I don't have it show home. We don't have the like especially like we're coming up to year end right now to actually like increase at this time of year. Yes, it's not a good time. So this is the conversation in our

Speaker B: budgeting for 20, 26,000 and then when

Speaker A: they roll up the full budget for 2026 alongside our capacity expansion because we're already running 247 then we start deciding

Speaker B: what levers are and also what levers

Speaker A: will we unlock and when will we

Speaker B: unlock the Costco Right after.

Speaker A: Let's say this is not a now thing but this is exactly what I need planning. Because my ask is saying let's say

Speaker B: start capacity then maybe increases and I

Speaker A: want to pull my E Commerce on a little bit. I need 60% of my US revenues

Speaker B: for a minimum of and then I

Speaker A: can move back down to 20 and that's what that cost will look like. But hopefully I'm gonna have to make an assumption on what our sales will look like too. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. All right. So for now we'll still make use of the keywords that we found and see what we can do, how we can best utilize the budget and if we can support our growth. And in fact, if we do that right now, we'll have some evidence. Yes.

Speaker A: Yes. Okay. Yeah. And the thing about this, too, is I wouldn't necessarily want to start spending more of these dollars until we have the snack mix on, because I do strongly believe that that protein snack mix coupled with this new variety pack that we just launched three months ago, I think those are going to be your revenue drivers, like so. Yes. So I have this recommendation for our planning and all the scenarios, but just.

