Transcript for: Recording__998.mp4
Title: Recording #998
============================================================

The tools we have, the marketplace. From there it's really up to like the brand or their seller to go in and just make the most use out of it. We, I mean we do have different plans that like kind of give you support. We have, our main plans will probably be like standard and then our gold plan, Gold plan gives you more essentially like support from our team. You get like a CSM on your account. They can help with like strategy, they can help provide like a list of affiliates. They recommend you to get in touch with things like that. So that's like the only plan we offer where there's structured guidance and like support on that end. But otherwise self serve, it's really like kind of just like go out there and invite affiliates. I mean definitely just best practices overall I would say like go in on a daily basis, especially in the first month or two. Make sure that you send invites out to creators, like your full amount that you get daily, accept invites, you can even turn auto approval on and then from there message them, email them. We pull their emails in too. But as much as like you can do to essentially just like reach out and make sure you're following up on all of that, that's going to be really good as well. If you do have multiple brands, you can also essentially manage them under one account. It makes things a little easier if you're trying to. If you're basically the main one managing it. So if you want to bring in multiple brands in one account, you can do that too. And that also kind of helps with like for example, if you want to send an invite to a creator, you can do it for all of your brands. If all of your brands are kind of similar and they would still kind of revolve in the same audience, you can kind of like group brands and buy invites and messages. So that might make it a little easier for you to do too. Okay, and when you say that like is it like I can, you were saying that I can include multiple brands under one account, like one plan or is it good to be that like essentially would be like a different type of plan that would be called like our enterprise plans. So our main plans like just on our website are really, if you're just like one brand or one account and you're just adding that in. We do have obviously different options and we even like work specifically with agencies too. We usually can offer also like agency discounts if you're adding in multiple clients. But yeah, basically it would be like an enterprise plan, but it's essentially discounted. So instead of, like, onboarding five brands at the regular, like, gold rate, you essentially get, like, a discount for each brand depending on how many are added in. The more brands, the better the discount. But no matter what, like, starting at two brands, you start to get a discount. So I can send over those, like, rates for you too, because I know they're, like, not on our website. And then I can double check because, like, again, like, if you're an agency or a client, someone referring them over, we give even more discounts. So, like, you can essentially bring this to your client and say, like, hey, you get a discounted rate through me, and then that kind of helps you guys get them in the business as well. Yeah, yeah, exactly. The thing is, you know what I. The difference between your standard plan and the goal plan is the price jumps sharply, very sharply. And it will be very difficult for me to convince any of my clients to take the gold plan because of that sharp increase. So if you can do something there, that would be really helpful. It'd be helpful too, like, because we give, like, we can give very, like, honest feedback, too, on, like, brands. So, like, if you want to send over, like, the brands you want to add on or, like, the ones you have in mind, we were more than happy to take a look essentially at client lists and work with you guys on it because we know, too, like, we've seen brands that do well. We kind of can have an indicator of performance just based off of, like, looking at the brand and everything. So I could say, like, okay, yeah, like, this one maybe makes more sense to have, like, on a standard plan versus, like, no, this one we can definitely invest in. This should do really well. So we're more than happy to work with you on that front too, and, like, just provide honest projections and feedback. Okay. And then that'll help you go back to your client and, you know, even can help convince them, like, hey, these are the projections we think you can get through the platform and, you know, all that makes sense. Okay, yeah. And, like, this is very interesting. I never thought about this, so. Because, like, can you give me a little bit more idea of, like, what kind of brands do you think works well with Levanta that you have? Honestly, it's. It's really going to depend, like, because we. I mean, we obviously look at category and just brand, but also just, like, the size, the reviews, like, we take a look at all of that. We also. We just have some random categories, like very niche products that will do very, very well. Like, for example, anytime I see an air purifier. It's just a very random example. I know air purifiers kill it. They will do very well. We've had, like, success with everything in that category, so it's really hard to say, like, oh, yeah, everything in the kitchen space does well because, well, kitchen is a pretty good category. You know, sometimes depending on what the actual products are, some perform better than others. So I can give, like, more specific feedback if I actually see the brands, but it's really hard. I mean, obviously industry standard, it's pretty similar to just like how it normally is on Amazon. So, like anything in health and wellness kitchen beauty, obviously those are, I would say good Tech space too is going to be good. But we can also give you, like, even more specifics based off of, like, the actual products and all of that. Right. Okay. So you know what one question is about commission percentages? I understand that dietary supplement and also packaged food, everything is very competitive on Amazon. So, I mean, for one brand to be successful, what standard commission percentages would you recommend for? It's. I mean, if you're in the supplement space, supplement is pretty competitive. So, like, I would say like anywhere from like 20 to 30 for supplements. For other product, I mean, it depends on the price point, too. If you have a very high price point, I mean, if you're anything over $50, you can usually do a lower commission rate just because, you know they're getting paid out more on those sales. So price point is going to be a big piece as well. This will also, though, be something like, when you get started and have an account, you'll have like, like a CSM probably, I would assume on your account, if you have multiple brands that can help you with this too, they can give you, like, hey, here's, you know, commissions we'd recommend for these products and all of that because they're honestly even more knowledgeable than I am about all the commission set up. But yeah, I would say, like, our average on the platform is maybe 20, but we also have a lower average order value. It's probably around like 20 or $30. Nice. Well, that's very helpful. All right, so let's see what else. I made a list of things I wanted to talk about. So let me see what's on that list. Okay, well, so I was reading one thing on your website. It was a guide on how to do it successfully. So something that caught my eye was it's not only inbound, you also need to do outbound in order for it to be really successful. So when you say outbound, I do mean like we have to reach out to say for the standard plan 25 influencer city. Is that what you mean by outbound or. Yeah, basically, yes. Like doing your own outreach in the program, emailing them also even outside of the platform. But yeah, that's essentially what me. What we mean by outbound is just not just accepting applications, but going out and like inviting creators. Okay, yeah, that, that makes sense. I was thinking that. Well, are you asking that I find my own influence that? I mean, so you can do that? I mean some brands bring in also their own creators, but I mean most brands work just within our marketplace and just use those creators. Sure. Okay, that also is a little bit like, it also is a bit not concerning, but it makes me think how much time does one brand really to dedicate if they want to, let's say really send out for the gold one 50 messages every day? Yeah. How much time does that need? And then it's not just sending that messages. The first messages, then some people will get back to you and then you have to do the back and forth. Now this is a job of a brand manager, right? The thing that I'm just describing. Yeah, it's, it's, well it's not our brand manager. Like we don't actually go in for you and do that. I know. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So as far as like time it takes like I usually save 30 minutes to like an hour a day in the beginning. If you can go in and do that, honestly the invite process, you're really just sending them out. So I mean if you just click through them quickly, it doesn't take too long. Emailing too, you can kind of do like kind of at a quicker rate. But really like the main part of it is going to be like the initial message and just following up with them. Once they actually are in your program and have like ideas for content, there's usually honestly not a lot of back and forth from that process. Like usually they will be pretty autonomous with the content they create. So like they don't need a lot of hand holding from brands. If they have specific questions, they'll usually just reach out directly and ask. But otherwise like they kind of, they know it's going to work and they know kind of how to put products in their content. So they usually don't need like a ton of like messaging back and forth. But yeah, I, I say like it's definitely gonna take some time. It's not like you know, a full time job though. Like you could have some. Yeah, of course, of course. So it's not like when you, when you mean contact or reach out. It's not like creating a custom message, doing some research about their kind of content, and then sending a customer. It's not that. It's just like, click, send, like, send email. Invite. Invite, Invite. Yeah, yeah. I mean, yeah, if you, I mean, obviously you can spend more time looking at content, but like, my recommendation would be on the initial invite. Just get people in the program. It doesn't matter too much, like, how relevant the content really is because you're not really risking anything. They don't make a commission unless you make a sale anyway. So I would just send it out. You don't really need to do too much research. And then once you're actually trying to, like, you know, maybe you see a creator that's like, I know this would be really good, then I would just do like customized messaging to them to try to get them in. So if you want to, like, look more at other people's content, you can do that. But yeah, I wouldn't say, like, you need to sit there and like, sift through every single person's, like, all the promotional methods they use and all of that. I would just send the invites out. Okay. Okay. And also, is there a, like, do you categorize your influencers based on, you know, for example, food? Like, do you categorize them? Okay, yeah, you can search by, like, category, like that. So we have like every single. I think like, food, beverage is probably category you can search by. You can also search by, like, promotional methods. So if you want to look up like content sites or social sites, anything like that. But yeah, you can get specific with your searches. Makes sense. Okay, so you know what, this may sound like a little bit. Okay, I'll ask that later on. One more question is about the case studies. So I would specifically like to see what kind of results brands can get in dietary supplements. I can be even more specific. So I'll probably get started with one or two clients in the beginning. Then if that works out, then I'll recommend it to others because I cannot dedicate, you know, at the same time, I cannot just do it for multiple brands. It will also consume my resources. So, yeah, probably get started with one or two, get some results and then onboard others. So in that case, I may think of going ahead with, let's say, one weight loss supplement brand. And I understand that you cannot be that specific when it comes to case studies, but if you can at least give me something what we can do because, yeah, we don't have like case studies built out for every single brand. I can't, I can't like share like the exact brand we're working with. Like, let's say we're working with like Nutra Cost or something. I can't be like, okay, Nutra cost is doing 500,000 monthly in sales. But I can basically say, like, hey, we have these two brands in the supplement space. Brand A is, you know, doing around this monthly with sales and clicks. But that would also be helpful if you can just send over the brands you're thinking about. Because then I can also find ones with like similar size too. So it's a little more accurate to what you guys would probably do. That makes sense. Yeah. The brand size matters, right? Their overall awareness level. Yeah, that also matters. So I'll send you the name. I can give you the name right now if you want. Okay, yeah, yeah, you have the name already, actually. Slimquik. You see, that's the meeting name. Quick. Okay. Is there another one or just Slimquik? No, I think we'll just. Let's look into this one first. Or if you want another one, let's look at no Sugar Company. No Sugar Company. Yeah, these two. So if you can find one word. No, no, and then space. Sugar Space Company. Yeah. Okay. What I think I see. Is it. Okay, wait, let me make sure. Is it like the keto cups? Yeah. Okay, cool. I'll look at this one too. Yeah, I'll like follow up via email. Yeah, you know what, their products, you see keto cups right now. But also, I'll just tell you this, they're kind of moving away for, from the keto thing because keto is not that popular if you, if you. Anymore. Yeah, yeah, it was a trend. It was a hot topic. But now it's more like no sugar. The focus is more on no sugar. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah, I'll, I'll get back to you. I wrote both them down. Sure. Um, okay, cool. So, yeah, I can't. Oh, sorry. Actually, I won't even. Do you have more questions you want to go through? No, I think that's pretty much it. I asked a lot of questions. Now I don't know if I made you think, like, when I'll stop. But that's all, that's all I wanted to know. I will send over like a recap with more info. I'll take a look at our pricing and our agency discounts and I'll send it over to you. So you can have that for reference, and then I'll give the projections and feedback on, like, what I would say for these brands. And then from there, you can kind of decide how you want to move forward. It'll be honestly, like, whenever you're ready to get started, too. The setup process is very easy. We literally just set up your account routes, get them going from there, But I'll, like, walk you through those steps, like, once we. We get to that point. But for now, I'll just send over this, and then you can kind of let me know what plan you're thinking. Sure. Yeah, sounds good. Thank you. Cool. Awesome. Okay, well, I should get back to you by the end of day, and then if anything else pops up in the meantime, just feel free to shoot me an email. Sure. Yeah, sounds good. Thank you so much, Nicole. It was a great. Thank you. Yeah. Bye. Thank you. All right, have a nice day. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: The tools we have, the marketplace. From there it's really up to like the brand or their seller to go in and just make the most use out of it. We, I mean we do have different plans that like kind of give you support. We have, our main plans will probably be like standard and then our gold plan, Gold plan gives you more essentially like support from our team. You get like a CSM on your account. They can help with like strategy, they can help provide like a list of affiliates. They recommend you to get in touch with things like that. So that's like the only plan we offer where there's structured guidance and like support on that end. But otherwise self serve, it's really like kind of just like go out there and invite affiliates. I mean definitely just best practices overall I would say like go in on a daily basis, especially in the first month or two. Make sure that you send invites out to creators, like your full amount that you get daily, accept invites, you can even turn auto approval on and then from there message them, email them. We pull their emails in too. But as much as like you can do to essentially just like reach out and make sure you're following up on all of that, that's going to be really good as well. If you do have multiple brands, you can also essentially manage them under one account. It makes things a little easier if you're trying to. If you're basically the main one managing it. So if you want to bring in multiple brands in one account, you can do that too. And that also kind of helps with like for example, if you want to send an invite to a creator, you can do it for all of your brands. If all of your brands are kind of similar and they would still kind of revolve in the same audience, you can kind of like group brands and buy invites and messages. So that might make it a little easier for you to do too.

Speaker B: Okay, and when you say that like is it like I can, you were saying that I can include multiple brands under one account, like one plan or

Speaker A: is it good to be that like essentially would be like a different type of plan that would be called like our enterprise plans. So our main plans like just on our website are really, if you're just like one brand or one account and you're just adding that in. We do have obviously different options and we even like work specifically with agencies too. We usually can offer also like agency discounts if you're adding in multiple clients. But yeah, basically it would be like an enterprise plan, but it's essentially discounted. So instead of, like, onboarding five brands at the regular, like, gold rate, you essentially get, like, a discount for each brand depending on how many are added in. The more brands, the better the discount. But no matter what, like, starting at two brands, you start to get a discount. So I can send over those, like, rates for you too, because I know they're, like, not on our website. And then I can double check because, like, again, like, if you're an agency or a client, someone referring them over, we give even more discounts. So, like, you can essentially bring this to your client and say, like, hey, you get a discounted rate through me, and then that kind of helps you guys get them in the business as well.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, exactly. The thing is, you know what I. The difference between your standard plan and the goal plan is the price jumps sharply, very sharply. And it will be very difficult for me to convince any of my clients to take the gold plan because of that sharp increase. So if you can do something there, that would be really helpful.

Speaker A: It'd be helpful too, like, because we give, like, we can give very, like, honest feedback, too, on, like, brands. So, like, if you want to send over, like, the brands you want to add on or, like, the ones you have in mind, we were more than happy to take a look essentially at client lists and work with you guys on it because we know, too, like, we've seen brands that do well. We kind of can have an indicator of performance just based off of, like, looking at the brand and everything. So I could say, like, okay, yeah, like, this one maybe makes more sense to have, like, on a standard plan versus, like, no, this one we can definitely invest in. This should do really well. So we're more than happy to work with you on that front too, and, like, just provide honest projections and feedback.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And then that'll help you go back to your client and, you know, even can help convince them, like, hey, these are the projections we think you can get through the platform and, you know,

Speaker B: all that makes sense. Okay, yeah. And, like, this is very interesting. I never thought about this, so. Because, like, can you give me a little bit more idea of, like, what kind of brands do you think works well with Levanta that you have?

Speaker A: Honestly, it's. It's really going to depend, like, because we. I mean, we obviously look at category and just brand, but also just, like, the size, the reviews, like, we take a look at all of that. We also. We just have some random categories, like very niche products that will do very, very well. Like, for example, anytime I see an air purifier. It's just a very random example. I know air purifiers kill it. They will do very well. We've had, like, success with everything in that category, so it's really hard to say, like, oh, yeah, everything in the kitchen space does well because, well, kitchen is a pretty good category. You know, sometimes depending on what the actual products are, some perform better than others. So I can give, like, more specific feedback if I actually see the brands, but it's really hard. I mean, obviously industry standard, it's pretty similar to just like how it normally is on Amazon. So, like anything in health and wellness kitchen beauty, obviously those are, I would say good Tech space too is going to be good. But we can also give you, like, even more specifics based off of, like, the actual products and all of that.

Speaker B: Right. Okay. So you know what one question is about commission percentages? I understand that dietary supplement and also packaged food, everything is very competitive on Amazon. So, I mean, for one brand to be successful, what standard commission percentages would you recommend for?

Speaker A: It's. I mean, if you're in the supplement space, supplement is pretty competitive. So, like, I would say like anywhere from like 20 to 30 for supplements. For other product, I mean, it depends on the price point, too. If you have a very high price point, I mean, if you're anything over $50, you can usually do a lower commission rate just because, you know they're getting paid out more on those sales. So price point is going to be a big piece as well. This will also, though, be something like, when you get started and have an account, you'll have like, like a CSM probably, I would assume on your account, if you have multiple brands that can help you with this too, they can give you, like, hey, here's, you know, commissions we'd recommend for these products and all of that because they're honestly even more knowledgeable than I am about all the commission set up. But yeah, I would say, like, our average on the platform is maybe 20, but we also have a lower average order value. It's probably around like 20 or $30.

Speaker B: Nice. Well, that's very helpful. All right, so let's see what else. I made a list of things I wanted to talk about. So let me see what's on that list. Okay, well, so I was reading one thing on your website. It was a guide on how to do it successfully. So something that caught my eye was it's not only inbound, you also need to do outbound in order for it to be really successful. So when you say outbound, I do mean like we have to reach out to say for the standard plan 25 influencer city. Is that what you mean by outbound or.

Speaker A: Yeah, basically, yes. Like doing your own outreach in the program, emailing them also even outside of the platform. But yeah, that's essentially what me. What we mean by outbound is just not just accepting applications, but going out and like inviting creators.

Speaker B: Okay, yeah, that, that makes sense. I was thinking that. Well, are you asking that I find my own influence that?

Speaker A: I mean, so you can do that? I mean some brands bring in also their own creators, but I mean most brands work just within our marketplace and just use those creators.

Speaker B: Sure. Okay, that also is a little bit like, it also is a bit not concerning, but it makes me think how much time does one brand really to dedicate if they want to, let's say really send out for the gold one 50 messages every day?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: How much time does that need? And then it's not just sending that messages. The first messages, then some people will get back to you and then you have to do the back and forth. Now this is a job of a brand manager, right? The thing that I'm just describing.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's, it's, well it's not our brand manager. Like we don't actually go in for you and do that.

Speaker B: I know.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So as far as like time it takes like I usually save 30 minutes to like an hour a day in the beginning. If you can go in and do that, honestly the invite process, you're really just sending them out. So I mean if you just click through them quickly, it doesn't take too long. Emailing too, you can kind of do like kind of at a quicker rate. But really like the main part of it is going to be like the initial message and just following up with them. Once they actually are in your program and have like ideas for content, there's usually honestly not a lot of back and forth from that process. Like usually they will be pretty autonomous with the content they create. So like they don't need a lot of hand holding from brands. If they have specific questions, they'll usually just reach out directly and ask. But otherwise like they kind of, they know it's going to work and they know kind of how to put products in their content. So they usually don't need like a ton of like messaging back and forth. But yeah, I, I say like it's definitely gonna take some time. It's not like you know, a full time job though. Like you could have some.

Speaker B: Yeah, of course, of course. So it's not like when you, when you mean contact or reach out. It's not like creating a custom message, doing some research about their kind of content, and then sending a customer. It's not that. It's just like, click, send, like, send email. Invite. Invite, Invite.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. I mean, yeah, if you, I mean, obviously you can spend more time looking at content, but like, my recommendation would be on the initial invite. Just get people in the program. It doesn't matter too much, like, how relevant the content really is because you're not really risking anything. They don't make a commission unless you make a sale anyway. So I would just send it out. You don't really need to do too much research. And then once you're actually trying to, like, you know, maybe you see a creator that's like, I know this would be really good, then I would just do like customized messaging to them to try to get them in. So if you want to, like, look more at other people's content, you can do that. But yeah, I wouldn't say, like, you need to sit there and like, sift through every single person's, like, all the promotional methods they use and all of that. I would just send the invites out.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And also, is there a, like, do you categorize your influencers based on, you know, for example, food? Like, do you categorize them?

Speaker A: Okay, yeah, you can search by, like, category, like that. So we have like every single. I think like, food, beverage is probably category you can search by. You can also search by, like, promotional methods. So if you want to look up like content sites or social sites, anything like that. But yeah, you can get specific with your searches.

Speaker B: Makes sense. Okay, so you know what, this may sound like a little bit. Okay, I'll ask that later on. One more question is about the case studies. So I would specifically like to see what kind of results brands can get in dietary supplements. I can be even more specific. So I'll probably get started with one or two clients in the beginning. Then if that works out, then I'll recommend it to others because I cannot dedicate, you know, at the same time, I cannot just do it for multiple brands. It will also consume my resources. So, yeah, probably get started with one or two, get some results and then onboard others. So in that case, I may think of going ahead with, let's say, one weight loss supplement brand. And I understand that you cannot be that specific when it comes to case studies, but if you can at least

Speaker A: give me something what we can do because, yeah, we don't have like case studies built out for every single brand. I can't, I can't like share like the exact brand we're working with. Like, let's say we're working with like Nutra Cost or something. I can't be like, okay, Nutra cost is doing 500,000 monthly in sales. But I can basically say, like, hey, we have these two brands in the supplement space. Brand A is, you know, doing around this monthly with sales and clicks. But that would also be helpful if you can just send over the brands you're thinking about. Because then I can also find ones with like similar size too. So it's a little more accurate to what you guys would probably do.

Speaker B: That makes sense. Yeah. The brand size matters, right? Their overall awareness level. Yeah, that also matters. So I'll send you the name. I can give you the name right now if you want. Okay, yeah, yeah, you have the name already, actually. Slimquik. You see, that's the meeting name.

Speaker A: Quick. Okay. Is there another one or just Slimquik?

Speaker B: No, I think we'll just. Let's look into this one first. Or if you want another one, let's look at no Sugar Company.

Speaker A: No Sugar Company.

Speaker B: Yeah, these two. So if you can find one word. No, no, and then space. Sugar Space Company. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. What I think I see. Is it. Okay, wait, let me make sure. Is it like the keto cups?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, cool. I'll look at this one too. Yeah, I'll like follow up via email.

Speaker B: Yeah, you know what, their products, you see keto cups right now. But also, I'll just tell you this, they're kind of moving away for, from the keto thing because keto is not that popular if you, if you.

Speaker A: Anymore.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, it was a trend. It was a hot topic. But now it's more like no sugar. The focus is more on no sugar.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, cool. Yeah, I'll, I'll get back to you. I wrote both them down.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Um, okay, cool. So, yeah, I can't. Oh, sorry. Actually, I won't even. Do you have more questions you want to go through?

Speaker B: No, I think that's pretty much it. I asked a lot of questions. Now I don't know if I made you think, like, when I'll stop. But that's all, that's all I wanted to know.

Speaker A: I will send over like a recap with more info. I'll take a look at our pricing and our agency discounts and I'll send it over to you. So you can have that for reference, and then I'll give the projections and feedback on, like, what I would say for these brands. And then from there, you can kind of decide how you want to move forward. It'll be honestly, like, whenever you're ready to get started, too. The setup process is very easy. We literally just set up your account routes, get them going from there, But I'll, like, walk you through those steps, like, once we. We get to that point. But for now, I'll just send over this, and then you can kind of let me know what plan you're thinking.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah, sounds good. Thank you.

Speaker A: Cool. Awesome. Okay, well, I should get back to you by the end of day, and then if anything else pops up in the meantime, just feel free to shoot me an email.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah, sounds good. Thank you so much, Nicole. It was a great.

Speaker A: Thank you.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Bye. Thank you.

Speaker B: All right, have a nice day. Bye now.

