Transcript for: Recording__1016.mp4
Title: Recording #1016
============================================================

Okay, so the first step is we will switch to Daily View and before, even before we do that, we will go to the Settings tab and change the date because we don't have, we can only view about 30 days of data here. So we need to change the date to something very recent so that you can, you can see when, when it's ending. Basically the data is ending and it can be different for the business report related data. So the first two rows and the rows below that, below that. Because the first two rows are coming from the business report and the ones below that are coming from the advertising. Now. Yeah, now for here we have until March 18th. The last date is March 18th. Right. But we'll, we'll not start from March 19th when we start downing the new reports. We'll start from two to three days before. Because some of this data may be updated, may need to be updated. That's why we download. We keep some overlap. So let's say in this case we'll download the data from 16 for both the business report and the advertising. Good. Here. Yeah, Yeah. So you need to download the data from March 16, right. Today. What's the date? Today is first April. So if you click on 14 days, it's going back to. Just click on it. I will definitely need 14 days, probably a little bit more than that. Okay, so something to be very careful about which marketplace you are updating, by the way. Right now. Usa. Okay, good. Something that you need to be very careful about is when you generate this report using that matrix button and it opens all these business reports, see which marketplace it's loading. You can. Because it happened before that. I was processing Canada's report and it just loaded all the business reports from the U.S. i processed them. That messed up the data. Anyway, if that happens, that still can be fixed. But it's better not to, not, not to go there. So here it's all right. It's U.S. marketplace. You just download and name them. Why to download all this. Yeah. Download one. No, no, no, don't do that. You will get confused. Download one, name one, download one, end and name one. Like immediately download and name. Download and name. Don't download everything. Then name because you will, you will not remember which one is which date. So you see, both look similar. This one is of course the first one. Which date was that? 16th. Okay, I forgot the date format by the way, naming format. So to check that you can go to. Yes, go to that folder and see how the first one. Imported. Yeah, so it's looks like it will Be month, then date, month then date, then year. Of course, I think it will be better to have them saved somewhere on. On notion. You see we have one tab where we have will record the processes. Right. We can probably add the passwords even just yet. That is easy to share. What is the password? Let's see. Okay, so let's go back. You know the date format. It's month, then date, then year. So let's go name, name it that way. It was of the 16th of March I believe so 3, 16, 25. But here the data is coming from 13. Oh, okay, well. 33. Oh, which one did you click on by the way? Did you click on the last one or matrix and 14 days or plus 14 days? Yeah, I clicked on last 14 links. Oh, that's why it has generated from, you know, 16. So the last 14 days will go from this the last 14 days. See how it will not cover everything. Have to do more manual work. Not that one. Third one. Yeah, you want last 14 days, right? So the fourth option is. Yeah, I think the. Yeah, yeah, now it's correct. Yeah, go ahead and download all of them then. Dot CSV. No, no, it will be 25. Okay, go back there. So if it is 03, it will be just three. No, zero. Basically 03 will be just three. 30 is fine. And then it will be just 25. Yeah. Okay, so now you will just keep on repeating it for the other dates. You can just select the dates that were not automatically generated and then download them manually. Hopefully there will be few because you're supposed to do it every two weeks. Okay, so now you have all of those data. Now you just transfer them to the new SKU files. Yeah, open that folder. It. Done. Okay, now, now we'll jump to the add report, which takes time. So it's. It's like every time you do it. Yeah, do it now. But then you will have to give it like an hour or so for it to be generated. I don't know why it takes so long. So if you do it now, probably we'll have to wait for an hour. So better do it for both marketplaces and then come back and then, then generate the reports later on. So I have to click on. Yeah, Ignore the last helium 10:1 and also the fulfillment report because we don't. I don't think we listed anything new. Did you list anything new in usa? No. Right. We didn't list anything new or change the price. Three farmers. You didn't do anything right for the U.S. no. Okay. Okay, so then in that case it will remain the same. Just delete. You don't need to download the fulfillment fees report from here. You need to generate the advertising reports. Which ones? Three of them. I don't think we are running sponsored brands yet. But you know, if you are not sure, you can first of all go to the campaign manager and check. If you are not sure. Now we don't need that. That's for ranking tracking. But we are not going to do that. So yeah, create reports. Advertised product. Yeah. And it will be the daily report. And since when it will be from 16th. Yeah, 31st. Yeah, sure. So for that we only downloaded till 30th. Yeah, up to you if you want to keep it up the 30th. Okay, now let's go back. And you know what, if you don't want to check, you can just generate the reports. Sponsored brand and then campaigns daily again. Campaign. No, campaign again. I don't know why you should do that. Yeah, as a campaign only for the sponsor product. We have to do advertise product. Yeah. And you will also get that notification if you, if you go back to the reporting dashboard and let's say you click on metrics. We're not going to do it now, but just to check, let's say we're going to click on import new data and click on update ads. Just click. Yeah. Oh, oh, just dismiss. No, yeah, no, no, hold on, hold on. Yeah, this is how it shows. So daily campaign report. You see. So that's why we have to generate a daily campaign. That's all I wanted to show you. Okay, now let's do the same for Canada because we'll have to wait. Right. Oh, one thing you could do is go back. Go back and have the. Because now you're logged into the US one or you need to log in anyway. So what you could do is you could just process the SKU reports. You will need to log in again, validate. So yeah, it's better to have those processed and then whenever the ad reports are ready, you can just come back and then process them. Because if you don't process and go to Canadian one, unless it isn't hit process, it will process both the US reports and the Canadian reports from the new SKU folder. Yeah. Just like one at a time, you are uploading the data to the same folder. You see, that was a bit confusing to me. So it's like you upload them, process them, done. And then you go to the another report and then upload it in the same folder and process them. That's how it will work. Close it and then. Yeah, so metrics and then from there import new data for the update. SKU last one. So it's now processed. I mean not yet. Not processed correctly. No, no, no, I'm saying it's still processing. Yeah, okay, it's added. So yeah, it's. The revenue is. It's in the US anyway, so it's not processed. Let's go back to. Go to Canadian report right now and have that done. Yeah. And you have to log out from here. You will have to switch to Canada and. And after you're done with all of these again, you'll have to switch back to the monthly view, change the start date so that it's ready for the client to view. Okay, so we have add data until the 19th and business report data till the 18th. Now you will still keep an overlap and repeat the process. I can delete this file? Yeah, better delete it. Yeah. Once you download the advertising reports, you will add them to the ads new folder. Yeah. Right, but generate them. Yes, but follow the naming convention. It's just SP for Sponsored Product, SB for sponsored brand, SD for Sponsored display. That's it. Yeah. And once that is done, I have to go to Matrix Updated. Exactly. Yes, that's right. And then switch this to Monthly View. Exactly. And then also change the start date. Start date will always be October 1st. Okay. Yeah. And I have one more request, so. And this request is coming from the client. They requested one more update to this file. And you see, if you go to the dashboard folder, sorry tab, you will see all the overall. Oh, product level. Okay, hold on, let me think. First of all, at the product level, you get to see how many units you are selling on a monthly level. Right. If we switch to the monthly view. And. You'll really need to change the start date. Yeah. Okay, so now here we get to see the monthly data, but we get to see everything including ad data, units, revenues. There is so much to follow. And if you click on the plus buttons on the left below, let's say the first product, the Variety pack, a little bit on top. Yeah, yeah, just. Just on the left below, just below that and on the left, column 140, row 140 on. Yeah, you see that plus button just left towards the left. Yeah, Click that and you'll see it expands. And also we have added some forecast data here. Month and then actuals and forecast. Right. So they want to be able to see these numbers together. So for all the products. So let's say the. I Mean the product name, SKU product name if possible, the picture and along with that the month actuals and forecast. That's what they want to be able to see together. And they want to. Okay, first thing first, they want to have all these product level data together, actuals and forecast plus they want to have a. Like just below all of those, they want to have one product account level, actual data plus forecast data in terms of units and revenue and, and also the advertisement spend. So if you, if you. Can you see another plus button there, row 78. Yeah, click there. Scroll down a little bit. Yeah, you see I have added two more lines here. True actual roas. And then I know it's something that we don't use right at. I said true as basically the stackholes tacos actual versus tacos target. Now they don't understand the concept of tacos and acorns, especially when they talk to the higher management or investors. So they like to think in terms of roas and they define that in terms of dollar. So it's like if I spend $1, how many dollars can I get back? That's how they think. So here, for example, Target ROAS is $10. So if we spend $1, we want to get $. But then actual is right now at night in the month of what, I don't know, maybe February, it was 19.8. That's way high. That's not just because it's high. It's not healthy. We want to spend sufficiently. Right. To grow. The aim is to grow anyway. So they also want to have these at the same place. Can you, I mean, based on the things that I just told you, can you picture in your mind how it may look like? I mean, I know it will not be 100% clear, but just at a glance, We want this data to be separated from this, not will not delete anything from here. What I was thinking is, you see that plus button will add new tab. We cannot mess up with this dashboard because there are so many formulas and scripts. So if we add anything, eliminate anything, it will just disturb, disturb with those formulas and the script. So let's create one new tab. And you will find that plus button at the bottom. Yeah, you click there. That's where we can do whatever you want to. So we can use our own formulas here. And, and I would, I'll prefer you keep. If you keep it at the end because I don't know how they. Yeah, exactly. At the end. Yeah, because I don't have much knowledge about how they use how they refer to the sheets in their script anyway. So you see they have 125 sheets. Yeah. Okay. So here, here we are going to first of all use formulas to bring in those skus. Probably we can just list the skus by ourselves. Right. And we can use some formula to draw the names here or we can just do it manually if we don't want to make it that complicated. But to bring in the pictures you need to use a formula. And I was thinking maybe we can use the same formula that they have used in the dashboard. So if you go to the dashboard and if you click on the picture, just double click. Yeah, that's the one. So this is something that they have done. Right. So I was thinking probably you can also do the same. If we're that good is this entire formula, basically. We can just copy it and see what kind of changes we need to make. We can grab it from here. This will be, this will. This may be very time consuming. You need to double click on one cell and even if you don't want to make it this complicated with the image, just leave a blank space for now. Right. And. Yeah, And, and just do a good formatting. That also looks good like we have done in the Dashboard Pro. You can copy paste the same formulas, same format from there, same styles from there. That, that would look good. So if we go back to the dashboard, you will see probably just a SKU title if possible and the picture. And then on top we'll have the months and then for each SKU we'll have the data of the actual. There will be a row for the actual versus forecast, the quantities. And also. Yeah, yes, exactly. And we'll keep on doing the same thing for all of the skus. And at the bottom we'll just add these numbers up. So the actuals versus we can either add up or we can use formula and then take the same data that we have in this dashboard anyway so that we'll add up the actuals, the number of units and also the revenue. We'll have one column for actual units and then actual revenue and then forecast units. Forecasted revenue. And when I mean forecasted revenue, you can assume you cannot just multiply the total number of units with any average value. Right. You'll have to add up the forecasted units with the individual product prices and then add them to get the forecasted revenue. And then you are just going to propose that so far our. If you click on the plus button above, you'll see actual true ROAS is this each month and then our forecasted true ROAS is 10%. Let's just keep it 10%. Okay. So, and then you'll also be able to calculate the advertising dollar that you need. You get the concept now you work on it. Okay. Yeah, do it. It's not that complicated. I don't think it's that complicated. You just need to come up. They need a skew image, product name, then the actual forecasted data and actual units and forecasted units for each queue for each. Each cube, back to back, like one after another. And then at the bottom, the total listing, total number of units and total revenue actual and then forecasted. Don't go for forecasted units. Just go for forecasted revenue. And then the target row as these two rows. Basically. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And okay, based on the things that you have on your plate, do you think it will interfere with other work? If you need to end it, finish it by today. This sheet I have to create today? Yes. Okay. Yeah, I'll work on it. All right. All right, all right. If you feel that towards the end of the day it's still something that you cannot achieve, let me know a little bit ahead of time because it needs to be delivered to the client by today. They want it today. Okay. Yeah, yeah. By before 10. I'll let you know. Yeah, it's. It will be good if you can do it. By the way, I appreciate your help. Yeah, yeah. Try to finish half of it, then you can just do the finishing things. Sure. Okay, we'll see. Yeah. First I'll come try to complete it. Right, right. All right, bhub. So that, I guess that's all for now. Yeah, yeah. I'll send you the recording after it's uploaded. Okay, thank you. Yeah. All right, bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Okay, so the first step is we will switch to Daily View and before, even before we do that, we will go to the Settings tab and change the date because we don't have, we can only view about 30 days of data here. So we need to change the date to something very recent so that you can, you can see when, when it's ending. Basically the data is ending and it can be different for the business report related data. So the first two rows and the rows below that, below that. Because the first two rows are coming from the business report and the ones below that are coming from the advertising. Now. Yeah, now for here we have until March 18th. The last date is March 18th. Right. But we'll, we'll not start from March 19th when we start downing the new reports. We'll start from two to three days before. Because some of this data may be updated, may need to be updated. That's why we download. We keep some overlap. So let's say in this case we'll download the data from 16 for both the business report and the advertising.

Speaker B: Good. Here.

Speaker A: Yeah, Yeah. So you need to download the data from March 16, right. Today. What's the date?

Speaker B: Today is first April.

Speaker A: So if you click on 14 days, it's going back to. Just click on it. I will definitely need 14 days, probably a little bit more than that. Okay, so something to be very careful about which marketplace you are updating, by the way. Right now. Usa. Okay, good. Something that you need to be very careful about is when you generate this report using that matrix button and it opens all these business reports, see which marketplace it's loading. You can. Because it happened before that. I was processing Canada's report and it just loaded all the business reports from the U.S. i processed them. That messed up the data. Anyway, if that happens, that still can be fixed. But it's better not to, not, not to go there. So here it's all right. It's U.S. marketplace. You just download and name them.

Speaker B: Why to download all this.

Speaker A: Yeah. Download one. No, no, no, don't do that. You will get confused. Download one, name one,

Speaker B: download one, end and name one.

Speaker A: Like immediately download and name. Download and name. Don't download everything. Then name because you will, you will not remember which one is which date. So you see, both look similar. This one is of course the first one. Which date was that?

Speaker B: 16th.

Speaker A: Okay, I forgot the date format by the way, naming format. So to check that you can go to. Yes, go to that folder and see how the first one. Imported. Yeah, so it's looks like it will Be month, then date, month then date, then year. Of course, I think it will be better to have them saved somewhere on. On notion. You see we have one tab where we have will record the processes.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: We can probably add the passwords even just yet. That is easy to share.

Speaker B: What is the password?

Speaker A: Let's see. Okay, so let's go back. You know the date format. It's month, then date, then year. So let's go name, name it that way. It was of the 16th of March I believe so 3, 16, 25.

Speaker B: But here the data is coming from 13.

Speaker A: Oh, okay, well.

Speaker B: 33.

Speaker A: Oh, which one did you click on by the way? Did you click on the last one or matrix and 14 days or plus 14 days?

Speaker B: Yeah, I clicked on last 14 links.

Speaker A: Oh, that's why it has generated from, you know, 16.

Speaker B: So the last 14 days will go from

Speaker A: this the last 14 days. See how it will not cover everything. Have to do more manual work. Not that one. Third one. Yeah, you want last 14 days, right? So the fourth option is.

Speaker B: Yeah, I think the. Yeah, yeah, now it's correct.

Speaker A: Yeah, go ahead and download all of them then.

Speaker B: Dot CSV.

Speaker A: No, no, it will be 25. Okay, go back there. So if it is 03, it will be just three. No, zero. Basically 03 will be just three. 30 is fine. And then it will be just 25. Yeah. Okay, so now you will just keep on repeating it for the other dates. You can just select the dates that were not automatically generated and then download them manually. Hopefully there will be few because you're supposed to do it every two weeks. Okay, so now you have all of those data. Now you just transfer them to the new SKU files. Yeah, open that folder.

Speaker B: It.

Speaker A: Done. Okay, now, now we'll jump to the add report, which takes time. So it's. It's like every time you do it. Yeah, do it now. But then you will have to give it like an hour or so for it to be generated. I don't know why it takes so long. So if you do it now, probably we'll have to wait for an hour. So better do it for both marketplaces and then come back and then, then generate the reports later on.

Speaker B: So I have to click on.

Speaker A: Yeah, Ignore the last helium 10:1 and also the fulfillment report because we don't. I don't think we listed anything new. Did you list anything new in usa?

Speaker B: No. Right.

Speaker A: We didn't list anything new or change the price. Three farmers. You didn't do anything right for the U.S. no. Okay. Okay, so then in that case it will remain the same. Just delete. You don't need to download the fulfillment fees report from here. You need to generate the advertising reports. Which ones? Three of them. I don't think we are running sponsored brands yet. But you know, if you are not sure, you can first of all go to the campaign manager and check. If you are not sure. Now we don't need that. That's for ranking tracking.

Speaker B: But we are not going to do that.

Speaker A: So yeah, create reports. Advertised product. Yeah. And it will be the daily report. And since when it will be from 16th.

Speaker B: Yeah, 31st.

Speaker A: Yeah, sure.

Speaker B: So for that we only downloaded till 30th.

Speaker A: Yeah, up to you if you want to keep it up the 30th. Okay, now let's go back. And you know what, if you don't want to check, you can just generate the reports. Sponsored brand and then campaigns daily again. Campaign. No, campaign again. I don't know why you should do that.

Speaker B: Yeah, as a campaign only for the sponsor product. We have to do advertise product.

Speaker A: Yeah. And you will also get that notification if you, if you go back to the reporting dashboard and let's say you click on metrics. We're not going to do it now, but just to check, let's say we're going to click on import new data and click on update ads. Just click.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Oh, oh, just dismiss. No, yeah, no, no, hold on, hold on. Yeah, this is how it shows. So daily campaign report. You see. So that's why we have to generate a daily campaign. That's all I wanted to show you. Okay, now let's do the same for Canada because we'll have to wait. Right. Oh, one thing you could do is go back. Go back and have the. Because now you're logged into the US one or you need to log in anyway. So what you could do is you could just process the SKU reports. You will need to log in again, validate. So yeah, it's better to have those processed and then whenever the ad reports are ready, you can just come back and then process them. Because if you don't process and go to Canadian one, unless it isn't hit process, it will process both the US reports and the Canadian reports from the new SKU folder. Yeah. Just like one at a time, you are uploading the data to the same folder. You see, that was a bit confusing to me. So it's like you upload them, process them, done. And then you go to the another report and then upload it in the same folder and process them. That's how it will work. Close it and then. Yeah, so metrics and then from there import new data for the update. SKU last one. So it's now processed. I mean not yet.

Speaker B: Not processed correctly.

Speaker A: No, no, no, I'm saying it's still processing. Yeah, okay, it's added. So

Speaker B: yeah, it's.

Speaker A: The revenue is. It's in the US anyway, so it's not processed. Let's go back to. Go to Canadian report right now and have that done. Yeah.

Speaker B: And you have to log out from here.

Speaker A: You will have to switch to Canada and. And after you're done with all of these again, you'll have to switch back to the monthly view, change the start date so that it's ready for the client to view. Okay, so we have add data until the 19th and business report data till the 18th. Now you will still keep an overlap and repeat the process.

Speaker B: I can delete this file?

Speaker A: Yeah, better delete

Speaker B: it. Yeah.

Speaker A: Once you download the advertising reports, you will add them to the ads new folder. Yeah. Right, but generate them. Yes, but follow the naming convention. It's just SP for Sponsored Product, SB for sponsored brand, SD for Sponsored display. That's it. Yeah.

Speaker B: And once that is done, I have to go to Matrix Updated.

Speaker A: Exactly. Yes, that's right.

Speaker B: And then switch this to Monthly View.

Speaker A: Exactly. And then also change the start date. Start date will always be October 1st.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: And I have one more request, so. And this request is coming from the client. They requested one more update to this file. And you see, if you go to the dashboard folder, sorry tab, you will see all the overall. Oh, product level. Okay, hold on, let me think. First of all, at the product level, you get to see how many units you are selling on a monthly level. Right. If we switch to the monthly view.

Speaker B: And.

Speaker A: You'll really need to change the start date.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, so now here we get to see the monthly data, but we get to see everything including ad data, units, revenues. There is so much to follow. And if you click on the plus buttons on the left below, let's say the first product, the Variety pack, a little bit on top. Yeah, yeah, just. Just on the left below, just below that and on the left, column 140, row 140 on. Yeah, you see that plus button just left towards the left. Yeah, Click that and you'll see it expands. And also we have added some forecast data here. Month and then actuals and forecast. Right. So they want to be able to see these numbers together. So for all the products. So let's say the. I Mean the product name, SKU product name if possible, the picture and along with that the month actuals and forecast. That's what they want to be able to see together. And they want to. Okay, first thing first, they want to have all these product level data together, actuals and forecast plus they want to have a. Like just below all of those, they want to have one product account level, actual data plus forecast data in terms of units and revenue and, and also the advertisement spend. So if you, if you. Can you see another plus button there, row 78. Yeah, click there. Scroll down a little bit. Yeah, you see I have added two more lines here. True actual roas. And then I know it's something that we don't use right at. I said true as basically the stackholes tacos actual versus tacos target. Now they don't understand the concept of tacos and acorns, especially when they talk to the higher management or investors. So they like to think in terms of roas and they define that in terms of dollar. So it's like if I spend $1, how many dollars can I get back? That's how they think. So here, for example, Target ROAS is $10. So if we spend $1, we want to get $. But then actual is right now at night in the month of what, I don't know, maybe February, it was 19.8. That's way high. That's not just because it's high. It's not healthy. We want to spend sufficiently.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: To grow. The aim is to grow anyway. So they also want to have these at the same place. Can you, I mean, based on the things that I just told you, can you picture in your mind how it may look like? I mean, I know it will not be 100% clear, but just at a glance,

Speaker B: We want this data to be

Speaker A: separated from this, not will not delete anything from here. What I was thinking is, you see that plus button will add new tab. We cannot mess up with this dashboard because there are so many formulas and scripts. So if we add anything, eliminate anything, it will just disturb, disturb with those formulas and the script. So let's create one new tab. And you will find that plus button at the bottom. Yeah, you click there. That's where we can do whatever you want to. So we can use our own formulas here. And, and I would, I'll prefer you keep. If you keep it at the end because I don't know how they. Yeah, exactly. At the end. Yeah, because I don't have much knowledge about how they use how they refer to the sheets in their script anyway. So you see they have 125 sheets.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. So here, here we are going to first of all use formulas to bring in those skus. Probably we can just list the skus by ourselves. Right. And we can use some formula to draw the names here or we can just do it manually if we don't want to make it that complicated. But to bring in the pictures you need to use a formula. And I was thinking maybe we can use the same formula that they have used in the dashboard. So if you go to the dashboard and if you click on the picture, just double click. Yeah, that's the one. So this is something that they have done. Right. So I was thinking probably you can also do the same. If we're that good is this entire formula, basically. We can just copy it and see what kind of changes we need to make. We can grab it from here. This will be, this will. This may be very time consuming. You need to double click on one cell and even if you don't want to make it this complicated with the image, just leave a blank space for now. Right. And.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker A: And, and just do a good formatting. That also looks good like we have done in the Dashboard Pro. You can copy paste the same formulas, same format from there, same styles from there. That, that would look good. So if we go back to the dashboard, you will see probably just a SKU title if possible and the picture. And then on top we'll have the months and then for each SKU we'll have the data of the actual. There will be a row for the actual versus forecast, the quantities. And also. Yeah, yes, exactly. And we'll keep on doing the same thing for all of the skus. And at the bottom we'll just add these numbers up. So the actuals versus we can either add up or we can use formula and then take the same data that we have in this dashboard anyway so that we'll add up the actuals, the number of units and also the revenue. We'll have one column for actual units and then actual revenue and then forecast units. Forecasted revenue. And when I mean forecasted revenue, you can assume you cannot just multiply the total number of units with any average value.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: You'll have to add up the forecasted units with the individual product prices and then add them to get the forecasted revenue. And then you are just going to propose that so far our. If you click on the plus button above, you'll see actual true ROAS is this each month and then our forecasted true ROAS is 10%. Let's just keep it 10%. Okay. So, and then you'll also be able to calculate the advertising dollar that you need. You get the concept now you work on it.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, do it.

Speaker A: It's not that complicated. I don't think it's that complicated. You just need to come up.

Speaker B: They need a skew image, product name, then the actual forecasted data and actual

Speaker A: units and forecasted units for each queue for each. Each cube, back to back, like one after another.

Speaker B: And then at the bottom, the total

Speaker A: listing, total number of units and total revenue actual and then forecasted. Don't go for forecasted units. Just go for forecasted revenue. And then the target row as these two rows. Basically. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. And okay, based on the things that you have on your plate, do you think it will interfere with other work? If you need to end it, finish it by today.

Speaker B: This sheet I have to create today?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, I'll work on it.

Speaker A: All right. All right, all right. If you feel that towards the end of the day it's still something that you cannot achieve, let me know a little bit ahead of time because it needs to be delivered to the client by today. They want it today. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. By before 10. I'll let you know.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's. It will be good if you can do it. By the way, I appreciate your help. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Try to finish half of it, then you can just do the finishing things.

Speaker A: Sure. Okay, we'll see. Yeah.

Speaker B: First I'll come try to complete it. Right, right.

Speaker A: All right, bhub. So that, I guess that's all for now.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: I'll send you the recording after it's uploaded.

Speaker B: Okay, thank you.

Speaker A: Yeah. All right, bye now.

