Transcript for: Recording__907.mp4
Title: Recording #907
============================================================

Win the proposals and then have an ongoing business. So just put the, put your brand positioning on the screen and we're going to tighten that up a little bit. Sure. One second. Right, I'm here. Can you see my screen? Yep. Okay, so just between the title and the brand positioning, let's just put your objective. Let's just take a couple of minutes and tell me what your objective is in the next 90 days. What do you want to do? How many new clients do you want? And you want to keep your current client. So go at the top and just write right here. Oh, here. Actually no, let me open it. Let me do it. I'll go quicker. You send it to me, right? Yes. What's the file? The file. Call again. Oh, I just opened it up in one second. Okay, I'll download it. Let me download it. Yeah, yeah, okay. It'll go quicker if I do it. One chat. Okay. Because we just gotta help pull your business plan together essentially. So here, download. Okay. And let me share my screen. Here, share this, Download. So what's your company's name again? Cpg edge. Cpg edge, that's a good name. Okay. Okay, so just tell me what. Let's just like all projects start with whether you do these courses or. You said what your objective is. So what do you want to do in the next 90 days? Like a smart objective, specific, measurable. So in the 90 days, what do you want to do? Like how many new clients do you want and how many clients do you currently have? Okay, well, secure the number of clients. That's a bit tricky because it depends on the deliverables, what I have to do for them. Yeah, but if, let's say if I have to do everything like I do for no sugar company, then probably two at maximum. I cannot take more than that. Yep. So secure plus two new clients, which is full service. Yeah. And set the, you know, 50k per month spend level. So you make how much when they spend 50k or so. Probably around, let's say in total three to 3,000. In Canadian, let's say 3,500 to 4,000 something around that. Okay. Per client, right? Yeah, We'll call it like retainer fees or something. Yeah. And then you want to keep your. How many current clients do you have? I have, I mean on retainer. There are some clients who just wants to consult, wants me to do some one off tasks. But if I just count the retain the clients on retainer, it'll be six clients right now. Six. Okay, so you have what type of ongoing revenue do you have right now like you have 10k per month or something? I have around 13 to 14k. 30,000. No, 13. One, three. 13. 13. 13 to 14,000. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So you want to go from like 13 to 17? If 2, then it will probably be more than that. If I can. Oh, sorry. Yeah. To 21. Okay. Yeah. Perfect. And do you have any employees and expenses or this is all you? Yes, I. It's a team of three right now. Yeah. So three people total? I mean, if you count me in. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So that's a good target. And the last time you got one of these, one of these six clients, like when was the last time you like, do you always have a funnel of rotating clients or has it been a while since you got a client? Okay, last day you asked me if I want fiber. I am on fiber. So I get. I'm a top rated Fiverr pro there. Now I initiated that. I'm just going to give you a background. I know. Yep. This is not what you asked. I got started with them when I didn't think of starting an agency. I was on my own. Yep. Anyway, so that one I got my last client client in in fact just three weeks ago. Yep. For ads, but very small. I just charge 650 US dollar to that client. That's okay. Yeah. I mean if you can make the math work that you don't do a lot of work. Like if you have an hourly rate, let's say that, you know, it costs you a company. That why I want to talk about this here because you know, your options are to get, you know, to get like 10 times, you know, $600 a month clients or. Right. Or 2 times 4k a month clients. Right. Like yeah, these 8 times 6 or 10 or 12 times 6. Well that's a lot to deliver. Yeah, that's a lot. Or you get smaller guys. 2 times 4008k. But you have to figure out how much hours it takes you to manage these guys. Right. Like you have to figure out your, like this is business planning. Like you have to do your swat, like your business plan. What are your car core competencies? What does your team do? What are you good? What are you not good? Like where can you make the most profit margin? So if you think that getting two bigger clients at about 4,000 is the right place to be. But there's a. This is kind of for you to figure out with your business model and what you have. Do you chase any and all clients? So if you know in the next two weeks. You get three other options on fiber at 600amonth. Do you take them or not? Right. Like this business plan. So here it's kind of like we'll call it business plan. So have you done, like, business planning? No, not really. Never. So this is like. Yeah, so this is business planning. And there's a bunch of videos and consultants who do this, and you. You spend $5,000 with them, and they'll give you a model for the business plan and stuff. And maybe later in my life I'm going to do that. But they basically just have templates. But it's the same thing. Like, it's the same thing we're talking is you need a business plan, and it's going to depend on your swat. Right. Your strengths, your weakness, your opportunities. Like, what are you good at? Your competitive advantage. But your brand positioning is your competitive advantage. Right. Like whether you're a brand or a person or an agency. So that's why I started here. Competitive advantage. Now, do you have. Remind me, where is your pitch deck? You have like a pitch deck, right? Yes, I sent you one with the services. Okay, I saved it. Let me just look at. Okay, so what I'm just going to copy. Just. Just to have things in one place. I'm just going to copy. That's good. Just so we have it all in one place. So this is basically your positioning right now. But the reason we're talking about it is probably not as strong as it can be, Right? Correct. So this is the we're missing kind of why you're special. Okay. So I'm going to put it here on word. It's not ideal, but this is your positioning. But you didn't write the positioning. But you have your PowerPoint, which is your positioning, really. Right. So this is exactly like your positioning is your version of this before meeting. So we're just going to make it a little bit tighter. And let's see if this works. So 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. That looks right. Right. Oh, wait, they're not in the right order. Wait, why are they not in right order? Wait, so your. This one? Yeah, that one's the second one. These are my jars for Costco. Yeah. This is the positioning. Yeah. Costco wants to list my vitamins, so. Okay. Confidentially. Confidentially. So I'm working on that today. So this your second one is the client one. So client one, who we are. Then the third one is operations. Then the third one is who we are. Optimize. I'll fix the formatting. Then operation Is the next one here, then pricing is the next one. Operation fix the formatting. Pricing is the next one. Operation pricing. It's okay. Like, it doesn't have to be like you have a lot of this stuff then digital and advertising. Digital and advertising. Digital and advertising. And then who we work with, you have it up there. Okay, so this is kind of your brand positioning, but is this what you advertise? So when someone reaches out to you on Fiverr, this is what you send them, right? Not really. They already know the gigs and whatever I have written there, they reach out to me based on that. Then we jump on a call to understand the brand and what I can do. What do you have on fiber? So I'm going to send you back this, but can you copy in here whatever your, your thing is on fiber just so we have it in one place? Sure, yeah. Okay, so I'll just kind of. You can put your, your fiber. So copy, copy fiber here. Okay, so so now when you kind of. So we're doing a mini business plan, like rapido. So you want to get two of the bigger clients. Now, are they even on fiber? I don't think so. I will not get them from. Yeah, so they're not there. So that's the problem. Right. So let's just try to do objective and strategies. But where are you going to find these guys? Word of mouth probably, right? That could be one. And I have started LinkedIn content and also outreach. That's what I am starting. Yeah, I mean, I get so many, like, it's crazy every day. I get like 20 different DMS every day to sell services to you. Yep. Like every day. Like 20. Okay. Okay. Wow. So like fiber can be one of them, but it's kind of like not the right target. Like you'll get smaller gigs. Right. And then you said that you got wellnext. How so? The six that you have right now. Remind me, how did you get the six that you have right now? Well, most of. I mean apart from no Sugar and Slim Quick, everything's from fiber. Oh, okay. Okay, well. Okay, well, so it's going to be an evolution and you know, it's going to be an evolution in terms of if you want to transform your company to from like kind of the six active clients that you found on fiber to having much kind of higher quality clients. It's going to be a, a transformation. Like you can't run a marathon tomorrow morning. So here what you can do is upsell. Upsell your upsell, you know, current fiber clients. Yeah. Yeah. Or find new fiber clients and upsell. But for sure, for sure, you know you, you kind of have to refine your pitch. So when you think about. I'll just do high level strategies. We have to figure out what your. Your swat, you know, your strength. We can do this later. But you definitely want to have this little exercise. You do your strength. This is all kind of business 101. Weaknesses, opportunities and threats. It's all kind of the same thing. I'm listening to this. The founder of the ex founder of Quest and he has master classes. Like it's literally. It's crazy expensive. I'll just show him. Try to watch as many videos as you can from him. But I think he's pretty expensive. It's Tom Belew. I might have closed them. Impact theory. I might have closed and I just had a whole bunch of things open. But he, this is his full time job. Like he's looking for clients like you. Right. Like there's so many on TikTok and. And they just want clients like you to pay them to build their business. So what is it? Value. Something like that. Value. Bell you Quest here Bill you so his website so you can watch some of his videos and stuff and check his website. But I'll just show you finding mastery. Okay. So he has a whole team spends like hundreds of thousands of dollars. So definitely get the guide. For me it was totally useless. I filled this in on the weekend. So like oh by the way, you know, you want to change your life, you want to change your company, blah blah blah. Like a bunch of consultants. Right. Like, but I just want you to kind of see like there's so many out there and then. Okay. Unlock the conditions for your team to thrive. Right. You're a small company of four. That's what you want to do. Okay, let's see. Okay. You can do this training, perform at your best. Blah blah blah. Or warrior's edge mindset. I don't know what this is. I don't know. Like I think the one videos I'm watching is finding your best. Then there's some podcasts I can just show you. Like I would listen to a couple of these. Where's all the stuff I got like he has an actual where the frick is his actual program. So it's this. Like he has a step process. Okay. They make it like the, the videos I lit the audiobooks I listen to are a bit. There's one that's really practical. I wasn't able to get the. The practical one. I think I tried to send to you. Yeah, it's really good. And then when you send it, it winds up being something else. So I don't know what, why I think he's changed the links on the back. But look, I'll show like, I'll just show you this podcast and see if he's changed it again. But he, his website doesn't seem to come across. Let me see if he has a new website because I learned he just changed all of his models. So maybe that's what's happening. Let's see. When you click on it on my phone, I kept it and I'm here. Yeah. Okay. It's impact theory. So I think it's a company. Okay, so let's see what happens. Okay, so maybe this works. So impact theory. Okay, give me two seconds. I'm just going to check the one I have open because the one I have open has like business plan swap. Like it's really, really practical. And I don't, you know, I don't have time to. I'm going to do this later. I'm going to do like the Suzie versus here. How to scale your business. Oh, okay, okay. So I didn't click on the one. It's how to scale your business. So the one that applies to you is how to scale your business. And it's here. So he has like three different things going. Like he's like a good multi level marketer guy. How to scale your business. Let me see, let me see. Here, here, here, here. It's a link. So how to scale your business is good here. This guy. Now the problem is this one goes to number two and I don't want number two, I want number one. So I'm going to put this on the page. But number two doesn't really work. So I watched it, the video that. Yeah, you send me this video. Like it's like number two is too theoretical. But I don't know if we can get number one. Like I think he's hiding number one. Number one is much, much better. Yeah, it just brings you back here. So I have number one on my phone. But I'm going to summarize it. I'm going to summarize it because I have all the screenshots. But this is kind of what you want, right? Building a billion dollar brand or blah blah, blah. He. This is all like high level stuff. But this, the basics behind it is problem solving. Identify your niche, identify your target. Come up with a plan to go after your target. Have hypotheses of the plan to go after your target. Go after the target. What did you learn? Did it work? Did it fail? Repeat, repeat, repeat, repeat, repeat. So that's his, like, scale your thing. So we kind of have the same thing here where, you know, it starts with your target. Like, you want you. You're clear, your objective is clear. And his podcast says, you know, you got to get your objective clear. So your objective is clear. You can kind of do all of these kind of business assessments. What are you good at? What are your weaknesses? That, what are some threats, you know, like, you know, many, many competitors, you know, that offer the same service, Same service. One of your opportunities is to find, like, you know, there are the brands out there. But how do you find the brands? Like, the same as when you're doing marketing for these companies. You want to find their target to buy their stuff, but you have the same problem, like, how do you find the brands and companies that you're a good fit for? So a lot of these, like, master classes, they'll give you the steps, but the steps is always kind of the same thing. Step one is you articulate your goal, which we did, right? You articulate your goal or t articulate your objective. Your goal, we call it objective in the business plan, like 30, 60, 90 days, and then the how you're going to go about it. Then you identify the barriers, like why you know, if you know where you're going and how your objective and strategies, like, why are you not going there? Like, what are the things that are happening? So then you come up with new hypotheses. Okay, well, now there's new stuff going on. Then you test them, right? Like, okay, one hypothesis is those type of clients are not on fiber, so I need to go on LinkedIn and do ads. Okay, well, let's play that out. So you have new hypotheses. You play them out, right? Like, you kind of say, okay, like, how would it work? How much would it cost, how long would it take, who would I get, etc. Etc. Then you test some of them. You actually execute and say, okay, let me do this. Let's see what happens. Then you learn and then you change. You, you know, you evolve your strategies. So it's, it's the same. All of these consultants, his words are bigger and stuff, but it's kind of the same thing. And it's the same thing with a brand, right? Like, the brand is not growing. The difference with a brand is most of the time the problem is in your positioning. So let's talk a Little bit about how you're going to break from this, break out from the clutter. Because, you know, you may have, you know, like, you, you may have great, you know, solid, you know, staff. You may have like a proven model to, you know, grow cpg. Like, I don't know, you might, you know, you, you might be really good at it. You might be really bad at it, right? Like, I don't know. Right. Like you have to kind of do a little bit of your work on your swat. But, you know, opportunity is awareness. Like nobody knows, right? So that's, nobody knows about you. That's an opportunity. Another opportunity, which is kind of the same is how do I find these brands, right? Like, I'm really good, I gotta find these brands. So a lot of these consultants help with that. Oh, wait a minute. There's lots and lots of competitors. And the weakness is, you know, low budget, let's say, to drive awareness. And the other thing I would say is you're pretty small as an agency, so you're competing against agencies that send, you know, that send like $50,000 pitch decks, right? So I don't know what you send on fiber, but this to me, If I'm spending 50,000amonth, this pitch deck doesn't convince me as much. It's kind of low end, right? Like, yeah, so you may have a disconnect that you want to get, you know, you want to get these bigger clients, but your materials, you know, you're kind of marketing materials and your pitch don't match, don't line up right now. They don't line up with, with your client, target. Okay. Like, because you're dealing with sophisticated, someone who's spending 50amonth, they'll be pretty sophisticated. And my, my last client, he had six agencies and he hired me just to do kind of the CMO stuff. So I wasn't like, I'm obviously not an Amazon agency. So he was hiring these back and forth, six agencies that he tested because he was spending about a million a month, between 500 and a million a month. And he said, you know, he fired all of them now. So he's been at it for seven years and he's, he's, he hasn't found some that's worth it for him. So he's like a good client. If he spends 500 to a million, his brand name is. I don't think he's on Amazon though. He's on Meta Ads. But like it's hard to find a good agency. So there's definitely, yeah, like People are rotating through agencies because it's really hard. So let me just. I'm just trying to move. I want to move this out of the way because I have this thing at the top here. So let me move. This is in the way. I just have one laptop, so this is in the way. So Amazon. I don't think he's on, like, 90. 90% of his. Okay, that's so. Yeah. Brad's brother. Yeah. So did Brad refer to his brother? No. Yeah. I work with CPGs only, but no, never happened. They have an agency. I think they have, like, six agencies. Right. Like, he. He's changing agencies and stuff. So, you know, Amazon, though, has not been a focus because most of his business is on their website. So I think, like, 90% of their business is on their website. And he didn't even, like, I think. I think he doesn't even want to be an Amazon because there's the perception for a premium doll when you're on Amazon. Like, it. It denigrates your brand. Right. So they're more expensive. So their Amazon is more expensive. So it's $96 here and Amazon is 106. Right? Yeah. So I don't even know if he wants to be on Amazon, so he may not have a good agency. Oh, who's your contact at wellnext? Who do you interact with? Zilke. Yeah. So you can always ask her because, I mean, she knows Derek really well. Like, you know, you can say, hey, you know, Brad's brother is cuddling kind. Do they. Can she ask if they. If they need an Amazon agency? But it's a low priority. Like, you'll probably hear no, but you can ask, you know, like, just, you know, you're. You're dealing with her, so she's the. She's the most senior person there. But you kind of have to align with this, right? Like, if you want these clients that are spending 50amonth, you're gonna have to figure out, like, what's not working with your pitch deck. And your pitch deck is pretty basic. It just said, hey, we, you know, we target these clients and trust us, we're good. So let's work this through a little bit. Like, I kind of have, you know, word of mouth. LinkedIn. LinkedIn posts LinkedIn ads. Like, it's kind of a LinkedIn strategy, which is posts, ads, and outreach. But that alone, like, you can watch. You can go on TikTok and YouTube and watch a bunch of videos. I'm working on. On that with somebody. Yeah, like that. Right. That Alone, like. And again, they're going to recommend change this, change that, this email. But it's going to come down to, you know, let's read this. Your positioning is your positioning is your positioning. Depending who you work with, they may or may not say the same thing. Okay, so what's this thing here? If Amazon is the primary revenue driver, then they understand it's not a channel, it's a business model. So you do you want like Amazon, you're saying you, they're you. So you basically that sell on Amazon fba, right? Not F, not fb. So you don't want any fbm? No, I don't. Okay. Okay, so that's clear. Let's say that got deleted. Well, it was kind of, you were just kind of saying the same thing, so let's just reword it. So you're saying where Amazon is at least what, 50%? At least. Not really. That's not the requirement. What I mean by the third point is there are some Amazon sellers, like they just want to sell products on Amazon. I don't want that kind of companies to work with. I want to work with brands who just considers Amazon one of their channels. Basically, that's it. Okay. Yeah. So does it matter If Amazon is 20%, 50 or 90%? No, it doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. They should have that mindset. That is just a channel. It's part of the overall strategy. Okay. Okay, Perfect, Perfect. Okay. So. But there's CPG and supplements. Yes. So it's like my buddy William. Right, William. He's in my group here. We have to go to Amazon. He just started this like a year and a half ago and he's like 10 million. But he's doing it himself. But if he weren't doing it himself, you'd want him to hire you. So this is, you know, a thousand, fourteen hundred. This is an old one. This is a competitor, I think. Pure and Constellation. Yeah, yeah. So that's my buddy's William Brand. He does all the Amazon himself. But if you were hiring an agency, this is a good brand for you. Right? Because it's 10 million run rate. And so he sell. I don't know how much he spends. 25% is 2.5. Yeah. He spends 200,000amonth. Right. Probably at 25%. You know, the amount is not a problem. In fact, that gives me more flexibility to work with when the budget is higher. Well, I'm not talking about 1 million dollar a month budget. That's probably another, another level. But. Pardon? I'm saying that budget, it doesn't necessarily have to be below 50,000. I can handle more. In fact, it's probably better if I have. If they have more budget. But also there are players who are at a different league. Probably they're spending more than a million a month on ads. Probably that's a bit different. I don't have experience with that yet. Okay, so then. Okay, five to. Okay, five to. Okay. So you want to go as low as 5,000. That's what we discussed. But I want to go higher than that. That would be better. Because if I want to charge my retainer, the 4K retainer for the full service, they better have a budget of at least 15,000amonth. Yep. Okay, so note they are spending 25% of it. Wow. With five, you know, K per month can be leads, but need to grow and upsell. So, like, we kind of have five strategies up here. Let's come back to this. So your objectives are to get two new clients at 4,000amonth. These are the steps we just said your strategies are word of mouth, LinkedIn, which is probably going to be your most successful strategy. Word of mouth and LinkedIn will be your two then. Yeah, you can upsell your current clients so that they spend more, or you can find new, smaller clients. And then we could just put, you know, other ways to find clients. I don't know. We have to, you know, we have to brainstorm about that. But that's kind of like. Yeah, you know, you're a small little agency of four people. You're good and you're specialized in cpg. So how can you kind of upsell and like word of mouth, like that could be kind of, you know, founders groups. Like that could be me. Right? Founders helping founders. Yeah. And like chfa. Yeah, like I was there. Yeah. Like, it's kind of all connected. But I think you want to improve your pitch a little bit. So this is an internal document. Right. So it's your strategy document. So this you kind of think is your target. Now let's. So here is really important because this, your insight sets up your competitive advantage. So let's reread this a little bit. Okay, so this is not bad. Right. So Amazon was never my primary focus, but I believe it can do much better if I only focused on it. Okay, so that's a good insight. So some clients. That's a good insight because your insights are. Because. Are going to become your LinkedIn ads. Right. So, like, we don't have a lot of time because you only hired Me for a few hours. But one of the ideas is I'm helping you with brand strategy. But what you're doing in positioning feeds your LinkedIn strategy, right? Like your ads to break through, actually, these are your strat. These are your strategies to find. And let's put your strategies to close because that's different, right? There's strategies to find and there's strategies to close. Strategies to close. First of all, you have to find the right. Obviously, you have to be talking to the right target. If you're not talking to the right target, you're wasting your time, right? So we're going to assume that you're talking to the right target. And then you have to have like a very strong pitch tailored to that which you don't have. And then you have to have, like to get to them, you have to have a strong, we'll call it ad outreach campaign. So step one is the same as any other brands. So step one is you say, I exist. This is my brand. I rock. This is my brand. And this is why my brand is right for you. And then they say, okay, you know, and then you have like, you know, book a call. And that process to book a call should go well. And then you have the meeting and you need like a strong pitch that's tailored to your potential client. Right? So this is all kind of the sales funnel. Sales funnel, 101 that's been around for a million years. But whatever we, it's all connected. What we're doing here is saying, what are the pain points that your potential clients have? So your pain points become part of your ad strategy, become part of your outreach campaign. Right? Like, once you're clear on your pain points, you use the same messages. Your positioning is just again and again, who are you going after? What is the problem you're solving that no one has solved for them? Why are you going to solve it better than anybody else? Which is number three here? Our enemy is just 2A. Why are you going to solve it any better? Better? And then what? How. What are you going to do for them? The benefit? And then why should we believe you? The reasons to believe. So you have an insight. So it starts with the insight. You have an insight that, oh, if only focused on it. That's good. Oh, this is a big one. Yeah. So kind of here, like, you're missing. Yeah. So it's kind of like, oh, you know, the summary of this is, you know, my past agencies didn't work out. Right. Like, that's kind of the summary of this, oh by the way, they did this. Blah, blah, blah. Yeah, I do want to discuss about those things with you. Yeah. Okay. Wait, so. So this is kind of a c. So one is, oh, I wonder if I, if I had a good agency, I bet you we could grow. That's true. Oh, my past agencies didn't work out. Okay, so talk to me about this because you have to be careful, like in your ads. Of course, if you go in your ads and you say, you know, you were promised growth, you didn't get it. Right. Like that's a good hook. Right. Like you need hooks but you have to be careful, like you have to deliver. Right. Like, oh, you know, all these other agencies promise you the world. Like we know that. Like in the brand slash agency world, whether it's creative media, Amazon, Facebook, this is, this is our life. All these people are promising us the moon and they suck. But talk to me a little bit about this. Well, so here what I said is I talked about the bad experiences that a client may have and this is based on what I've experienced when I am work even for no sugar company. They never let me go when they hired an agency. Right. Even for ads. So I was the one talking to them and managing that part. So this is based on my experience when I was working with other agencies that they will promise they will showcase the best case studies that they have. They, they will say we have cutting edge tools to do all the things that you want. But in the end it seems like first of all they are not that dedicated. They have too much to handle and it just shows in the result. I mean the growth will not happen. Whenever something goes wrong, they will come up with a bunch of excuses and the bi weekly meetings will probably revolve around the common things. Yeah. We have created these new campaigns. These keywords are not converting so we turn them up. But there is lack of focus on the long term objective. What are you doing to achieve that? Even what is the long term objective? That doesn't seem to be well understood. These are the challenges that I experienced while working with them. Yep. So you know, so either they've never had an agency. Right. Like never had. So we'll just put it in capsule. Either they never had. Okay, that's one problem you're solving. Or they had bad ones or they had good ones. Let's go to number three. They had good ones that they thought, but it still didn't work. Right. Because like it's kind of like with everything, like maybe they had what they thought was a good agency. Like, they don't have complaints around the agency, but it still didn't work. Okay, but those are your three buckets, right? I never spent money. I've only had bad experiences. So prove to me you'll be better. Yeah, I had an agency before. They seem pretty good, but it didn't work, you know, so. Right. Like, those are kind of your three buckets, right. And when you fill this out, like, it's all kind of connected, right? Like, you kind of have. You're doing. You're dealing in sales. You kind of have to have, like, the three rejections, Right. So you have the A, you know, never thought about it. Yeah, never. The B, you know, really bad agencies and the. See, you know, I think I had good agencies, but it didn't work, you know, so that's kind of classic sales. Again, I'm not a sales motivational. All the same thing, right? It's all the same thing. We're working through the same thing together. So now you have. I'm sorry to stop you here. So. But for some, I. I have tried to do outreach, but not too many. Just like 15 people. People out of them. Some of them would say, yes, we have this agency who we are working with now. What can I say after that? That's another. Okay. Okay. Yeah, no, that's a good one. I have a good one. Have a good one. Yeah, have a good one. And I'm happy. So this Tom video, if I can get you the version one. So I don't know how, but he has a. Like, the first question is. Exactly. So he does his presentation with his steps. And I'll. I have all the screenshots. I'll show that to you. And then the first question from the audience is, I have a lawn care business, and I can't seem to break into this neighborhood. What do I do? And he's like, that's the easiest thing in the world, is you go to the best house in the neighborhood, you ring the doorbell and you say, I will give you a full week's worth of landscaping, whatever they're doing for free if you allow me to use your name. So, like, that's like. It comes back to word of mouth. And actually here it's. We'll call it referral. So there's referrals, and then there's just awareness, word of mouth. So this is. Referrals are they've used you and they're really happy, so. Well, I guess there's two. There's. There's also, like your Your, your referrals is someone will give you a personal referral. So like this guy, you know, he goes and does the best house in the neighborhood and then he can use them in his advertising. So guess what? He got the whole neighborhood after that. In your strategy, in your post, you definitely need, you know, five star. We're going to get to your positioning in a second. So. So there's definitely four buckets here. Where's our buckets here? Scroll down a bit. Okay. Yeah, have someone. Right. So that's like biggest. So for each of these you can put them in a chart and we can kind of say I'm doing a bit of both, like positioning. But you kind of have to say, okay, well how am I going to go get these guys? So it all kind of has part of your business plan. But now let's kind of see like I'm the only agency that. So let's, let's look at CPG Edge is okay, the fact that you only are focused in one that's like, that's a reasons to believe. So let me just simplify. You have benefit and then you have RTBs. I'm just going to do bullet points. So I just try to. So RTBS is your focused, your focus on this segment. So that's the RTBs are usually reason to believe. Why your tomatoes, your ingredients are better. You know, you have like a small nimble team. I'll just do bullet points, small nimble and then you can update it. You have a small nimble. You've won XX awards. You've been in business for you know, 22 years. Like. Right. All the stuff, you know, your number one rating and ranking like just these are all the things that are proven to say and then you know, x number of 5 star reviews. Oh and oh by the way, we only focus on this segment but you know, this is the weaker one. We're only focused like you know, you've been in business and this is kind of the, you know, they, they all kind of work together but used by. Clients include. And if you have like big names, clients include big name A, big name B. Right. That's why you kind of see like look, this packaging agency wants my business. So here. Right? So I said well send me your, you know, let's go see your website and send me your case studies. So this is this packaging agency. I'm like okay, Blur bureau. That's their packaging agency. I'm like, okay, now show me your case studies for packaging. Global, blah blah, blah. Oh, we did flingo or Whatever. Okay, so we did. Look, you know, we did all these great brands, so it's all the same, right? They're trying to. Like, their website is really slow. Or maybe my thing is slow, but they're gonna say, like, look how great we are. So I think. So let me see. Maybe my computer. Scrap. Crash, right? Their website is like department of bad Intentions. Like, okay, their website crashed, so they sent me their. Either their website is crashing or. So one of their links is the. Their brand. They. They have two brands that are food brands because, you know, you kind of have to make sure. Okay, so their websites. Either it's my computer, but their website's a disaster. Okay, so we worked with these brands. I don't know any of these brands, but one of them is the one I showed you. Oh, tada. Logos, logos, logos. Look, we have all these logos on our brands. Look, flings, you know, flings is one of their big success stories. Hey, we did flings. Look, look how great this campaign is. Look, this is the brief. Like, you would have the same, right? The brief was to turn around, like, go from 20,000amonth to 200. This was the challenge. Hey, this is the problem the client, you know, slimquik had. And then look how we solved it. Like, their website's a disaster, but it's always the same thing. So you're gonna say my clients include. Oh, my clients include, you know, big name, a, you know, Slim Quick. And this is what I did. So your pitch should have like a little bit of that, right? Like I have. And you, all of these guys know to use old brands. So even if you're not working with them anymore, you kind of have. Hey, you know, I worked on this brand and this is what I did in only three months. So your case studies, like, they're not in your pitch deck. That's why I said your pitch deck is pretty basic, so. Oh, this is like the most important. Like, here's who my current and old clients are. This is what I did. Case study. Case study. Oh, by the way, you know, I have a small nimble team, I. E. I'm cost effective, right? Like, what's the benefit for them? So the benefit here, you kind of have to say, you know, one of the best Amazon agency for CPG to, you know, unlock significant growth. I work with. I don't even know. I haven't looked at their websites. Clear ads. Clear ads. It's these guys. I think they're in the uk. It's clear ads. I don't know if it's dot com, or I don't even know what is that website is. One sec. So let me check. Clear Ads co. So let me see. Clear Ads code. Yeah. Clear Ads co. So there's a lot of Clear Ads. So Clear Ads. But I don't know how good their pitch deck is because all of their clients are word of mouth. Because the guy who left it was the head of. So I don't know where you put your competitors here. We'll just put it here. Competitors, alternatives. There are ton. Yeah, so. Oh, wait, so we want. We. Yeah, there's so many. But you kind of have to figure out. Out. Like, how are you gonna stand out from the clutter? Like, what are you gonna say? Right? Like, don't spend money on ads or content on LinkedIn if you don't do this first. Right. Like, okay, why here? You know, there's all the. Like, the enemy is, you know, other bad agencies or no need to change. Right? Like, those are your kind of two insights. So therefore, however, introducing CPG Edge, you know, it's really hard to say the best, and people don't believe it anyway, but you're basically saying to unlock significant growth, you know, at good value or something. I don't know if you want to have value in your benefit statement, but then you have to prove to them, look, I have all these clients, and this is what I've done. I have a small team. I've won these awards. I'm Rake, you know, like, on fiber. But it doesn't matter, right? They will not care about fiber ratings. Okay? So you have to, like, you have to pull this together a little bit. So what's this? Oh, I take time to understand. Okay. So what you do is good. So your unique process. So all of the agencies say they have unique process. And what you do to be better. Like, what. Why are you so good? Like, what's unique about, like, what you do to be better is you might have, like, a unique process. Like, describe it. Like, just. You kind of have to convince me, your audience, that you're better. Oh, I take the time. Okay. I don't want anyone taking the time. I just. Like, what do you do? Right, you pick. Like, this is too wordy, but basically, you know, make sure you have the right skus. So, you know, it starts with the skus, like the current and what are the issues? You know, you pick the right skus, and then do you do, like a B testing with one? Yeah. Like, you know, just kind of try to make it punchier. Like, this has to Be really short, like you're in the elevator with a client and you have to be able to go through your pitch like all of this should be. You know, just a few words. Here's my ideal target. Then we have to decide off the four. Which one are you going to pick on? So depending which one you pick on is your enemy. Okay. Introducing CPG Edge and one of the best a Amazon to unlock security. Okay, grow. You have my attention now tell me more. Well, I have you know, these three case studies I'd love to take you through but let me explain to you why we're so good at it. Well, number one is we have a unique process. Number two, you know, I don't know like it's not, that's not convincing to me that you have a small team. Like that doesn't. So you understand the policies. Well that's your job. We understand the difference between you know, incremental blah blah blah. That's your job. Okay. You have six years. So here it's six. Where's the number of years? There there been two years. So you just have to kind of put it much tighter. Okay, we've been six. Like all of this is like just. That's just the note that I wanted to leave for you. Yeah like. And are you discounted you think versus like is this true that your benefit rtbs like you're like a great value brand? I think so but it's hard for. I mean I don't know if it will be easy to communicate that with the brands. Whatever I have written here these are, these may be a bit too technical. Yeah like and it's kind of boring like so we're missing. You're missing kind of. I sent you one line on LinkedIn that's something that we could use like you kind of have to tighten all of this up to have like and I have a 12 o' clock. So we're meeting tomorrow right. We didn't decide but we can. Would you like to do in half an hour? Yeah. Where's the line you sent in the end Here? Yeah there on the. That is under quote. Not that last para but the first one and the second one. Yeah. Okay so let me send you back, let me send you back this try to tight all of this stuff up so it's tight, tight, tight and it's all connected. Like maybe tomorrow you show me a little bit what you're doing with LinkedIn. But you really. This is your brand right. Like you're the more you understand your business strategy it'll help you. But then this is kind of like your brand. So you're going to have to, you know, pull together a really good. Like your website and your. Your pitch deck. Website and pitch decks. But first, before you even spend time on that, we have to do it on paper here. Like, what is. I just did it for my brand, right? Because I want a website, so Susie's brand. So I had to do this for my website. So it's. It starts like, let's do another. Maybe we do third. What's tomorrow? Thursday. It's just like, just try to, like, I can pull and I can do some stuff after. We can do a couple more sessions. But you kind of have to first figure out what your brand is, get the materials to be really convincing. But you don't want to try to do that unless you're clear on who your target is and what your business is. So try to update your enemy. Like just tomorrow, let's just put in here some other business cases and who are agencies that are your key competitors. And then let's look at. Just list out. List them out here. There's Amazon Prep is. What's his name. He's posting all the. Yeah, Blair. Let's look at. Blair. Let's look at whatever. Let. Let's look at a couple of your competitors. And we need to tighten all of this up because you can't do an ad campaign or content campaign when you're picking. This deck is not strong enough. I know. Okay, Suzy, so I guess this is. You have to go. I guess so. Here's what I wanted to add. This is based on what I have been doing so far. That doesn't mean this is what I have to continue doing. I can get better at it, right? So that's why I had some questions that are added in the notes section. Maybe we can talk about that too tomorrow. Yeah. They are about understanding the CPG brand's needs and how else I can help them. Not just the normal Amazon stuff. How else can I take advantage of retail media and other online things and help them with other parts of the business? Maybe help them form a online and offline connection somehow? For example, as an example, I have all those things written in the notes section. We can take a look at them. Let's get your pitch much tighter because all that stuff is extra stuff. So let's get your pitch much tighter first. Okay. Okay. Okay. We'll check tomorrow. All right? Okay. Yeah. Okay. Bye now. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Win the proposals and then have an ongoing business. So just put the, put your brand positioning on the screen and we're going to tighten that up a little bit. Sure.

Speaker B: One second.

Speaker A: Right, I'm here.

Speaker B: Can you see my screen?

Speaker A: Yep. Okay, so just between the title and the brand positioning, let's just put your objective. Let's just take a couple of minutes and tell me what your objective is in the next 90 days. What do you want to do? How many new clients do you want? And you want to keep your current client. So go at the top and just write right here. Oh, here. Actually no, let me open it. Let me do it. I'll go quicker. You send it to me, right?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: What's the file? The file. Call again. Oh, I just opened it up in one second. Okay, I'll download it. Let me download it. Yeah, yeah, okay. It'll go quicker if I do it. One chat. Okay. Because we just gotta help pull your business plan together essentially. So here, download. Okay. And let me share my screen. Here, share this, Download. So what's your company's name again?

Speaker B: Cpg edge.

Speaker A: Cpg edge, that's a good name. Okay. Okay, so just tell me what. Let's just like all projects start with whether you do these courses or. You said what your objective is. So what do you want to do in the next 90 days? Like a smart objective, specific, measurable. So in the 90 days, what do you want to do? Like how many new clients do you want and how many clients do you currently have?

Speaker B: Okay, well,

Speaker A: secure

Speaker B: the number of clients. That's a bit tricky because it depends on the deliverables, what I have to do for them. Yeah, but if, let's say if I have to do everything like I do for no sugar company, then probably two at maximum. I cannot take more than that.

Speaker A: Yep. So secure plus two new clients, which is full service.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And set the, you know, 50k per month spend level. So you make how much when they spend 50k or so.

Speaker B: Probably around, let's say in total three to 3,000. In Canadian, let's say 3,500 to 4,000 something around that.

Speaker A: Okay. Per client, right?

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker A: We'll call it like retainer fees or something. Yeah. And then you want to keep your. How many current clients do you have?

Speaker B: I have, I mean on retainer. There are some clients who just wants to consult, wants me to do some one off tasks. But if I just count the retain the clients on retainer, it'll be six clients right now.

Speaker A: Six. Okay, so you have what type of ongoing revenue do you have right now like you have 10k per month or something?

Speaker B: I have around 13 to 14k.

Speaker A: 30,000.

Speaker B: No, 13. One, three.

Speaker A: 13. 13.

Speaker B: 13 to 14,000. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. So you want to go from like 13 to 17?

Speaker B: If 2, then it will probably be more than that. If I can.

Speaker A: Oh, sorry. Yeah. To 21. Okay. Yeah. Perfect. And do you have any employees and expenses or this is all you?

Speaker B: Yes, I. It's a team of three right now.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So three people total? I mean, if you count me in.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So that's a good target. And the last time you got one of these, one of these six clients, like when was the last time you like, do you always have a funnel of rotating clients or has it been a while since you got a client?

Speaker B: Okay, last day you asked me if I want fiber. I am on fiber. So I get. I'm a top rated Fiverr pro there. Now I initiated that. I'm just going to give you a background. I know.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: This is not what you asked. I got started with them when I didn't think of starting an agency. I was on my own.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: Anyway, so that one I got my last client client in in fact just three weeks ago.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: For ads, but very small. I just charge 650 US dollar to that client.

Speaker A: That's okay. Yeah. I mean if you can make the math work that you don't do a lot of work. Like if you have an hourly rate, let's say that, you know, it costs you a company. That why I want to talk about this here because you know, your options are to get, you know, to get like 10 times, you know, $600 a month clients or. Right. Or 2 times 4k a month clients. Right. Like yeah, these 8 times 6 or 10 or 12 times 6.

Speaker B: Well that's a lot to deliver.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's a lot. Or you get smaller guys. 2 times 4008k. But you have to figure out how much hours it takes you to manage these guys. Right. Like you have to figure out your, like this is business planning. Like you have to do your swat, like your business plan. What are your car core competencies? What does your team do? What are you good? What are you not good? Like where can you make the most profit margin? So if you think that getting two bigger clients at about 4,000 is the right place to be. But there's a. This is kind of for you to figure out with your business model and what you have. Do you chase any and all clients? So if you know in the next two weeks. You get three other options on fiber at 600amonth. Do you take them or not? Right. Like this business plan. So here it's kind of like we'll call it business plan. So have you done, like, business planning?

Speaker B: No, not really. Never.

Speaker A: So this is like. Yeah, so this is business planning. And there's a bunch of videos and consultants who do this, and you. You spend $5,000 with them, and they'll give you a model for the business plan and stuff. And maybe later in my life I'm going to do that. But they basically just have templates. But it's the same thing. Like, it's the same thing we're talking is you need a business plan, and it's going to depend on your swat. Right. Your strengths, your weakness, your opportunities. Like, what are you good at? Your competitive advantage. But your brand positioning is your competitive advantage. Right. Like whether you're a brand or a person or an agency. So that's why I started here. Competitive advantage. Now, do you have. Remind me, where is your pitch deck? You have like a pitch deck, right?

Speaker B: Yes, I sent you one with the services.

Speaker A: Okay, I saved it. Let me just look at. Okay, so what I'm just going to copy. Just. Just to have things in one place. I'm just going to copy. That's good. Just so we have it all in one place. So this is basically your positioning right now. But the reason we're talking about it is probably not as strong as it can be, Right?

Speaker B: Correct.

Speaker A: So this is the we're missing kind of why you're special. Okay. So I'm going to put it here on word. It's not ideal, but this is your positioning. But you didn't write the positioning. But you have your PowerPoint, which is your positioning, really. Right. So this is exactly like your positioning is your version of this before meeting. So we're just going to make it a little bit tighter. And let's see if this works. So 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. That looks right. Right. Oh, wait, they're not in the right order. Wait, why are they not in right order? Wait, so your. This one? Yeah, that one's the second one. These are my jars for Costco.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: This is the positioning. Yeah. Costco wants to list my vitamins, so.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Confidentially. Confidentially. So I'm working on that today. So this your second one is the client one. So client one, who we are. Then the third one is operations. Then the third one is who we are. Optimize. I'll fix the formatting. Then operation Is the next one here, then pricing is the next one. Operation fix the formatting. Pricing is the next one. Operation pricing. It's okay. Like, it doesn't have to be like you have a lot of this stuff then digital and advertising. Digital and advertising. Digital and advertising. And then who we work with, you have it up there. Okay, so this is kind of your brand positioning, but is this what you advertise? So when someone reaches out to you on Fiverr, this is what you send them, right?

Speaker B: Not really. They already know the gigs and whatever I have written there, they reach out to me based on that. Then we jump on a call to understand the brand and what I can do.

Speaker A: What do you have on fiber? So I'm going to send you back this, but can you copy in here whatever your, your thing is on fiber just so we have it in one place?

Speaker B: Sure, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, so I'll just kind of. You can put your, your fiber. So copy, copy fiber here. Okay, so so now when you kind of. So we're doing a mini business plan, like rapido. So you want to get two of the bigger clients. Now, are they even on fiber?

Speaker B: I don't think so. I will not get them from.

Speaker A: Yeah, so they're not there. So that's the problem. Right. So let's just try to do objective and strategies. But where are you going to find these guys? Word of mouth probably, right?

Speaker B: That could be one. And I have started LinkedIn content and also outreach. That's what I am starting.

Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I get so many, like, it's crazy every day. I get like 20 different DMS every day

Speaker B: to sell services to you. Yep.

Speaker A: Like every day. Like 20.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Wow. So like fiber can be one of them, but it's kind of like not the right target. Like you'll get smaller gigs. Right. And then you said that you got wellnext. How so? The six that you have right now. Remind me, how did you get the six that you have right now?

Speaker B: Well, most of. I mean apart from no Sugar and Slim Quick, everything's from fiber.

Speaker A: Oh, okay. Okay, well. Okay, well, so it's going to be an evolution and you know, it's going to be an evolution in terms of if you want to transform your company to from like kind of the six active clients that you found on fiber to having much kind of higher quality clients. It's going to be a, a transformation. Like you can't run a marathon tomorrow morning. So here what you can do is upsell. Upsell your upsell, you know, current fiber clients.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: Or find new fiber clients and upsell. But for sure, for sure, you know you, you kind of have to refine your pitch. So when you think about. I'll just do high level strategies. We have to figure out what your. Your swat, you know, your strength. We can do this later. But you definitely want to have this little exercise. You do your strength. This is all kind of business 101. Weaknesses, opportunities and threats. It's all kind of the same thing. I'm listening to this. The founder of the ex founder of Quest and he has master classes. Like it's literally. It's crazy expensive. I'll just show him. Try to watch as many videos as you can from him. But I think he's pretty expensive. It's Tom Belew. I might have closed them.

Speaker B: Impact theory.

Speaker A: I might have closed and I just had a whole bunch of things open. But he, this is his full time job. Like he's looking for clients like you. Right. Like there's so many on TikTok and. And they just want clients like you to pay them to build their business. So what is it? Value. Something like that. Value. Bell you Quest here Bill you so his website so you can watch some of his videos and stuff and check his website. But I'll just show you finding mastery. Okay. So he has a whole team spends like hundreds of thousands of dollars. So definitely get the guide. For me it was totally useless. I filled this in on the weekend. So like oh by the way, you know, you want to change your life, you want to change your company, blah blah blah. Like a bunch of consultants. Right. Like, but I just want you to kind of see like there's so many out there and then. Okay. Unlock the conditions for your team to thrive. Right. You're a small company of four. That's what you want to do. Okay, let's see. Okay. You can do this training, perform at your best. Blah blah blah. Or warrior's edge mindset. I don't know what this is. I don't know. Like I think the one videos I'm watching is finding your best. Then there's some podcasts I can just show you. Like I would listen to a couple of these. Where's all the stuff I got like he has an actual where the frick is his actual program. So it's this. Like he has a step process. Okay. They make it like the, the videos I lit the audiobooks I listen to are a bit. There's one that's really practical. I wasn't able to get the. The practical one. I think I tried to send to you. Yeah, it's really good. And then when you send it, it winds up being something else. So I don't know what, why I think he's changed the links on the back. But look, I'll show like, I'll just show you this podcast and see if he's changed it again. But he, his website doesn't seem to come across. Let me see if he has a new website because I learned he just changed all of his models. So maybe that's what's happening. Let's see. When you click on it on my phone, I kept it and I'm here. Yeah. Okay. It's impact theory. So I think it's a company. Okay, so let's see what happens. Okay, so maybe this works. So impact theory. Okay, give me two seconds. I'm just going to check the one I have open because the one I have open has like business plan swap. Like it's really, really practical. And I don't, you know, I don't have time to. I'm going to do this later. I'm going to do like the Suzie versus here. How to scale your business. Oh, okay, okay. So I didn't click on the one. It's how to scale your business. So the one that applies to you is how to scale your business. And it's here. So he has like three different things going. Like he's like a good multi level marketer guy. How to scale your business. Let me see, let me see. Here, here, here, here. It's a link. So how to scale your business is good here. This guy. Now the problem is this one goes to number two and I don't want number two, I want number one. So I'm going to put this on the page. But number two doesn't really work.

Speaker B: So I watched it, the video that. Yeah, you send me this video.

Speaker A: Like it's like number two is too theoretical. But I don't know if we can get number one. Like I think he's hiding number one. Number one is much, much better. Yeah, it just brings you back here. So I have number one on my phone. But I'm going to summarize it. I'm going to summarize it because I have all the screenshots. But this is kind of what you want, right? Building a billion dollar brand or blah blah, blah. He. This is all like high level stuff. But this, the basics behind it is problem solving. Identify your niche, identify your target. Come up with a plan to go after your target. Have hypotheses of the plan to go after your target. Go after the target. What did you learn? Did it work? Did it fail? Repeat, repeat, repeat, repeat, repeat. So that's his, like, scale your thing. So we kind of have the same thing here where, you know, it starts with your target. Like, you want you. You're clear, your objective is clear. And his podcast says, you know, you got to get your objective clear. So your objective is clear. You can kind of do all of these kind of business assessments. What are you good at? What are your weaknesses? That, what are some threats, you know, like, you know, many, many competitors, you know, that offer the same service, Same service. One of your opportunities is to find, like, you know, there are the brands out there. But how do you find the brands? Like, the same as when you're doing marketing for these companies. You want to find their target to buy their stuff, but you have the same problem, like, how do you find the brands and companies that you're a good fit for? So a lot of these, like, master classes, they'll give you the steps, but the steps is always kind of the same thing. Step one is you articulate your goal, which we did, right? You articulate your goal or t articulate your objective. Your goal, we call it objective in the business plan, like 30, 60, 90 days, and then the how you're going to go about it. Then you identify the barriers, like why you know, if you know where you're going and how your objective and strategies, like, why are you not going there? Like, what are the things that are happening? So then you come up with new hypotheses. Okay, well, now there's new stuff going on. Then you test them, right? Like, okay, one hypothesis is those type of clients are not on fiber, so I need to go on LinkedIn and do ads. Okay, well, let's play that out. So you have new hypotheses. You play them out, right? Like, you kind of say, okay, like, how would it work? How much would it cost, how long would it take, who would I get, etc. Etc. Then you test some of them. You actually execute and say, okay, let me do this. Let's see what happens. Then you learn and then you change. You, you know, you evolve your strategies. So it's, it's the same. All of these consultants, his words are bigger and stuff, but it's kind of the same thing. And it's the same thing with a brand, right? Like, the brand is not growing. The difference with a brand is most of the time the problem is in your positioning. So let's talk a Little bit about how you're going to break from this, break out from the clutter. Because, you know, you may have, you know, like, you, you may have great, you know, solid, you know, staff. You may have like a proven model to, you know, grow cpg. Like, I don't know, you might, you know, you, you might be really good at it. You might be really bad at it, right? Like, I don't know. Right. Like you have to kind of do a little bit of your work on your swat. But, you know, opportunity is awareness. Like nobody knows, right? So that's, nobody knows about you. That's an opportunity. Another opportunity, which is kind of the same is how do I find these brands, right? Like, I'm really good, I gotta find these brands. So a lot of these consultants help with that. Oh, wait a minute. There's lots and lots of competitors. And the weakness is, you know, low budget, let's say, to drive awareness. And the other thing I would say is you're pretty small as an agency, so you're competing against agencies that send, you know, that send like $50,000 pitch decks, right? So I don't know what you send on fiber, but this to me, If I'm spending 50,000amonth, this pitch deck doesn't convince me as much. It's kind of low end, right? Like, yeah, so you may have a disconnect that you want to get, you know, you want to get these bigger clients, but your materials, you know, you're kind of marketing materials and your pitch don't match, don't line up right now. They don't line up with, with your client, target.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Like, because you're dealing with sophisticated, someone who's spending 50amonth, they'll be pretty sophisticated. And my, my last client, he had six agencies and he hired me just to do kind of the CMO stuff. So I wasn't like, I'm obviously not an Amazon agency. So he was hiring these back and forth, six agencies that he tested because he was spending about a million a month, between 500 and a million a month. And he said, you know, he fired all of them now. So he's been at it for seven years and he's, he's, he hasn't found some that's worth it for him. So he's like a good client. If he spends 500 to a million, his brand name is. I don't think he's on Amazon though. He's on Meta Ads. But like it's hard to find a good agency. So there's definitely, yeah, like People are rotating through agencies because it's really hard. So let me just. I'm just trying to move. I want to move this out of the way because I have this thing at the top here. So let me move. This is in the way. I just have one laptop, so this is in the way. So Amazon. I don't think he's on, like, 90. 90% of his. Okay, that's so. Yeah. Brad's brother.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So did Brad refer to his brother?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: I work with CPGs only, but no, never happened. They have an agency.

Speaker A: I think they have, like, six agencies. Right. Like, he. He's changing agencies and stuff. So, you know, Amazon, though, has not been a focus because most of his business is on their website. So I think, like, 90% of their business is on their website. And he didn't even, like, I think. I think he doesn't even want to be an Amazon because there's the perception for a premium doll when you're on Amazon. Like, it. It denigrates your brand. Right. So they're more expensive. So their Amazon is more expensive. So it's $96 here and Amazon is 106. Right? Yeah. So I don't even know if he wants to be on Amazon, so he may not have a good agency. Oh, who's your contact at wellnext? Who do you interact with?

Speaker B: Zilke.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you can always ask her because, I mean, she knows Derek really well. Like, you know, you can say, hey, you know, Brad's brother is cuddling kind. Do they. Can she ask if they. If they need an Amazon agency? But it's a low priority. Like, you'll probably hear no, but you can ask, you know, like, just, you know, you're. You're dealing with her, so she's the. She's the most senior person there. But you kind of have to align with this, right? Like, if you want these clients that are spending 50amonth, you're gonna have to figure out, like, what's not working with your pitch deck. And your pitch deck is pretty basic. It just said, hey, we, you know, we target these clients and trust us, we're good. So let's work this through a little bit. Like, I kind of have, you know, word of mouth. LinkedIn. LinkedIn posts LinkedIn ads. Like, it's kind of a LinkedIn strategy, which is posts, ads, and outreach. But that alone, like, you can watch. You can go on TikTok and YouTube and watch a bunch of videos.

Speaker B: I'm working on. On that with somebody.

Speaker A: Yeah, like that. Right. That Alone, like. And again, they're going to recommend change this, change that, this email. But it's going to come down to, you know, let's read this. Your positioning is your positioning is your positioning. Depending who you work with, they may or may not say the same thing. Okay, so what's this thing here? If Amazon is the primary revenue driver, then they understand it's not a channel, it's a business model. So you do you want like Amazon, you're saying you, they're you. So you basically that sell on Amazon fba, right? Not F, not fb. So you don't want any fbm?

Speaker B: No, I don't.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay, so that's clear. Let's say that got deleted. Well, it was kind of, you were just kind of saying the same thing, so let's just reword it. So you're saying where Amazon is at least what, 50%? At least.

Speaker B: Not really. That's not the requirement. What I mean by the third point is there are some Amazon sellers, like they just want to sell products on Amazon. I don't want that kind of companies to work with. I want to work with brands who just considers Amazon one of their channels. Basically, that's it.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So does it matter If Amazon is 20%, 50 or 90%?

Speaker B: No, it doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. They should have that mindset. That is just a channel. It's part of the overall strategy.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay, Perfect, Perfect. Okay. So. But there's CPG and supplements.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So it's like my buddy William. Right, William. He's in my group here. We have to go to Amazon. He just started this like a year and a half ago and he's like 10 million. But he's doing it himself. But if he weren't doing it himself, you'd want him to hire you. So this is, you know, a thousand, fourteen hundred. This is an old one. This is a competitor, I think.

Speaker B: Pure and Constellation.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So that's my buddy's William Brand. He does all the Amazon himself. But if you were hiring an agency, this is a good brand for you. Right? Because it's 10 million run rate. And so he sell. I don't know how much he spends. 25% is 2.5. Yeah. He spends 200,000amonth. Right. Probably at 25%.

Speaker B: You know, the amount is not a problem. In fact, that gives me more flexibility to work with when the budget is higher. Well, I'm not talking about 1 million dollar a month budget. That's probably another, another level. But.

Speaker A: Pardon?

Speaker B: I'm saying that budget, it doesn't necessarily have to be below 50,000. I can handle more. In fact, it's probably better if I have. If they have more budget. But also there are players who are at a different league. Probably they're spending more than a million a month on ads. Probably that's a bit different. I don't have experience with that yet.

Speaker A: Okay, so then. Okay, five to. Okay, five to. Okay. So you want to go as low as 5,000.

Speaker B: That's what we discussed. But I want to go higher than that. That would be better. Because if I want to charge my retainer, the 4K retainer for the full service, they better have a budget of at least 15,000amonth.

Speaker A: Yep. Okay, so note they are spending 25% of it. Wow. With five, you know, K per month can be leads, but need to grow and upsell. So, like, we kind of have five strategies up here. Let's come back to this. So your objectives are to get two new clients at 4,000amonth. These are the steps we just said your strategies are word of mouth, LinkedIn, which is probably going to be your most successful strategy. Word of mouth and LinkedIn will be your two then. Yeah, you can upsell your current clients so that they spend more, or you can find new, smaller clients. And then we could just put, you know, other ways to find clients. I don't know. We have to, you know, we have to brainstorm about that. But that's kind of like. Yeah, you know, you're a small little agency of four people. You're good and you're specialized in cpg. So how can you kind of upsell and like word of mouth, like that could be kind of, you know, founders groups. Like that could be me. Right? Founders helping founders.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And like chfa.

Speaker B: Yeah, like I was there.

Speaker A: Yeah. Like, it's kind of all connected. But I think you want to improve your pitch a little bit. So this is an internal document. Right. So it's your strategy document. So this you kind of think is your target. Now let's. So here is really important because this, your insight sets up your competitive advantage. So let's reread this a little bit. Okay, so this is not bad. Right. So Amazon was never my primary focus, but I believe it can do much better if I only focused on it. Okay, so that's a good insight. So some clients. That's a good insight because your insights are. Because. Are going to become your LinkedIn ads. Right. So, like, we don't have a lot of time because you only hired Me for a few hours. But one of the ideas is I'm helping you with brand strategy. But what you're doing in positioning feeds your LinkedIn strategy, right? Like your ads to break through, actually, these are your strat. These are your strategies to find. And let's put your strategies to close because that's different, right? There's strategies to find and there's strategies to close. Strategies to close. First of all, you have to find the right. Obviously, you have to be talking to the right target. If you're not talking to the right target, you're wasting your time, right? So we're going to assume that you're talking to the right target. And then you have to have like a very strong pitch tailored to that which you don't have. And then you have to have, like to get to them, you have to have a strong, we'll call it ad outreach campaign. So step one is the same as any other brands. So step one is you say, I exist. This is my brand. I rock. This is my brand. And this is why my brand is right for you. And then they say, okay, you know, and then you have like, you know, book a call. And that process to book a call should go well. And then you have the meeting and you need like a strong pitch that's tailored to your potential client. Right? So this is all kind of the sales funnel. Sales funnel, 101 that's been around for a million years. But whatever we, it's all connected. What we're doing here is saying, what are the pain points that your potential clients have? So your pain points become part of your ad strategy, become part of your outreach campaign. Right? Like, once you're clear on your pain points, you use the same messages. Your positioning is just again and again, who are you going after? What is the problem you're solving that no one has solved for them? Why are you going to solve it better than anybody else? Which is number three here? Our enemy is just 2A. Why are you going to solve it any better? Better? And then what? How. What are you going to do for them? The benefit? And then why should we believe you? The reasons to believe. So you have an insight. So it starts with the insight. You have an insight that, oh, if only focused on it. That's good. Oh,

Speaker B: this is a big one.

Speaker A: Yeah. So kind of here, like, you're missing. Yeah. So it's kind of like, oh, you know, the summary of this is, you know, my past agencies didn't work out. Right. Like, that's kind of the summary of this, oh by the way, they did this. Blah, blah, blah.

Speaker B: Yeah, I do want to discuss about those things with you.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Wait, so. So this is kind of a c. So one is, oh, I wonder if I, if I had a good agency, I bet you we could grow. That's true. Oh, my past agencies didn't work out. Okay, so talk to me about this because you have to be careful, like in your ads. Of course, if you go in your ads and you say, you know, you were promised growth, you didn't get it. Right. Like that's a good hook. Right. Like you need hooks but you have to be careful, like you have to deliver. Right. Like, oh, you know, all these other agencies promise you the world. Like we know that. Like in the brand slash agency world, whether it's creative media, Amazon, Facebook, this is, this is our life. All these people are promising us the moon and they suck. But talk to me a little bit about this.

Speaker B: Well, so here what I said is I talked about the bad experiences that a client may have and this is based on what I've experienced when I am work even for no sugar company. They never let me go when they hired an agency. Right. Even for ads. So I was the one talking to them and managing that part. So this is based on my experience when I was working with other agencies that they will promise they will showcase the best case studies that they have. They, they will say we have cutting edge tools to do all the things that you want. But in the end it seems like first of all they are not that dedicated. They have too much to handle and it just shows in the result. I mean the growth will not happen. Whenever something goes wrong, they will come up with a bunch of excuses and the bi weekly meetings will probably revolve around the common things. Yeah. We have created these new campaigns. These keywords are not converting so we turn them up. But there is lack of focus on the long term objective. What are you doing to achieve that? Even what is the long term objective? That doesn't seem to be well understood. These are the challenges that I experienced while working with them.

Speaker A: Yep. So you know, so either they've never had an agency. Right. Like never had. So we'll just put it in capsule. Either they never had. Okay, that's one problem you're solving. Or they had bad ones or they had good ones. Let's go to number three. They had good ones that they thought, but it still didn't work. Right. Because like it's kind of like with everything, like maybe they had what they thought was a good agency. Like, they don't have complaints around the agency, but it still didn't work.

Speaker B: Okay,

Speaker A: but those are your three buckets, right? I never spent money. I've only had bad experiences. So prove to me you'll be better. Yeah, I had an agency before. They seem pretty good, but it didn't work, you know, so. Right. Like, those are kind of your three buckets, right. And when you fill this out, like, it's all kind of connected, right? Like, you kind of have. You're doing. You're dealing in sales. You kind of have to have, like, the three rejections, Right. So you have the A, you know, never thought about it. Yeah, never. The B, you know, really bad agencies and the. See, you know, I think I had good agencies, but it didn't work, you know, so that's kind of classic sales. Again, I'm not a sales motivational. All the same thing, right? It's all the same thing. We're working through the same thing together. So now you have.

Speaker B: I'm sorry to stop you here. So. But for some, I. I have tried to do outreach, but not too many. Just like 15 people. People out of them. Some of them would say, yes, we have this agency who we are working with now. What can I say after that? That's another.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Yeah, no, that's a good one. I have a good one. Have a good one. Yeah, have a good one. And I'm happy. So this Tom video, if I can get you the version one. So I don't know how, but he has a. Like, the first question is. Exactly. So he does his presentation with his steps. And I'll. I have all the screenshots. I'll show that to you. And then the first question from the audience is, I have a lawn care business, and I can't seem to break into this neighborhood. What do I do? And he's like, that's the easiest thing in the world, is you go to the best house in the neighborhood, you ring the doorbell and you say, I will give you a full week's worth of landscaping, whatever they're doing for free if you allow me to use your name. So, like, that's like. It comes back to word of mouth. And actually here it's. We'll call it referral. So there's referrals, and then there's just awareness, word of mouth. So this is. Referrals are they've used you and they're really happy, so. Well, I guess there's two. There's. There's also, like your Your, your referrals is someone will give you a personal referral. So like this guy, you know, he goes and does the best house in the neighborhood and then he can use them in his advertising. So guess what? He got the whole neighborhood after that. In your strategy, in your post, you definitely need, you know, five star. We're going to get to your positioning in a second. So. So there's definitely four buckets here. Where's our buckets here?

Speaker B: Scroll down a bit. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, have someone. Right. So that's like biggest. So for each of these you can put them in a chart and we can kind of say I'm doing a bit of both, like positioning. But you kind of have to say, okay, well how am I going to go get these guys? So it all kind of has part of your business plan. But now let's kind of see like I'm the only agency that. So let's, let's look at CPG Edge is okay, the fact that you only are focused in one that's like, that's a reasons to believe. So let me just simplify. You have benefit and then you have RTBs. I'm just going to do bullet points. So I just try to. So RTBS is your focused, your focus on this segment. So that's the RTBs are usually reason to believe. Why your tomatoes, your ingredients are better. You know, you have like a small nimble team. I'll just do bullet points, small nimble and then you can update it. You have a small nimble. You've won XX awards. You've been in business for you know, 22 years. Like. Right. All the stuff, you know, your number one rating and ranking like just these are all the things that are proven to say and then you know, x number of 5 star reviews. Oh and oh by the way, we only focus on this segment but you know, this is the weaker one. We're only focused like you know, you've been in business and this is kind of the, you know, they, they all kind of work together but used by. Clients include. And if you have like big names, clients include big name A, big name B. Right. That's why you kind of see like look, this packaging agency wants my business. So here. Right? So I said well send me your, you know, let's go see your website and send me your case studies. So this is this packaging agency. I'm like okay, Blur bureau. That's their packaging agency. I'm like, okay, now show me your case studies for packaging. Global, blah blah, blah. Oh, we did flingo or Whatever. Okay, so we did. Look, you know, we did all these great brands, so it's all the same, right? They're trying to. Like, their website is really slow. Or maybe my thing is slow, but they're gonna say, like, look how great we are. So I think. So let me see. Maybe my computer. Scrap. Crash, right? Their website is like department of bad Intentions. Like, okay, their website crashed, so they sent me their. Either their website is crashing or. So one of their links is the. Their brand. They. They have two brands that are food brands because, you know, you kind of have to make sure. Okay, so their websites. Either it's my computer, but their website's a disaster. Okay, so we worked with these brands. I don't know any of these brands, but one of them is the one I showed you. Oh, tada. Logos, logos, logos. Look, we have all these logos on our brands. Look, flings, you know, flings is one of their big success stories. Hey, we did flings. Look, look how great this campaign is. Look, this is the brief. Like, you would have the same, right? The brief was to turn around, like, go from 20,000amonth to 200. This was the challenge. Hey, this is the problem the client, you know, slimquik had. And then look how we solved it. Like, their website's a disaster, but it's always the same thing. So you're gonna say my clients include. Oh, my clients include, you know, big name, a, you know, Slim Quick. And this is what I did. So your pitch should have like a little bit of that, right? Like I have. And you, all of these guys know to use old brands. So even if you're not working with them anymore, you kind of have. Hey, you know, I worked on this brand and this is what I did in only three months. So your case studies, like, they're not in your pitch deck. That's why I said your pitch deck is pretty basic, so. Oh, this is like the most important. Like, here's who my current and old clients are. This is what I did. Case study. Case study. Oh, by the way, you know, I have a small nimble team, I. E. I'm cost effective, right? Like, what's the benefit for them? So the benefit here, you kind of have to say, you know, one of the best Amazon agency for CPG to, you know, unlock significant growth. I work with. I don't even know. I haven't looked at their websites. Clear ads. Clear ads. It's these guys. I think they're in the uk. It's clear ads. I don't know if it's dot com, or I don't even know what is that website is. One sec. So let me check. Clear Ads co. So let me see. Clear Ads code. Yeah. Clear Ads co. So there's a lot of Clear Ads. So Clear Ads. But I don't know how good their pitch deck is because all of their clients are word of mouth. Because the guy who left it was the head of. So I don't know where you put your competitors here. We'll just put it here. Competitors, alternatives.

Speaker B: There are ton.

Speaker A: Yeah, so. Oh, wait, so we want. We. Yeah, there's so many. But you kind of have to figure out. Out. Like, how are you gonna stand out from the clutter? Like, what are you gonna say? Right? Like, don't spend money on ads or content on LinkedIn if you don't do this first. Right. Like, okay, why here? You know, there's all the. Like, the enemy is, you know, other bad agencies or no need to change. Right? Like, those are your kind of two insights. So therefore, however, introducing CPG Edge, you know, it's really hard to say the best, and people don't believe it anyway, but you're basically saying to unlock significant growth, you know, at good value or something. I don't know if you want to have value in your benefit statement, but then you have to prove to them, look, I have all these clients, and this is what I've done. I have a small team. I've won these awards. I'm Rake, you know, like, on fiber. But it doesn't matter, right?

Speaker B: They will not care about fiber ratings.

Speaker A: Okay? So you have to, like, you have to pull this together a little bit. So what's this? Oh, I take time to understand. Okay. So what you do is good. So your unique process. So all of the agencies say they have unique process. And what you do to be better. Like, what. Why are you so good? Like, what's unique about, like, what you do to be better is you might have, like, a unique process. Like, describe it. Like, just. You kind of have to convince me, your audience, that you're better. Oh, I take the time. Okay. I don't want anyone taking the time. I just. Like, what do you do? Right, you pick. Like, this is too wordy, but basically, you know, make sure you have the right skus. So, you know, it starts with the skus, like the current and what are the issues? You know, you pick the right skus, and then do you do, like a B testing with one? Yeah. Like, you know, just kind of try to make it punchier. Like, this has to Be really short, like you're in the elevator with a client and you have to be able to go through your pitch like all of this should be. You know, just a few words. Here's my ideal target. Then we have to decide off the four. Which one are you going to pick on? So depending which one you pick on is your enemy. Okay. Introducing CPG Edge and one of the best a Amazon to unlock security. Okay, grow. You have my attention now tell me more. Well, I have you know, these three case studies I'd love to take you through but let me explain to you why we're so good at it. Well, number one is we have a unique process. Number two, you know, I don't know like it's not, that's not convincing to me that you have a small team. Like that doesn't. So you understand the policies. Well that's your job. We understand the difference between you know, incremental blah blah blah. That's your job. Okay. You have six years. So here it's six. Where's the number of years?

Speaker B: There there been two years.

Speaker A: So you just have to kind of put it much tighter. Okay, we've been six. Like all of this is like just.

Speaker B: That's just the note that I wanted to leave for you.

Speaker A: Yeah like. And are you discounted you think versus like is this true that your benefit rtbs like you're like a great value brand?

Speaker B: I think so but it's hard for. I mean I don't know if it will be easy to communicate that with the brands. Whatever I have written here these are, these may be a bit too technical.

Speaker A: Yeah like and it's kind of boring like so we're missing. You're missing kind of.

Speaker B: I sent you one line on LinkedIn that's something that we could use

Speaker A: like you kind of have to tighten all of this up to have like and I have a 12 o' clock. So we're meeting tomorrow right.

Speaker B: We didn't decide but we can. Would you like to do in half an hour?

Speaker A: Yeah. Where's the line you sent in the end Here?

Speaker B: Yeah there on the. That is under quote. Not that last para but the first one and the second one. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay so let me send you back, let me send you back this try to tight all of this stuff up so it's tight, tight, tight and it's all connected. Like maybe tomorrow you show me a little bit what you're doing with LinkedIn. But you really. This is your brand right. Like you're the more you understand your business strategy it'll help you. But then this is kind of like your brand. So you're going to have to, you know, pull together a really good. Like your website and your. Your pitch deck. Website and pitch decks. But first, before you even spend time on that, we have to do it on paper here. Like, what is. I just did it for my brand, right? Because I want a website, so Susie's brand. So I had to do this for my website. So it's. It starts like, let's do another. Maybe we do third. What's tomorrow? Thursday. It's just like, just try to, like, I can pull and I can do some stuff after. We can do a couple more sessions. But you kind of have to first figure out what your brand is, get the materials to be really convincing. But you don't want to try to do that unless you're clear on who your target is and what your business is. So try to update your enemy. Like just tomorrow, let's just put in here some other business cases and who are agencies that are your key competitors. And then let's look at. Just list out. List them out here. There's Amazon Prep is. What's his name. He's posting all the.

Speaker B: Yeah, Blair.

Speaker A: Let's look at. Blair. Let's look at whatever.

Speaker B: Let.

Speaker A: Let's look at a couple of your competitors. And we need to tighten all of this up because you can't do an ad campaign or content campaign when you're picking. This deck is not strong enough.

Speaker B: I know. Okay, Suzy, so I guess this is. You have to go. I guess so. Here's what I wanted to add. This is based on what I have been doing so far. That doesn't mean this is what I have to continue doing. I can get better at it, right? So that's why I had some questions that are added in the notes section. Maybe we can talk about that too tomorrow. Yeah. They are about understanding the CPG brand's needs and how else I can help them. Not just the normal Amazon stuff. How else can I take advantage of retail media and other online things and help them with other parts of the business? Maybe help them form a online and offline connection somehow? For example, as an example, I have all those things written in the notes section. We can take a look at them.

Speaker A: Let's get your pitch much tighter because all that stuff is extra stuff. So let's get your pitch much tighter first.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. We'll check tomorrow.

Speaker B: All right?

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Bye now.

Speaker A: Bye.

