Transcript for: Recording__1142.mp4
Title: Recording #1142
============================================================

First. Okay. In Toronto. Yeah. And what happens at this event is all CPG companies, whether they're in snacks or food or let's say dietary supplements, personal care products, they attend here in order for to meet retailers. That's the goal right now. They don't want to be pitched at the event, but. Well, that's why. That's why I have to. That's what I have to figure out, like how we can do it. Yeah, I'm going there with one of the. One of my clients. Okay. Now you can say all of the brands that will be attending that event are my ICPs. Like, are in my ICP. Yeah. Okay. So not all. I mean, some of them are not. Cannot be sold on Amazon, so probably not them, but they can still sell on Instacart. So that's another service that I provide. Yeah, you can say most of them. So now the question is what do I do or how do I talk to them so that it looks natural because they don't want to be pitched in the first place. And what should the funnel look like? So I have a couple of questions before I give you, really the strategy around this one is this conference they're going to. Do you know how many people are going to be there? Well, I can see. I haven't. I have a list of attendees. Oh, you do? And yeah, yeah, I can share my screen and show you, actually. Do you have their phone numbers, emails and everything? I have the company names. That's all. You have the company name? Yes. Do you have the domain on it? No, but I can look for them. It's easy to find. Right. If you just Google them, you can find them. Okay. The reason why I ask is because I can help you pull list of their. Their emails and I would assume you already have like instantly or stuff like that. Right. I am not currently using instantly, but I get it. I mean, I can definitely subscribe. You have like an email sequencer. I'm not doing anything, Max. That's my problem. I see. Okay. Well, I think first things first, September 20th to 21st. So that means you have around three to four weeks to actually get this up and running. One of the first things I would do is I would connect with everybody on LinkedIn and literally just say, hey, I'm going to be a chfa. Looking forward to meeting you there. That's it. You're just putting it out there and that's it. Like you're not doing any sort of pitch. Right, Right. And then second tier to that is you basically want to ask questions within the sequence. So I guess my question is like, do you have a LinkedIn sequencer right now as well or no? Well, all I do right now is send automated connection. So I have a list of connect people that I want to connect with and then it sends 30 requests every day. That's what I do. Okay. And these connection requests are empty, like there's no connection message. Okay, great, great. So you are following the best practice essentially with LinkedIn sequencing. The whole point is just to start a conversation. So for example, what I would do is to send an empty connection request and then my first message is going to look something like, hey, I saw that you guys are going to chfa. Maybe I'll see you around there. Stop right there. And then one week prior to the conference I'll send out another automated message and be like, hey, I'm just curious, I see that you guys run a CPG company. Is there any sort of intros I can potentially facilitate as chfa just to get the conversation going right? And then once they tell you, yes, I'm trying to get referred to this particular client, then you can just be like, oh, okay, is there a particular reason why you want to talk to them? And then you can start doing discovery. You build trust at the event. Now you can hit them up and actually have a very solid conversation. But then again, not pitching anything, you're just having a conversation. I'll talk about shipping your service later. But does that make sense so far? Just with the LinkedIn? Yes, it makes sense. Now the question would be you. You suggested that I. The one question that I question that I can ask is who they're trying to connect with. Right, but they are trying to connect with retailers and I'm not in a position to connect them with any of the retailers. I understand. The key here is to just start the conversation. It doesn't always have to be about what you do, it's just about doing discovery. Right? Like understanding what is their priority. Why do they want to get in touch with Walmart? Why do they want to get in touch with all these guys? And then because, I mean from your perspective it's probably like am I cheating? Right? Like why am I asking about this? But then again, you're just prompting a response. You are just trying to get a conversation started to build trust slowly. But when you get to the conference that's a different story. So it's like there's pre conference warm up, there's what you should do during the conference and then post conference outreach, right? So I'm going to walk through those three steps with you. Email sequence. You probably don't have to run it, but if you were to run it, you're using the exact same strategy. It's like, hey, I'm also going to this particular event, hoping to see you there. I'm curious what's bringing you to this particular event? Is there any sort of retailers that maybe I can facilitate an intro to, stuff like that? Yeah, so that's kind of the pre conference outreach. But do you know how many leads you've got on that list? Well, There are about 980 plus names. All of them are not brands, Some of them are service providers, some of them are probably distributors. So you can say almost 900, 800 to 900 brands. Okay, 800 to 900 brands. And. The next thing is when you do get to that conference, like I'm assuming they have like booths and stuff like that, right? Yeah. Okay. And they're all CPG companies. Like are they just food or are we talking like any sort of cpg? They're full. Any sort of cpg. So a full dietary supplement, personal care brand, anything. I see. Is there a particular industry that you work best with or is it just everyone? Well, so far I have worked with these three that I mentioned. Food and snacks and dietary supplements and personal care brands. These three okay. Covers most of them. Is there any particular industry where you'd be able to bring the most value, facilitate the most interest intros? I cannot, I mean if you talk about intros, I literally don't know any buyers that I can introduce them to. So. Okay, no worries. What I'm trying to figure out here is the strategy when you do get to that event. How do you open up a conversation without being, you know, being first and then being a taker? Right. So you know, other than all the stuff that you can do on Amazon, Instacart and stuff like that, is there any sort of value that you can bring to the table? Well, I'm trying to think, you know what, I know somebody, she is a cmo, quite well known in the industry and she has a group, it's called Founders Helping Founders, all for cpg. So I'm, I'm not sure if, I mean, I'm not sure if all brands there would want to join that kind of group. Of course, the support group, but I can promote that group. That will be helpful for the cmo. Her name is Suzy, so she would also like that. And I'm not sure if everybody would be interested. That's something I need to think about or to taste. Yeah, 100. Maybe I'll tell you a little bit about my story of, you know, going to Collision and you know, the jamarcon in Florida. Like at my highest, I was able to book 50 meetings just by walking all around the actual conference floor. And then I would, you know, just show up and be interested in their product. Right. It's like, oh, okay, I, I see that you guys are in the, you know, project management space for transportation specifically, you know, and then I'll try to understand a little bit more about why they're coming into this conference. Just start the conversation that way. How long have they been in business? You know, how are they doing? Essentially you're starting a conversation but keeping it at a super high level, acting as if you're curious. And until they ask about what you do, you don't actually pitch anything. You're just having a conversation with them. You know, rapid fire, five minutes. People like to talk about themselves, so let them talk. And then during your discovery you want to understand, oh, okay, are you guys selling it on Amazon right now? Are you selling into insert card right now? Are you just, you know, trying to go B2B selling to all retailers? Are you doing any B2C stuff? Are you on Shopify? How much are you spending on ads today? Like you can do very subtle discovery that way. Like obviously don't ask about like what's their cost per acquisition because that's a bit too, too deep. And then one of my favorite questions to ask is always like, what is Your biggest challenge? 9 out of 10 times they're going to tell you is revenue and that right there is your hook. It's like I work with CPG brands, get them onto Amazon, get them consistent sales, basically opening up the another channel for you. Like, I mean, have you tried to do Amazon before? I didn't work. If you've tried it before, you know, stuff like that, you pause, you're gonna start doing discovery though. And then obviously before you leave, the biggest thing is to get them on your calendar at the conference. You don't save their LinkedIn profile URL. You don't ask them to connect with you on LinkedIn. You don't ask them to send you an email. You book the meeting right on the spot. You'll be like, oh, okay, would you be interested in kind of exploring further? Just with 30 minute call and then you pull up your phone. How would 2:00pm Eastern Time work for you on Thursday next week? Get their email, shake their hand Go to the next one, rinse and repeat the entire process. Right. Let's do a quick role play right now. Right. Like I'll act, I'll act as Soham and then you'll act as the prospect. So let's just say you are a. You're selling blender bottles. Like, you know, the gym blender bottles. So I'm gonna come up and be like, hey, so I'm. How's it going? It's. It's Max Wu here. Well, it's going well. Max, how are you? Good. Yeah, I see that you guys have got some pretty sick blender bottles over here. I mean, what brought you this conference? What is that? Sorry. Brought you to this conference today? Well, just trying to get some awareness going and also possibly meet some retailers. Some awareness. Some retailers. Interesting. I mean, when did you even start this business? Like, these blender bottles look pretty cool. Well, it's been a while, like three years. The first year or a year and a half went into product development. Now we are still kind of at the early stage going, just getting started with marketing and stuff. Beautiful. I mean, when you first started, did you target mostly gyms or like how did you go to market in the first place? Well, first we, we were prioritizing online, so Shopify and also social. Social for our medias. That's how we got started. Yeah. Trying to get into retail now. Yeah. You know what, this actually reminds me so on. I actually am friends with a CMO at a pretty big enterprise. They have a group chat called Founders Helping founders and the entire community are full of CPG founders. Maybe they can actually facilitate some intros as you've said. You know, you're targeting more retailers. Can I make the intro? Oh, okay, great. Yeah. I mean, here's the website URL. I'll send it over to you. But you know, just out of curiosity, you mentioned that, you know, you're obviously trying to stand up marketing for the first time. Like, are you just going after B2B completely or do you have a B2C arm today? Well, we got started with B2C, Shopify and Social. So direct to consumer. And B2B is something that we're just getting started right now. Right, right. I mean, with Shopify you probably have a bunch of logistics partners. But I mean, have you thought about, are you, have you tried to use Amazon as another potential channel? Well, we have thought about it, but I think Amazon may not be the right place to spend a lot of money. It takes a lot of money to spend and Amazon has A lot of expenses, so the margin is really thin. Probably not the right thing to get started with right now. I see. So I guess is this something that you've tried before and you found out it was too costly, or do you just hear from other people and they said it's too costly, you're hesitant to try it? Right? That's the general opinion in my circle. I mean, other brands, the friends I have in this industry. Gotcha. Well, here's an interesting thing. I worked with one of my friends within the health and wellness industry. They were selling, you know, wristbands for weightlifting, and they spent X amount of dollars and they got X amount of dollars back. I mean, with that said, this is actually what I do. I own this company called X, Y and Z. I wonder if you'd be opposed to hopping onto a quick 30 minute chat. Should be some case studies and if you're interested in exploring, great. If you're not, I can just add you to a group chat and maybe other founders can help you out. Yeah, that sounds good. Yeah. So what do you think about that interaction? It is good, I think. You know what, it will take a little bit of practice. Um, I'm not accustomed to having this kind of conversation and I'm very introverted person, you know, so I think first few pitches, the conversations probably will be a little bit uncomfortable, but eventually maybe I'll get confident when I'm at the con, at the event. So I think don't think about this as a pitch. You're building relationships with people, you're building trust. Think about it that way. It's like you want to come from always a place of curiosity, being more of a giver than a taker. Right. It's like, you know, that's why I asked about where else can you potentially provide value other than CPG Edge? Is there any sort of founder community that you can intro them to? Is there any podcast you can bring them on to, you know, stuff of that nature? People like talking about themselves, so let them talk. Right? So you always want to start very broad, right? It's like, you saw what I did there. My beginning questions are always more personal. It's like, right, yeah, I saw you guys built these, like really cool blender bottles. Like, where are you manufacturing these? You know, are you just selling these, like B2B or can I actually buy it off your website somewhere? You know, you can ask questions like that to just build trust and then you want to start understanding. Okay, I mean, what did you. What are you trying to get out of this conference, you know, and then you actually get into doing more of the business discovery side of things. Once you've established for a trust, you know, you guys are laughing, cracking jokes and stuff like that. That's when guards are down and they're going to start telling you more about their business. Right. Max, I remember when we met, one thing that you mentioned was what you were doing back then. You just had an exit, I think, and that, I mean, I was thinking about it and that felt like it's a social proof, you know your stuff. What can I do during our conversation that will also establish me? I mean, that will build some credibility. Well, I see that you work at 48 different CPG providers, CPG brands. What's the biggest household name that you have? Well, household names, none of them are household names. But there are some big brands, like Slimquick is one. Joyburst is one. No Sugar Company is one. These are not very well known, but quite big. Slimquake for example, it's a very old brand, 18 years old brand. And at their peak they used to do 135 million a year. So I have a couple. So first of all, this might be a bit unrelated, but are you aware of this thing called Econ North? Yeah, I am, yeah. Do you know Nicasio Kenzan Adi and those guys, James? Yes. Great. So I know those guys personally. I've spoken to Nick Nicasio a couple of times. He's the founder of Stallion Express and he also has another arm, Seller Interactive. Yeah, exactly. Sellers Interactive. Keep this between us, but I know exactly how they generate leads. Okay. They basically funnel the clients from Stallion Express over to Seller Interactive. But if you're talking about net new sales, how they do it is I connected them with a friend of mine called Evan. They basically spin up a hundred different dummy LinkedIn accounts with AI generated profiles and they would just send out mass LinkedIn messages. Literally, I don't even know how many. I think they're sending out around 250 connection requests on a per month basis. But then they're doing like 100 accounts, right? So that's like 25,000 connection requests. And then assuming 10% of them actually accept, that's 2,500 2500. Assuming a 10% response rate, they're getting 250 responses. Assuming half of those actually jump onto a demo, that's 125 and they charge per lead. So I can make the intro there after the conference, but the reason why I ask about Ecom north as an example is if you can get into that circle and you can reference. Hey, I've spoken to the founders at Monos. I've speaking spoken to the founders at. Do you know Monos, like the luggage brand? It's a really big luggage brand. And then see, Vessi is also part of Ecom North. Yeah, yeah. If you throw out those names like people will be like, oh shit, like Soham is in that community of billionaire CPG founders. Like, maybe I should talk to this guy for longer. This is one way of building social proof is to talk about who's in your circle. The other way of going about it is to reference the brands you've worked with and reference the actual ROI that you've gotten for them. But the best social proof is going to come from it. Irresistible offer. So what I mean by that is, you know, I don't know if what's the best offer that you have right now because I see that you guys write like policy compliance, SEO copies for Amazon listings. But you know, do you have any irresistible offer? I cannot. It's very difficult because on one hand I cannot make any false promise and I cannot say that if you just advertise on Amazon you will generate this much revenue magically. Right. It's. There are situations where I can help. There are situations where I cannot help. Right. So I don't know, I don't want to say something that I cannot do. But also I have done great things, so I don't know how exactly I can put it. Do you have SEO audits within your sales process? Yes. Well, I mean that's something that you can offer. Sales audit, sorry, listing audit, ad audit. I can definitely do those things. Yeah, great tools that, that are built around, let's say lifetime value analysis. That is very rare on Amazon. You generally cannot. It's very difficult to do because Amazon doesn't provide that kind of analysis and you don't have much flexibility and let's say costs on Amazon, it's a very complicated thing. You never know how much money you are making from Amazon. So that's another thing that I have developed a tool around. So these are the things that I can offer audits along with these tools. Yeah. So. Basically what you want to do is when you're pitching that meeting, you don't pitch like a 30 minute call with myself. You basically pitch it as, you know, hop onto the 30 minute call. I'm going to do a real time audit of your ads as well as, you know, your SEO and then you know, see that as free resources if there's no benefit with you working with me, like, there's no point. Right. But if you see enough value, we might have the chance of working together, you know, something along lines just to, yeah, give out like freebies. So I guess just to reiterate, right, like during the pre conference, you want to start a conversation just by telling people, hey, Soham is going to be at this conference. Second message is curious, like, what's bringing you to this conference? Is there any sort of potential connections that can facilitate stuff of that nature to keep the conversation going? Once you get to the conference, you want to just walk around the entire booth, talk to every single person you have the chance of talking to. You start at a super high level, just asking them, you know, where are you manufacturing these? You know, with the US Tariffs coming along, like, how's your business doing? Like, you basically want to start very broad, start personal. And then you want to ask a question of, like, what brought you to this conference today to wedge your way into doing more of a business discovery? Right. Can I buy this? Can I buy this blender bottle right now on your website to gauge if they're doing B2C? Because if they're just doing B2B, then what's the point? And then when you're closing that meeting, you want to book the meeting right on the spot, reference the free website audit, free SEO, whatever audit. Then the next part comes to post conference outreach. Post conference outreach. The way I do it is I cold call. Okay, but if you're not going to cold call, you use the same LinkedIn methodology. Right. It's like referencing, you know there's going to be speakers at that event. Right. And one. Well, no, not really. No. No speakers. There's not going to be speakers. There are going to be. It's a different event. It's not going to be on the day of the trade show. I see. Well, the way to go about that is post conference, what you want to do is to reference the biggest company within that conference and just be like, hey, I was talking to the founder at this biggest company at the conference and they were telling me that getting on Amazon is very costly. You need to do a lot of work with SEO. You got to buy ads. The customer acquisition cost doesn't justify it. This is the free website audit I did for them and I found a couple of opportunities. I can likely do the same for you. Would you be opposed to a 30 minute chat? So basically you can apply this on all outbound. Is that the lead magnet or the Call to action has to be extremely beneficial. So if there's anything that you should probably take away from this chat is really to be more of a giver than a taker. Always, even towards the end of the sales cycle of booking that meeting in, you still want to give off freebies, be a giver. The second thing is to basically always start broad and then you go narrow. You don't sell anything until they tell you, yes, I'm trying to do marketing or, you know, I'm trying to do more B2C. Like I'm trying to get in touch with more retailers. That's your wedge in. You don't pitch anything until you have your wedge in. And yeah, the last thing is really just you need to do both pre conference outreach as well as post conference outreach. You don't think, just think about your strategy going inside conference. Right. Well, a few things and these are technical challenges. So for example, I'm supposed to reach out to 900 companies in three weeks or so. Right. So I mean, first of all, they, all of them will not accept my request on LinkedIn if I rely on LinkedIn. And also it's very difficult to connect with send 900 connection requests within just 21 days or so. So how do you suggest I do that? Reach out to that many people? I mean, so I'm like, I always cold call because that's the best way to get in touch with someone. Right. If I called you, you have no choice but to pick up the phone and talk to me and I start a conversation. But if you have this sort of limitation, I would split your lead list up by the top ones that you want to go after and use LinkedIn for that. And then for the rest, I would use emails. So basically, you want to cheer up your Account by tier 1, tier 2, tier 3, all the tier ones, you send out LinkedIn connection requests. You might even want to personalize it. Right. You know, I see that you guys are building a blender bottle company. Like I'll be at that event as well. Looking forward to seeing your product. Stop right there. Second message. You know, yeah. Because of how you're in the health and wellness space, you know, I, maybe I can facilitate some introductions. Curious what's making you go to that conference. Right, Right. Yeah. And then on the email front, it's essentially the same sort of copy, but just a little bit more less personal, I guess. What? That's what I'm trying to say. So it's still the same copy. Right. But essentially it's gonna look Something like, you know, hey, so looking forward to this year's ch. What is it? Chfa. I see that you're gonna be on the list. Looking forward to meeting you. Then stop that email. You send it out and that's it. Second email, it's like, you know, it's a week away from chfa. Hopefully you guys are prepping well enough. You know, is there any sort of curious what's making you attend this conference? Wonder if there's any intros I can potentially facilitate. Let me know. So if you think about LinkedIn and email as a way to directly pitch, you're doing it wrong. It's only to start a conversation. Got it. And in these emails, I'm not telling anything about me, like who I am, Nothing. Never. Okay. You know, my LinkedIn, my email sequence for Landbase is literally this. Here, I'll drop it into the chat. Okay. And this has been getting me 20% response rate. Oh, this is the one. Yeah. No forms, no sign up. Okay. Do you see what I'm doing there? I did not say anything about what Landbase does. I just said, hey, no forms, no sign up, just reply with five accounts. I'll send you all of this stuff. Is that worth a try? Oh, so I never reference anything about Land Base or anything about CPG Edge. I literally just this to start a conversation and I don't pitch until I actually get them onto a call. Like, it's basically, hey, would you want to hop onto this call? I can adjust the messages in real time. I can send you a free sample lead list after that call. If you don't like what you see, you'll never hear from me again. If you like it, maybe we have the chance working together, right? Would you be that they hop onto the call? That's when you really pitch. Got it, Got it. Okay. And for the emails, do you suggest that I use instantly to send those emails? You can use different ones, but instantly has the most flexibility for in the future, if you want to scale, you can integrate that into clay, for example. Yeah. So I suggest instantly because it's also cheap. Yeah, it's very cheap. Apollo is not a bad option either. Instantly is probably your best bet. But right now what I can do is like, if you can get me the list of their company domain, I can get the emails for you and the LinkedIn profile URL, the phone numbers, I can get it to you through Landbase. Okay, and what is the cost of that? Zero. I mean, I have access to the entire platform, so. Okay, sure. Yeah, that would be nice. Also pay me a hundred bucks, so. Well, it's worth it. Sorry? I said it's worth it. Yeah, I mean, I, I, I hope so. And frankly, if you want me to make an intro to, like, anyone within my network, I'm happy to do that. Like, the guys at Stallion Express, like, I know claymu. Have you heard of claymu? I'm actually really good friends with the founder there, Matthew Wong. He. He has a CPG brand and doing pretty good. Okay. Oh, they're not selling on Amazon right now. I just dropped insert chat. That could be a good beginning for them on Amazon. Yeah. Well, you know what? One more thing that you mentioned is about Ecom north, and you said they have 100 different LinkedIn accounts, all AI generated. Correct. So they're fake. Actually, they're fake. Correct. I'll show you. Who is the guy working on it? Give me a sec. Yeah. This is my friend. He literally lives, like, five minutes away from me, and he's a partner at Sales Partner. And if you look at their people, Nicasio is the brains behind this. But you can see that they have a team full of, like, people in Canada, but also in the Philippines. Okay. And they have worked with Seller Interactive. I see. They are. He started this business through Settlers Interactive. Okay. Do you know how much his services may cost? It's free because they're pay per lead. I don't know how much they charge per lead, though. Got it. Okay. It's only like, when someone actually hops onto a call with you, that's when they charge. Got it. Okay. And you don't have to buy. Like, you don't have to do 100 accounts. I think you can do, like, 20 just to start, but there's, like, no commitment. Okay. Wow. All right, you know what? I would like to connect with the first person for sure. How about both? I'll admit both. And at least have a chat and get to know about what they're doing. Right? Sure. Matthew Wong, what you want to do is just to get them on. Get him on chat. Like, you don't want to pitch Amazon or anything like that. Just be like, hey, I was talking to Max. You know, he mentioned that you're running Claymu and it's going pretty well. I wonder if you guys are going to Ch F8. Just stop right there and start the conversation. And then, you know, you can start just having conversation with the guy. Do you get what I mean? And then with Evan, he's obviously a service provider, so he's gonna respond. Matthew Wong, you have to do a different way. Like I'll make the intro. I'll just be like, hey, I want you to meet Soham. Had a chat with him. He's going to chfa. You know, you guys both have a huge network within the E comm space. You guys should chat and then you just go in and do your thing. So are you suggesting we connect on a call too, just to talk about. You should, at the end pitch a call, but start a conversation first. Got it, Got it. Okay. All right. And Max, so this is, this call is really helpful, but what do you suggest? I mean, if I really want to get better at these having conversations and building connections, what do you suggest I should do after this? Well, I think first of all, let me understand your customer acquisition cost and your ltv. Like, what is your. How much is one customer worth to you if you're able to close them? It really depends, Max. So I'll give you some examples. Maybe. Well, some good clients are with me for a very long time. And if I give you an example of base client that I have, they're with me for four years almost and have been paying me almost somewhere between 6,000 to $9,000 a month. So that's, that's, that's the. I mean, that's a lot. I don't know. I cannot do the math right now, but that's the biggest one that I had. And why do they stay with you for four years? Like, because they like my services and I got started with them as a consultant, not as an agency, you know, so we have a very good relationship. I see. Yeah. Okay. And for the lesser ones, like, is it that your service isn't working for them and that's why the retention is kind of crap or. Well, no, the retention is always good. Actually, for ad management services, the retention is always good. I have to calculate an average number of months they stay with me. But for the ones that has, I mean, there are four or five clients who have stayed with me for more than a year, like almost two years now. And apart from that, there are some clients who would leave after, let's say, working with me for five or six months. So these clients that I'm talking about, the smaller accounts, these are from freelancing platform. They're not worth much. I mean, money wise. Sorry. So. And that's why I'm trying to figure out how I can acquire clients outside of the platform. I don't have any effort going on right now to actively acquire clients. Okay. Nothing. I just had the greatest idea. This is something that I used to do with Eric Ley. Do you remember Eric Leverio? Yeah. We used to host events. This is such a good opportunity for you to build up your own network, but also get full of those. Sorry. Can you hear me? I couldn't hear. Yeah, I couldn't hear you for a while. Oh, okay. Can you hear me now? Okay. As I was saying, I just had the greatest idea. Eric Lane and I, when we started with Vireo, we got from 0 to 300k within 3 months just by running events. So what we used to do is we make it like a very small group meeting. We basically call it like, you know, C to series A Private founder dinner. Yes. One for series B to D, you should do the same thing. Right. Where, you know, maybe instead of like going after tier one accounts just by starting conversation that way, just literally reach out and be like, hey, I noticed you guys are going to CS Chfa. I'm hosting an event for 12 elite CPG founders in Toronto on the 20th. Do you want to join? Bam. Right? Matthew Wong can be the first guy that you bring. You know what will stop me? What? There are some very experienced CPG founders in Toronto. Right. Many. Now I will feel like I'm not as experienced because they understand the entire thing. Right. It's not just E commerce. They understand how everything works together. And I don't have that kind of experience. So I'll be like, who am I to host this? So that's where you leverage your network, so on. So what I mean by that is, for example, I know Andrew d', Souza, you know, the founder at Boardy. He's. He obviously is a cracked founder. Like he was at Clear Co, and then he. He also is at HF0, like the incubator in SF. But essentially I would use him as the anchor guest. Okay. I'll be like, you know, Vitali at Standoff Store is coming. Andrew d' Souza at Bordy is coming. Do you want to join us? Right. So if you have someone within your network that you feel like they're really established, you have a great relationship with them, invite them to the event first and use that person as the anchor person. So it's basically like an offshoot of your conference strategy where you host like event just for 12 people. They can cover their own bills. We didn't use to pay for their dinner. Okay. We used to have sponsors asking to cover for dinners, but not for the first couple ones. For the first couple ones, we had no sponsors and it was non Profit. Everyone just comes and pay for their own bill. Got it. Okay. Okay. That's a nice one. I can definitely do it with. I mean, I told you, Suzy is one of them. I can probably also. I know a few more people. I don't have a good relationship with them yet. Probably that's something I can work towards. There you go. I think that would be my exact strategy. Like, after this call, what I would do so is I'll call up all of your network and be like, hey, I'm going to be going to CHFA event on September 20th. I wonder if you're going. If you're going. I am hosting a dinner with 12 elite founders. Do you want to join us? And then you just keep, like, once you get one, use that person's name. Right? You know, Matthew Wong at Claim, who is coming. Do you want to join us? And then now, now that you've gotten the second you want to say, you know, Matthew Wong, Claim was coming, you know, Nicasio Sellers Interactive is coming. Do you want to join us? That'll be the first thing I do. Only for tier one accounts, the customers are your dream customers. And then for your tier 2 tier threes, do your LinkedIn mass outreach, do your HubSpot mass outreach, or email us outreach. And then when you get to the conference, you go around the booth asking people if you haven't filled up those 12 seats, you go into that conference and just be like, hey, I still have two spots left. Do you want to join us for dinner so you can have a longer conversation with those people? And then, so if you ask about social proof, this is the best social proof ever. Because you can be like, oh, I have like 10 people of the same CPG. We're going to be sharing insights in terms of how businesses are running the tariff situation. You know, now you're positioning yourself as not only a subject matter expert, but also a community builder. All right. Huh. So, yeah, I need more guts to do it. Okay. I mean, I need more confidence to do it. I see. I need to work on myself. I think outbound sales is definitely the toughest out there. Toughest job out there. But in person, selling is already a lot easier than cold calls. Okay. Person, like people care about how they seem to other people. Right. So you always bring their best face forward. But if you're cold, calling, people can be real. So I can get that. Yeah. Yeah. I don't have much trouble talking to people in person. That I can do. Yeah, There you go. Yeah. And last time, all I did was just trying to know about their business, how it's going. I didn't do anything else. When they would ask what I'm doing, I'm like, I, I don't know what, what I have to say now. Well, you, you know, that's another piece is that you want to pitch a personalized approach to. So, for example, you know, if you're talking to me at Landbase, what I would say is, you know, I. Most of our customers are actually business services providers. Like, they sell to other businesses as well. You know, in one case they were selling to CPG firms and they only want to look for companies that are not selling on Amazon today and they're not selling on, you know, Instacart. So what we did is we went onto Etsy, scraped all of the list of vendors, comparing it with the database that we have on Amazon, mash them together, and I found out, you know, this list of Etsy stores don't. Are not currently advertising on Amazon. And that's how we've been able to get them. Like, as an example. Do you get what I mean? It's like I'm personal. I'm not giving you my, my AI pitch. I didn't even mention AI. Right, right. So the same thing with you, it's like you're kind of saying it like you do these. It's like you have done it already. Something based on what you feel they are trying to do. It's not just that. It's like you basically want to personalize their, to their industry. Right. You want to come up with your own take. It's like, you know what I've realized, like health and wellness industry is actually not doing that well these days for whatever reason. And what I found is X, Y and Z. Like, is that the case with you? Right. It's like you basically want to take your experience into account and just personalize your approach. Got it. Okay. Well, you know what, Max? I'll take my time to think about this, all the things that you discussed and come up with my own way of talking. Yeah, yeah, 100%. I mean, if there's anything that you want me to look over, feel free to send it over to me. Yeah, and just send me that list of. I need the domains, though. I can't just have the company name and. No, I'll work on that. Let's see if ChatGPT can help with that agent mode or something. Yeah, but yeah, like within the spreadsheet, like as long as I have a column of the company domains, I Should be able to find, like, their phone numbers, emails, and whatnot. Yeah, so I'll send that over to you. And yeah, just the remaining 50 bucks as well. Sure. Max, would you be able to send me one invoice for 100? Yeah, yeah, no problem. Okay, yeah, I'll. Yeah, that. That. You know, why I need to keep. Yeah, yeah, I get it. It's like taxes and shit, right? Yeah, yeah. And you. I'll send you the remaining $50. Okay, sounds good. Once you send over the list, I'll send over the enriched list with all the contact as well as the invoice. And then if you want a second look at your sequences, just let me know. Sure. Of course. Use Luma to create. Here, I'll send you something. You want to use this platform to gather signups for your private dinner? Okay. To make it more official. Okay. Yeah, I'm nervous, but yeah, I'll look at it. I'm here if you need anything. You can drop down my. I'll drop down my phone number and give me a text. Okay. That would be great. I was thinking about that. Okay. Yeah. I will also make the intro to Matthew Wong right now. And Max, if I was thinking, will you be up for going with me that day? Work, I mean. I mean, hourly basis, let's say. I'll pay for your time. Oh, wait, it's a weekend. Is it? Yeah. Let me think about it, because I. I recently got married and I don't know if my wife has anything planned, but. Okay, well, congratulations, Max. When did it happen? We got married two Fridays ago. Really? Okay. Okay, awesome. Yeah, cool. Um, so it's been a pleasure and I hope this chat helped. Text me if you have any questions. You should probably text me now so I have your number saved. And then I'll make the intro to Matt. I'll make the intro to Evan. When you're done, send me that list. I'll enrich it. I'll send you the invoice. If you need a second look at your email LinkedIn sequences, just let me know and. Sounds good. Awesome. Thank you. Thank you. Talk to you later. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: First. Okay. In Toronto. Yeah. And what happens at this event is all CPG companies, whether they're in snacks or food or let's say dietary supplements, personal care products, they attend here in order for to meet retailers. That's the goal right

Speaker B: now.

Speaker A: They don't want to be pitched at the event, but. Well, that's why. That's why I have to. That's what I have to figure out, like how we can do it. Yeah, I'm going there with one of the. One of my clients. Okay. Now you can say all of the brands that will be attending that event are my ICPs. Like, are in my ICP. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So not all. I mean, some of them are not. Cannot be sold on Amazon, so probably not them, but they can still sell on Instacart. So that's another service that I provide. Yeah, you can say most of them. So now the question is what do I do or how do I talk to them so that it looks natural because they don't want to be pitched in the first place. And what should the funnel look like?

Speaker B: So I have a couple of questions before I give you, really the strategy around this one is this conference they're going to. Do you know how many people are going to be there?

Speaker A: Well, I can see. I haven't. I have a list of attendees.

Speaker B: Oh, you do?

Speaker A: And yeah, yeah, I can share my screen and show you, actually.

Speaker B: Do you have their phone numbers, emails and everything?

Speaker A: I have the company names. That's all.

Speaker B: You have the company name? Yes. Do you have the domain on it?

Speaker A: No, but I can look for them. It's easy to find. Right. If you just Google them, you can find them.

Speaker B: Okay. The reason why I ask is because I can help you pull list of their. Their emails and I would assume you already have like instantly or stuff like that. Right.

Speaker A: I am not currently using instantly, but I get it. I mean, I can definitely subscribe.

Speaker B: You have like an email sequencer.

Speaker A: I'm not doing anything, Max. That's my problem.

Speaker B: I see.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Well, I think first things first, September 20th to 21st. So that means you have around three to four weeks to actually get this up and running. One of the first things I would do is I would connect with everybody on LinkedIn and literally just say, hey, I'm going to be a chfa. Looking forward to meeting you there. That's it. You're just putting it out there and that's it. Like you're not doing any sort of pitch. Right, Right. And then second tier to that is you basically want to ask questions within the sequence. So I guess my question is like, do you have a LinkedIn sequencer right now as well or no?

Speaker A: Well, all I do right now is send automated connection. So I have a list of connect people that I want to connect with and then it sends 30 requests every day. That's what I do. Okay.

Speaker B: And these connection requests are empty, like there's no connection message. Okay, great, great. So you are following the best practice essentially with LinkedIn sequencing. The whole point is just to start a conversation. So for example, what I would do is to send an empty connection request and then my first message is going to look something like, hey, I saw that you guys are going to chfa. Maybe I'll see you around there. Stop right there. And then one week prior to the conference I'll send out another automated message and be like, hey, I'm just curious, I see that you guys run a CPG company. Is there any sort of intros I can potentially facilitate as chfa just to get the conversation going right? And then once they tell you, yes, I'm trying to get referred to this particular client, then you can just be like, oh, okay, is there a particular reason why you want to talk to them? And then you can start doing discovery. You build trust at the event. Now you can hit them up and actually have a very solid conversation. But then again, not pitching anything, you're just having a conversation. I'll talk about shipping your service later. But does that make sense so far? Just with the LinkedIn?

Speaker A: Yes, it makes sense. Now the question would be you. You suggested that I. The one question that I question that I can ask is who they're trying to connect with. Right, but they are trying to connect with retailers and I'm not in a position to connect them with any of the retailers.

Speaker B: I understand. The key here is to just start the conversation. It doesn't always have to be about what you do, it's just about doing discovery. Right? Like understanding what is their priority. Why do they want to get in touch with Walmart? Why do they want to get in touch with all these guys? And then because, I mean from your perspective it's probably like am I cheating? Right? Like why am I asking about this? But then again, you're just prompting a response. You are just trying to get a conversation started to build trust slowly. But when you get to the conference that's a different story. So it's like there's pre conference warm up, there's what you should do during the conference and then post conference outreach, right? So I'm going to walk through those three steps with you. Email sequence. You probably don't have to run it, but if you were to run it, you're using the exact same strategy. It's like, hey, I'm also going to this particular event, hoping to see you there. I'm curious what's bringing you to this particular event? Is there any sort of retailers that maybe I can facilitate an intro to, stuff like that? Yeah, so that's kind of the pre conference outreach. But do you know how many leads you've got on that list?

Speaker A: Well, There are about 980 plus names. All of them are not brands, Some of them are service providers, some of them are probably distributors. So you can say almost 900, 800 to 900 brands.

Speaker B: Okay, 800 to 900 brands. And. The next thing is when you do get to that conference, like I'm assuming they have like booths and stuff like that, right?

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: And they're all CPG companies. Like are they just food or are we talking like any sort of cpg?

Speaker A: They're full. Any sort of cpg. So a full dietary supplement, personal care brand, anything.

Speaker B: I see. Is there a particular industry that you work best with or is it just everyone?

Speaker A: Well, so far I have worked with these three that I mentioned. Food and snacks and dietary supplements and personal care brands.

Speaker B: These three okay.

Speaker A: Covers most of them.

Speaker B: Is there any particular industry where you'd be able to bring the most value, facilitate the most interest intros?

Speaker A: I cannot, I mean if you talk about intros, I literally don't know any buyers that I can introduce them to. So.

Speaker B: Okay, no worries. What I'm trying to figure out here is the strategy when you do get to that event. How do you open up a conversation without being, you know, being first and then being a taker? Right. So you know, other than all the stuff that you can do on Amazon, Instacart and stuff like that, is there any sort of value that you can bring to the table?

Speaker A: Well, I'm trying to think, you know what, I know somebody, she is a cmo, quite well known in the industry and she has a group, it's called Founders Helping Founders, all for cpg. So I'm, I'm not sure if, I mean, I'm not sure if all brands there would want to join that kind of group. Of course, the support group, but I can promote that group. That will be helpful for the cmo. Her name is Suzy, so she would also like that. And I'm not sure if everybody would be interested. That's something I need to think about or to taste.

Speaker B: Yeah, 100. Maybe I'll tell you a little bit about my story of, you know, going to Collision and you know, the jamarcon in Florida. Like at my highest, I was able to book 50 meetings just by walking all around the actual conference floor. And then I would, you know, just show up and be interested in their product. Right. It's like, oh, okay, I, I see that you guys are in the, you know, project management space for transportation specifically, you know, and then I'll try to understand a little bit more about why they're coming into this conference. Just start the conversation that way. How long have they been in business? You know, how are they doing? Essentially you're starting a conversation but keeping it at a super high level, acting as if you're curious. And until they ask about what you do, you don't actually pitch anything. You're just having a conversation with them. You know, rapid fire, five minutes. People like to talk about themselves, so let them talk. And then during your discovery you want to understand, oh, okay, are you guys selling it on Amazon right now? Are you selling into insert card right now? Are you just, you know, trying to go B2B selling to all retailers? Are you doing any B2C stuff? Are you on Shopify? How much are you spending on ads today? Like you can do very subtle discovery that way. Like obviously don't ask about like what's their cost per acquisition because that's a bit too, too deep. And then one of my favorite questions to ask is always like, what is Your biggest challenge? 9 out of 10 times they're going to tell you is revenue and that right there is your hook. It's like I work with CPG brands, get them onto Amazon, get them consistent sales, basically opening up the another channel for you. Like, I mean, have you tried to do Amazon before? I didn't work. If you've tried it before, you know, stuff like that, you pause, you're gonna start doing discovery though. And then obviously before you leave, the biggest thing is to get them on your calendar at the conference. You don't save their LinkedIn profile URL. You don't ask them to connect with you on LinkedIn. You don't ask them to send you an email. You book the meeting right on the spot. You'll be like, oh, okay, would you be interested in kind of exploring further? Just with 30 minute call and then you pull up your phone. How would 2:00pm Eastern Time work for you on Thursday next week? Get their email, shake their hand Go to the next one, rinse and repeat the entire process.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Let's do a quick role play right now.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Like I'll act, I'll act as Soham and then you'll act as the prospect. So let's just say you are a. You're selling blender bottles. Like, you know, the gym blender bottles. So I'm gonna come up and be like, hey, so I'm. How's it going? It's. It's Max Wu here.

Speaker A: Well, it's going well. Max, how are you?

Speaker B: Good. Yeah, I see that you guys have got some pretty sick blender bottles over here. I mean, what brought you this conference?

Speaker A: What is that? Sorry.

Speaker B: Brought you to this conference today?

Speaker A: Well, just trying to get some awareness going and also possibly meet some retailers.

Speaker B: Some awareness. Some retailers. Interesting. I mean, when did you even start this business? Like, these blender bottles look pretty cool.

Speaker A: Well, it's been a while, like three years. The first year or a year and a half went into product development. Now we are still kind of at the early stage going, just getting started with marketing and stuff.

Speaker B: Beautiful. I mean, when you first started, did you target mostly gyms or like how did you go to market in the first place?

Speaker A: Well, first we, we were prioritizing online, so Shopify and also social. Social for our medias. That's how we got started. Yeah. Trying to get into retail now.

Speaker B: Yeah. You know what, this actually reminds me so on. I actually am friends with a CMO at a pretty big enterprise. They have a group chat called Founders Helping founders and the entire community are full of CPG founders. Maybe they can actually facilitate some intros as you've said. You know, you're targeting more retailers. Can I make the intro? Oh, okay, great. Yeah. I mean, here's the website URL. I'll send it over to you. But you know, just out of curiosity, you mentioned that, you know, you're obviously trying to stand up marketing for the first time. Like, are you just going after B2B completely or do you have a B2C arm today?

Speaker A: Well, we got started with B2C, Shopify and Social. So direct to consumer. And B2B is something that we're just getting started right now.

Speaker B: Right, right. I mean, with Shopify you probably have a bunch of logistics partners. But I mean, have you thought about, are you, have you tried to use Amazon as another potential channel?

Speaker A: Well, we have thought about it, but I think Amazon may not be the right place to spend a lot of money. It takes a lot of money to spend and Amazon has A lot of expenses, so the margin is really thin. Probably not the right thing to get started with right now.

Speaker B: I see. So I guess is this something that you've tried before and you found out it was too costly, or do you just hear from other people and they said it's too costly, you're hesitant to try it? Right?

Speaker A: That's the general opinion in my circle. I mean, other brands, the friends I have in this industry.

Speaker B: Gotcha. Well, here's an interesting thing. I worked with one of my friends within the health and wellness industry. They were selling, you know, wristbands for weightlifting, and they spent X amount of dollars and they got X amount of dollars back. I mean, with that said, this is actually what I do. I own this company called X, Y and Z. I wonder if you'd be opposed to hopping onto a quick 30 minute chat. Should be some case studies and if you're interested in exploring, great. If you're not, I can just add you to a group chat and maybe other founders can help you out.

Speaker A: Yeah, that sounds good.

Speaker B: Yeah. So what do you think about that interaction?

Speaker A: It is good, I think. You know what, it will take a little bit of practice. Um, I'm not accustomed to having this kind of conversation and I'm very introverted

Speaker B: person, you know,

Speaker A: so I think first few pitches, the conversations probably will be a little bit uncomfortable, but eventually maybe I'll get confident when I'm at the con, at the event.

Speaker B: So I think don't think about this as a pitch. You're building relationships with people, you're building trust. Think about it that way. It's like you want to come from always a place of curiosity, being more of a giver than a taker. Right. It's like, you know, that's why I asked about where else can you potentially provide value other than CPG Edge? Is there any sort of founder community that you can intro them to? Is there any podcast you can bring them on to, you know, stuff of that nature? People like talking about themselves, so let them talk.

Speaker A: Right?

Speaker B: So you always want to start very broad, right? It's like, you saw what I did there. My beginning questions are always more personal. It's like, right, yeah, I saw you guys built these, like really cool blender bottles. Like, where are you manufacturing these? You know, are you just selling these, like B2B or can I actually buy it off your website somewhere? You know, you can ask questions like that to just build trust and then you want to start understanding. Okay, I mean, what did you. What are you trying to get out of this conference, you know, and then you actually get into doing more of the business discovery side of things. Once you've established for a trust, you know, you guys are laughing, cracking jokes and stuff like that. That's when guards are down and they're going to start telling you more about their business. Right.

Speaker A: Max, I remember when we met, one thing that you mentioned was what you were doing back then. You just had an exit, I think, and that, I mean, I was thinking about it and that felt like it's a social proof, you know your stuff. What can I do during our conversation that will also establish me? I mean, that will build some credibility.

Speaker B: Well, I see that you work at 48 different CPG providers, CPG brands. What's the biggest household name that you have?

Speaker A: Well, household names, none of them are household names. But there are some big brands, like Slimquick is one. Joyburst is one. No Sugar Company is one. These are not very well known, but quite big. Slimquake for example, it's a very old brand, 18 years old brand. And at their peak they used to do 135 million a year.

Speaker B: So I have a couple. So first of all, this might be a bit unrelated, but are you aware of this thing called Econ North?

Speaker A: Yeah, I am, yeah.

Speaker B: Do you know Nicasio Kenzan Adi and those guys, James?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Great. So I know those guys personally. I've spoken to Nick Nicasio a couple of times. He's the founder of Stallion Express and he also has another arm, Seller Interactive. Yeah, exactly. Sellers Interactive. Keep this between us, but I know exactly how they generate leads.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: They basically funnel the clients from Stallion Express over to Seller Interactive. But if you're talking about net new sales, how they do it is I connected them with a friend of mine called Evan. They basically spin up a hundred different dummy LinkedIn accounts with AI generated profiles and they would just send out mass LinkedIn messages. Literally, I don't even know how many. I think they're sending out around 250 connection requests on a per month basis. But then they're doing like 100 accounts, right? So that's like 25,000 connection requests. And then assuming 10% of them actually accept, that's 2,500 2500. Assuming a 10% response rate, they're getting 250 responses. Assuming half of those actually jump onto a demo, that's 125 and they charge per lead. So I can make the intro there after the conference, but the reason why I ask about Ecom north as an example is if you can get into that circle and you can reference. Hey, I've spoken to the founders at Monos. I've speaking spoken to the founders at. Do you know Monos, like the luggage brand? It's a really big luggage brand. And then see, Vessi is also part of Ecom North.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: If you throw out those names like people will be like, oh shit, like Soham is in that community of billionaire CPG founders. Like, maybe I should talk to this guy for longer. This is one way of building social proof is to talk about who's in your circle. The other way of going about it is to reference the brands you've worked with and reference the actual ROI that you've gotten for them. But the best social proof is going to come from it. Irresistible offer. So what I mean by that is, you know, I don't know if what's the best offer that you have right now because I see that you guys write like policy compliance, SEO copies for Amazon listings. But you know, do you have any irresistible offer?

Speaker A: I cannot. It's very difficult because on one hand I cannot make any false promise and I cannot say that if you just advertise on Amazon you will generate this much revenue magically. Right.

Speaker B: It's.

Speaker A: There are situations where I can help. There are situations where I cannot help.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: So I don't know, I don't want to say something that I cannot do. But also I have done great things, so I don't know how exactly I can put it.

Speaker B: Do you have SEO audits within your sales process?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Well, I mean that's something that you can offer.

Speaker A: Sales audit, sorry, listing audit, ad audit. I can definitely do those things. Yeah, great tools that, that are built around, let's say lifetime value analysis. That is very rare on Amazon. You generally cannot. It's very difficult to do because Amazon doesn't provide that kind of analysis and you don't have much flexibility and let's say costs on Amazon, it's a very complicated thing. You never know how much money you are making from Amazon. So that's another thing that I have developed a tool around. So these are the things that I can offer audits along with these tools.

Speaker B: Yeah. So. Basically what you want to do is when you're pitching that meeting, you don't pitch like a 30 minute call with myself. You basically pitch it as, you know, hop onto the 30 minute call. I'm going to do a real time audit of your ads as well as, you know, your SEO and then you know, see that as free resources if there's no benefit with you working with me, like, there's no point. Right. But if you see enough value, we might have the chance of working together, you know, something along lines just to, yeah, give out like freebies. So I guess just to reiterate, right, like during the pre conference, you want to start a conversation just by telling people, hey, Soham is going to be at this conference. Second message is curious, like, what's bringing you to this conference? Is there any sort of potential connections that can facilitate stuff of that nature to keep the conversation going? Once you get to the conference, you want to just walk around the entire booth, talk to every single person you have the chance of talking to. You start at a super high level, just asking them, you know, where are you manufacturing these? You know, with the US Tariffs coming along, like, how's your business doing? Like, you basically want to start very broad, start personal. And then you want to ask a question of, like, what brought you to this conference today to wedge your way into doing more of a business discovery? Right. Can I buy this? Can I buy this blender bottle right now on your website to gauge if they're doing B2C? Because if they're just doing B2B, then what's the point? And then when you're closing that meeting, you want to book the meeting right on the spot, reference the free website audit, free SEO, whatever audit. Then the next part comes to post conference outreach. Post conference outreach. The way I do it is I cold call. Okay, but if you're not going to cold call, you use the same LinkedIn methodology. Right. It's like referencing, you know there's going to be speakers at that event. Right. And one.

Speaker A: Well, no, not really. No. No speakers.

Speaker B: There's not going to be speakers.

Speaker A: There are going to be. It's a different event. It's not going to be on the day of the trade show.

Speaker B: I see. Well, the way to go about that is post conference, what you want to do is to reference the biggest company within that conference and just be like, hey, I was talking to the founder at this biggest company at the conference and they were telling me that getting on Amazon is very costly. You need to do a lot of work with SEO. You got to buy ads. The customer acquisition cost doesn't justify it. This is the free website audit I did for them and I found a couple of opportunities. I can likely do the same for you. Would you be opposed to a 30 minute chat? So basically you can apply this on all outbound. Is that the lead magnet or the Call to action has to be extremely beneficial. So if there's anything that you should probably take away from this chat is really to be more of a giver than a taker. Always, even towards the end of the sales cycle of booking that meeting in, you still want to give off freebies, be a giver. The second thing is to basically always start broad and then you go narrow. You don't sell anything until they tell you, yes, I'm trying to do marketing or, you know, I'm trying to do more B2C. Like I'm trying to get in touch with more retailers. That's your wedge in. You don't pitch anything until you have your wedge in. And yeah, the last thing is really just you need to do both pre conference outreach as well as post conference outreach. You don't think, just think about your strategy going inside conference.

Speaker A: Right. Well, a few things and these are technical challenges. So for example, I'm supposed to reach out to 900 companies in three weeks or so. Right. So I mean, first of all, they, all of them will not accept my request on LinkedIn if I rely on LinkedIn. And also it's very difficult to connect with send 900 connection requests within just 21 days or so. So how do you suggest I do that? Reach out to that many people?

Speaker B: I mean, so I'm like, I always cold call because that's the best way to get in touch with someone. Right. If I called you, you have no choice but to pick up the phone and talk to me and I start a conversation. But if you have this sort of limitation, I would split your lead list up by the top ones that you want to go after and use LinkedIn for that. And then for the rest, I would use emails. So basically, you want to cheer up your Account by tier 1, tier 2, tier 3, all the tier ones, you send out LinkedIn connection requests. You might even want to personalize it. Right. You know, I see that you guys are building a blender bottle company. Like I'll be at that event as well. Looking forward to seeing your product. Stop right there. Second message. You know, yeah. Because of how you're in the health and wellness space, you know, I, maybe I can facilitate some introductions. Curious what's making you go to that conference. Right, Right.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And then on the email front, it's essentially the same sort of copy, but just a little bit more less personal, I guess. What? That's what I'm trying to say. So it's still the same copy.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: But essentially it's gonna look Something like, you know, hey, so looking forward to this year's ch. What is it? Chfa. I see that you're gonna be on the list. Looking forward to meeting you. Then stop that email. You send it out and that's it. Second email, it's like, you know, it's a week away from chfa. Hopefully you guys are prepping well enough. You know, is there any sort of curious what's making you attend this conference? Wonder if there's any intros I can potentially facilitate. Let me know. So if you think about LinkedIn and email as a way to directly pitch, you're doing it wrong. It's only to start a conversation.

Speaker A: Got it. And in these emails, I'm not telling anything about me, like who I am, Nothing.

Speaker B: Never.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: You know, my LinkedIn, my email sequence for Landbase is literally this. Here, I'll drop it into the chat.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And this has been getting me 20% response rate.

Speaker A: Oh, this is the one.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: No forms, no sign up. Okay.

Speaker B: Do you see what I'm doing there? I did not say anything about what Landbase does. I just said, hey, no forms, no sign up, just reply with five accounts. I'll send you all of this stuff. Is that worth a try? Oh, so I never reference anything about Land Base or anything about CPG Edge. I literally just this to start a conversation and I don't pitch until I actually get them onto a call. Like, it's basically, hey, would you want to hop onto this call? I can adjust the messages in real time. I can send you a free sample lead list after that call. If you don't like what you see, you'll never hear from me again. If you like it, maybe we have the chance working together, right? Would you be that they hop onto the call? That's when you really pitch.

Speaker A: Got it, Got it. Okay. And for the emails, do you suggest that I use instantly to send those emails?

Speaker B: You can use different ones, but instantly has the most flexibility for in the future, if you want to scale, you can integrate that into clay, for example. Yeah. So I suggest instantly because it's also cheap.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's very cheap.

Speaker B: Apollo is not a bad option either. Instantly is probably your best bet. But right now what I can do is like, if you can get me the list of their company domain, I can get the emails for you and the LinkedIn profile URL, the phone numbers, I can get it to you through Landbase.

Speaker A: Okay, and what is the cost of that?

Speaker B: Zero. I mean, I have access to the entire platform, so.

Speaker A: Okay, sure. Yeah, that would be nice.

Speaker B: Also pay me a hundred bucks, so.

Speaker A: Well, it's worth it.

Speaker B: Sorry?

Speaker A: I said it's worth it.

Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I, I, I hope so. And frankly, if you want me to make an intro to, like, anyone within my network, I'm happy to do that. Like, the guys at Stallion Express, like, I know claymu. Have you heard of claymu? I'm actually really good friends with the founder there, Matthew Wong. He. He has a CPG brand and doing pretty good.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Oh, they're not selling on Amazon right now. I just dropped insert chat.

Speaker A: That could be a good beginning for them on Amazon.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Well, you know what? One more thing that you mentioned is about Ecom north, and you said they have 100 different LinkedIn accounts, all AI generated.

Speaker B: Correct.

Speaker A: So they're fake.

Speaker B: Actually, they're fake. Correct. I'll show you. Who is the guy working on it? Give me a sec. Yeah. This is my friend. He literally lives, like, five minutes away from me, and he's a partner at Sales Partner. And if you look at their people, Nicasio is the brains behind this. But you can see that they have a team full of, like, people in Canada, but also in the Philippines.

Speaker A: Okay. And they have worked with Seller Interactive. I see.

Speaker B: They are. He started this business through Settlers Interactive.

Speaker A: Okay. Do you know how much his services may cost?

Speaker B: It's free because they're pay per lead. I don't know how much they charge per lead, though.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay.

Speaker B: It's only like, when someone actually hops onto a call with you, that's when they charge.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay.

Speaker B: And you don't have to buy. Like, you don't have to do 100 accounts. I think you can do, like, 20 just to start, but there's, like, no commitment.

Speaker A: Okay. Wow. All right, you know what? I would like to connect with the first person for sure. How about both? I'll admit both. And at least have a chat and get to know about what they're doing. Right?

Speaker B: Sure. Matthew Wong, what you want to do is just to get them on. Get him on chat. Like, you don't want to pitch Amazon or anything like that. Just be like, hey, I was talking to Max. You know, he mentioned that you're running Claymu and it's going pretty well. I wonder if you guys are going to Ch F8. Just stop right there and start the conversation. And then, you know, you can start just having conversation with the guy. Do you get what I mean? And then with Evan, he's obviously a service provider, so he's gonna respond. Matthew Wong, you have to do a different way. Like I'll make the intro. I'll just be like, hey, I want you to meet Soham. Had a chat with him. He's going to chfa. You know, you guys both have a huge network within the E comm space. You guys should chat and then you just go in and do your thing.

Speaker A: So are you suggesting we connect on a call too, just to talk about.

Speaker B: You should, at the end pitch a call, but start a conversation first.

Speaker A: Got it, Got it. Okay. All right. And Max, so this is, this call is really helpful, but what do you suggest? I mean, if I really want to get better at these having conversations and building connections, what do you suggest I should do after this?

Speaker B: Well, I think first of all, let me understand your customer acquisition cost and your ltv. Like, what is your. How much is one customer worth to you if you're able to close them?

Speaker A: It really depends, Max. So I'll give you some examples. Maybe. Well, some good clients are with me for a very long time. And if I give you an example of base client that I have, they're with me for four years almost and have been paying me almost somewhere between 6,000 to $9,000 a month. So that's, that's, that's the. I mean, that's a lot. I don't know. I cannot do the math right now, but that's the biggest one that I had.

Speaker B: And why do they stay with you for four years?

Speaker A: Like, because they like my services and I got started with them as a consultant, not as an agency, you know, so we have a very good relationship.

Speaker B: I see.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: And for the lesser ones, like, is it that your service isn't working for them and that's why the retention is kind of crap or.

Speaker A: Well, no, the retention is always good. Actually, for ad management services, the retention is always good. I have to calculate an average number of months they stay with me. But for the ones that has, I mean, there are four or five clients who have stayed with me for more than a year, like almost two years now. And apart from that, there are some clients who would leave after, let's say, working with me for five or six months. So these clients that I'm talking about, the smaller accounts, these are from freelancing platform. They're not worth much. I mean, money wise. Sorry. So. And that's why I'm trying to figure out how I can acquire clients outside of the platform. I don't have any effort going on right now to actively acquire clients.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Nothing.

Speaker B: I just had the greatest idea. This is something that I used to do with Eric Ley. Do you remember Eric Leverio? Yeah. We used to host events. This is such a good opportunity for you to build up your own network, but also get full of those.

Speaker A: Sorry.

Speaker B: Can you hear me?

Speaker A: I couldn't hear. Yeah, I couldn't hear you for a while.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. Can you hear me now? Okay. As I was saying, I just had the greatest idea. Eric Lane and I, when we started with Vireo, we got from 0 to 300k within 3 months just by running events. So what we used to do is we make it like a very small group meeting. We basically call it like, you know, C to series A Private founder dinner.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: One for series B to D, you should do the same thing. Right. Where, you know, maybe instead of like going after tier one accounts just by starting conversation that way, just literally reach out and be like, hey, I noticed you guys are going to CS Chfa. I'm hosting an event for 12 elite CPG founders in Toronto on the 20th. Do you want to join?

Speaker A: Bam. Right?

Speaker B: Matthew Wong can be the first guy that you bring.

Speaker A: You know what will stop me?

Speaker B: What?

Speaker A: There are some very experienced CPG founders in Toronto. Right. Many. Now I will feel like I'm not as experienced because they understand the entire thing. Right. It's not just E commerce. They understand how everything works together. And I don't have that kind of experience. So I'll be like, who am I to host this?

Speaker B: So that's where you leverage your network, so on. So what I mean by that is, for example, I know Andrew d', Souza, you know, the founder at Boardy. He's. He obviously is a cracked founder. Like he was at Clear Co, and then he. He also is at HF0, like the incubator in SF. But essentially I would use him as the anchor guest.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: I'll be like, you know, Vitali at Standoff Store is coming. Andrew d' Souza at Bordy is coming. Do you want to join us?

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: So if you have someone within your network that you feel like they're really established, you have a great relationship with them, invite them to the event first and use that person as the anchor person. So it's basically like an offshoot of your conference strategy where you host like event just for 12 people. They can cover their own bills. We didn't use to pay for their dinner.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: We used to have sponsors asking to cover for dinners, but not for the first couple ones. For the first couple ones, we had no sponsors and it was non Profit. Everyone just comes and pay for their own bill.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay. Okay. That's a nice one. I can definitely do it with. I mean, I told you, Suzy is one of them. I can probably also. I know a few more people. I don't have a good relationship with them yet. Probably that's something I can work towards.

Speaker B: There you go. I think that would be my exact strategy. Like, after this call, what I would do so is I'll call up all of your network and be like, hey, I'm going to be going to CHFA event on September 20th. I wonder if you're going. If you're going. I am hosting a dinner with 12 elite founders. Do you want to join us? And then you just keep, like, once you get one, use that person's name. Right? You know, Matthew Wong at Claim, who is coming. Do you want to join us? And then now, now that you've gotten the second you want to say, you know, Matthew Wong, Claim was coming, you know, Nicasio Sellers Interactive is coming. Do you want to join us? That'll be the first thing I do. Only for tier one accounts, the customers are your dream customers. And then for your tier 2 tier threes, do your LinkedIn mass outreach, do your HubSpot mass outreach, or email us outreach. And then when you get to the conference, you go around the booth asking people if you haven't filled up those 12 seats, you go into that conference and just be like, hey, I still have two spots left. Do you want to join us for dinner so you can have a longer conversation with those people? And then, so if you ask about social proof, this is the best social proof ever. Because you can be like, oh, I have like 10 people of the same CPG. We're going to be sharing insights in terms of how businesses are running the tariff situation. You know, now you're positioning yourself as not only a subject matter expert, but also a community builder.

Speaker A: All right. Huh.

Speaker B: So, yeah,

Speaker A: I need more guts to do it. Okay. I mean, I need more confidence to do it. I see. I need to work on myself.

Speaker B: I think outbound sales is definitely the toughest out there. Toughest job out there. But in person, selling is already a lot easier than cold calls.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Person, like people care about how they seem to other people. Right. So you always bring their best face forward. But if you're cold, calling, people can be real.

Speaker A: So I can get that. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: I don't have much trouble talking to people in person. That I can do.

Speaker B: Yeah, There you go.

Speaker A: Yeah. And last time, all I did was just trying to know about their business, how it's going. I didn't do anything else. When they would ask what I'm doing, I'm like, I, I don't know what, what I have to say now.

Speaker B: Well, you, you know, that's another piece is that you want to pitch a personalized approach to. So, for example, you know, if you're talking to me at Landbase, what I would say is, you know, I. Most of our customers are actually business services providers. Like, they sell to other businesses as well. You know, in one case they were selling to CPG firms and they only want to look for companies that are not selling on Amazon today and they're not selling on, you know, Instacart. So what we did is we went onto Etsy, scraped all of the list of vendors, comparing it with the database that we have on Amazon, mash them together, and I found out, you know, this list of Etsy stores don't. Are not currently advertising on Amazon. And that's how we've been able to get them. Like, as an example. Do you get what I mean? It's like I'm personal. I'm not giving you my, my AI pitch. I didn't even mention AI.

Speaker A: Right, right.

Speaker B: So the same thing with you, it's

Speaker A: like you're kind of saying it like you do these. It's like you have done it already. Something based on what you feel they are trying to do.

Speaker B: It's not just that. It's like you basically want to personalize their, to their industry. Right. You want to come up with your own take. It's like, you know what I've realized, like health and wellness industry is actually not doing that well these days for whatever reason. And what I found is X, Y and Z. Like, is that the case with you? Right. It's like you basically want to take your experience into account and just personalize your approach.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Well, you know what, Max? I'll take my time to think about this, all the things that you discussed and come up with my own way of talking.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, 100%. I mean, if there's anything that you want me to look over, feel free to send it over to me. Yeah, and just send me that list of. I need the domains, though. I can't just have the company name and.

Speaker A: No, I'll work on that. Let's see if ChatGPT can help with that

Speaker B: agent mode or something. Yeah, but yeah, like within the spreadsheet, like as long as I have a column of the company domains, I Should be able to find, like, their phone numbers, emails, and whatnot. Yeah, so I'll send that over to you. And yeah, just the remaining 50 bucks as well.

Speaker A: Sure. Max, would you be able to send me one invoice for 100?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, no problem.

Speaker A: Okay, yeah, I'll. Yeah, that. That. You know, why I need to keep.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, I get it. It's like taxes and shit, right?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: And you.

Speaker A: I'll send you the remaining $50.

Speaker B: Okay, sounds good. Once you send over the list, I'll send over the enriched list with all the contact as well as the invoice. And then if you want a second look at your sequences, just let me know.

Speaker A: Sure. Of course.

Speaker B: Use Luma to create. Here, I'll send you something. You want to use this platform to gather signups for your private dinner?

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: To make it more official.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, I'm nervous, but yeah, I'll look at it.

Speaker B: I'm here if you need anything. You can drop down my. I'll drop down my phone number and give me a text.

Speaker A: Okay. That would be great. I was thinking about that. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker B: I will also make the intro to Matthew Wong right now.

Speaker A: And Max, if I was thinking, will you be up for going with me that day?

Speaker B: Work, I mean.

Speaker A: I mean, hourly basis, let's say. I'll pay for your time.

Speaker B: Oh, wait, it's a weekend.

Speaker A: Is it?

Speaker B: Yeah. Let me think about it, because I. I recently got married and I don't know if my wife has anything planned, but.

Speaker A: Okay, well, congratulations, Max.

Speaker B: When did it happen? We got married two Fridays ago. Really? Okay.

Speaker A: Okay, awesome.

Speaker B: Yeah, cool. Um, so it's been a pleasure and I hope this chat helped. Text me if you have any questions. You should probably text me now so I have your number saved. And then I'll make the intro to Matt. I'll make the intro to Evan. When you're done, send me that list. I'll enrich it. I'll send you the invoice. If you need a second look at your email LinkedIn sequences, just let me know and.

Speaker A: Sounds good. Awesome.

Speaker B: Thank you. Thank you. Talk to you later.

Speaker A: Bye.

