Transcript for: Recording__748.mp4
Title: Recording #748
============================================================

Hello. I hope you are doing well. I am recording this video as a walkthrough video to launch the product on Amazon. Now, before I walk you through the keywords and the campaigns that we will be launching, there are some things we need to take care of. Because if we, if you see right now, this is our product, it doesn't have any reviews, right? We don't have any reviews at this point. And also there are a few ways of making your product offering more attractive. And if you run your advertisement after doing those steps, your advertisement will be more effective. So first of all, because you are a part of the brand registry, I mean, your brand is already registered. We have access to some parks. So for example, I couldn't, by the way, access these things in your account. That's why I decided that I will show you with another account that I have. So this is called the vine program. If you go to Menu and then advertising and then vine, if you click there, probably they will show you a different page because you are going to do it for the first time. And then you have to type your ace in here and then click on begin enrollment. Since you have, you don't have 30 units right now, but they have already started receiving the products, it's better if you enroll all 30 products. So what Amazon does in this process is they distribute your units, 30 of them at maximum, to 30 different individuals who are part of Amazon's vine review program. And then they will try your product and give you their feedback. So in this way you can have up to 30 reviews at maximum. But it's quite usual to expect, I will say somewhere between 15 to 22 or even in some cases 25 reviews. Now, usually Amazon charges, and these are the Amazon's charge charges. But I mean to just participate in the fine program and you, because you are launching it as the first product, this is your first product, they are going to, they're not going to charge this fee, but you are still going to distribute your products for free. And also they're going to charge some fees for shipping and handling. And also as if they will assume as if you have sold the product actually on Amazon. So they will also charge the Amazon referral fee, which is 15% of your price. Product price. Now that's one thing that you need to take care of. So I'll request that make sure this price is competitive and you want to sell it at this price. Because when you distribute products through the vine program, the reviewers, they also review the price. They may add comments based on the price. They may think it's quite expensive, they may think it's affordable. So they will give their opinion. So before you actually give them away, make sure the price is all right. This is the price you want to sell it at all right? So another thing is the coupons. And you can access these coupons from advertising and then coupons and VIN was from here. So after you go to coupon and then click on Create new Coupon, you will see all these options coming up. We're going to launch a standard coupon for all customers. Then you're going to type the ASIN and you're going to enroll. That you can either give a percentage discount or a dollar discount doesn't need to be very heavy. But something that makes sense, that doesn't, I mean, makes us in the sense it doesn't destroy your margin. It is something that you can afford to give away. So determine the coupon, how much you want to give according to that. So these are the two things that I will suggest you do before launching the ad campaigns. And once you enrolled in the vine program, it's going to take a while. You can expect that you will start receiving your reviews within two weeks, first two weeks, or even earlier than that sometimes. And you will see your reviews coming in maybe even one and a half months after enrolling in the product. We don't need to wait until one and a half months to launch your campaigns, but I do think that it's a better idea if you wait for at least some 3 or 4 reviews to come in before you launch your campaign. Because launching campaigns, we are on a budget, right? We have $3,000 budget. We want to ensure it's utilized, well utilized. So I think that it will be better if we just wait until you get at least three to four reviews. Okay, now let's talk about the keywords that we're going to launch, that we're going to target. So I'm going to send you this file where you will have these keywords that I have sorted. These are sorted first of all based on a relevant score that I have assigned and also Sarge volume that I've got from Helium 10. There are. These are highlighted in green because I have gone through them manually and I feel these are the ones that are most relevant. There are 96 keywords here and there are many more relevant keywords. But you know what? We cannot launch. There are 18,000 keywords in total, and not all of them are relevant. But even if you go through all of them and then pick all the Relevant keywords. We cannot launch campaigns with all of those. We have to be very picky. We have to have a strategy about which ones we're going to target and what is going to be the objective for each keyword that we target. So now you don't really need to go through this list. You can just go to this page and this is just to give you an idea of what we're going to launch advertisement campaigns for. We are going to have a solo keyword targeting campaign. Not one, actually two. One in exact match type, another one in phrase where we will be targeting this keyword, just one keyword in that campaign. And then we're going to launch another two campaigns. Actually one in exact, another one is phrase, match type. And we're going to launch two campuses with these keywords. These are the search volumes, by the way. And then similarly, we're going to launch two campaigns here and then we are going to launch another auto campaign with low bid. And you don't have to launch these campaigns. I will do it, but I'm not doing it right now, first of all, because I don't have access. And second, we need to complete the steps that I told you. That is the vine program and the coupon, especially the vine program. It's, it takes time. So we need to complete that before launching this. But after you are done, do let me know and I'll be happy to set it up for you. All right, so this is what you're going to do now. Let me give you a general idea about what one month of management may look like, which you will be doing. And I'm going to record a separate video after the campaigns are set up because it will be convenient if I could show you after creating the campaigns and then walk you through what exactly to look at how to decide what to do next. Also here I haven't mentioned the suggested beat, so that's something that we'll have to work on. And we can only get that data after launching the campaigns. So I'm going to just give you an overview for now and so that you know what exactly to expect and what exactly to look forward to. Okay, so after we launch all these campaigns, we first of all, it's when you launch new campaigns, it takes a while, at least two weeks to for Amazon to trust those campaigns. And because of that we are not going to make any drastic changes during the first two weeks. But that also doesn't mean we are not going to do anything because we are not sure the kind of bids that we have given in the beginning, they will be effective or not. So to make sure the bids that we have set up initially, that that is just when you launch the campaigns. Three days after that we'll be checking again just to see if they're at least getting some impressions. If we feel that they are not getting impressions at all, then we may need to adjust the bids, in fact, increase them a little bit to make them more competitive. That's the number, I mean, third day, then we are going to check again after one week of launch and we're going to check for the same thing. Are they getting enough impressions? Are they getting enough clicks? If they are getting impressions, where or which placements are they getting impressions from? And if we see, for example, most of the placements are coming from product page, not from the search result, then we may need to make the bids more competitive. Okay, so that's one week. And then after second week we'll have, we should have sufficient data. If the bids are competitive enough, we should have some data, not sufficient, but some data to make some bid changes that will make our campaigns more efficient. And then after the second week, we'll keep on doing this adjustment at least once every week because we just launched the campaigns. It is wise to do twice a week at least to keep an eye on what is going on and see if anything absurd is going on. Then we need to make some immediate adjustments. But I also should mention sometimes when you launch campaigns, we may feel like checking in every single day and then making, sometimes we may feel like, oh, it's not working out, let's make this change. And then you may end up making changes almost every day. I would suggest against that and I know that urge, how that urge feels, but I would advise against that because we just have too little data to make those adjustments for. Okay, so now this is kind of the basic. What I will ask you is to give me access to your advertisement and maybe I can also, I mean, if you are having trouble enrolling into the vine program, I can enroll it for you. And, And yes, that is it. I described the entire process. So before we launch these campaigns, we'll be doing the vine program and then after that is done the coupon and then we'll be launching the campaigns. But I, I, I mean I will keep the video until now. I'll end the video here. But we'll need to talk again after the vine program is start has started, we have got some reviews and then we'll be talking about launching these campaigns. I'll actually be the one to set up these campaigns, because that's what I'm supposed to do. Um, and I will take care of that when we are ready with the fine program. All right, so this is it for this video. Let me know if you have any questions. I'll be happy to answer them. Thank you so much. Bye for now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Hello. I hope you are doing well. I am recording this video as a walkthrough video to launch the product on Amazon. Now, before I walk you through the keywords and the campaigns that we will be launching, there are some things we need to take care of. Because if we, if you see right now, this is our product, it doesn't have any reviews, right? We don't have any reviews at this point. And also there are a few ways of making your product offering more attractive. And if you run your advertisement after doing those steps, your advertisement will be more effective. So first of all, because you are a part of the brand registry, I mean, your brand is already registered. We have access to some parks. So for example, I couldn't, by the way, access these things in your account. That's why I decided that I will show you with another account that I have. So this is called the vine program. If you go to Menu and then advertising and then vine, if you click there, probably they will show you a different page because you are going to do it for the first time. And then you have to type your ace in here and then click on begin enrollment. Since you have, you don't have 30 units right now, but they have already started receiving the products, it's better if you enroll all 30 products. So what Amazon does in this process is they distribute your units, 30 of them at maximum, to 30 different individuals who are part of Amazon's vine review program. And then they will try your product and give you their feedback. So in this way you can have up to 30 reviews at maximum. But it's quite usual to expect, I will say somewhere between 15 to 22 or even in some cases 25 reviews. Now, usually Amazon charges, and these are the Amazon's charge charges. But I mean to just participate in the fine program and you, because you are launching it as the first product, this is your first product, they are going to, they're not going to charge this fee, but you are still going to distribute your products for free. And also they're going to charge some fees for shipping and handling. And also as if they will assume as if you have sold the product actually on Amazon. So they will also charge the Amazon referral fee, which is 15% of your price. Product price. Now that's one thing that you need to take care of. So I'll request that make sure this price is competitive and you want to sell it at this price. Because when you distribute products through the vine program, the reviewers, they also review the price. They may add comments based on the price. They may think it's quite expensive, they may think it's affordable. So they will give their opinion. So before you actually give them away, make sure the price is all right. This is the price you want to sell it at all right? So another thing is the coupons. And you can access these coupons from advertising and then coupons and VIN was from here. So after you go to coupon and then click on Create new Coupon, you will see all these options coming up. We're going to launch a standard coupon for all customers. Then you're going to type the ASIN and you're going to enroll. That you can either give a percentage discount or a dollar discount doesn't need to be very heavy. But something that makes sense, that doesn't, I mean, makes us in the sense it doesn't destroy your margin. It is something that you can afford to give away. So determine the coupon, how much you want to give according to that. So these are the two things that I will suggest you do before launching the ad campaigns. And once you enrolled in the vine program, it's going to take a while. You can expect that you will start receiving your reviews within two weeks, first two weeks, or even earlier than that sometimes. And you will see your reviews coming in maybe even one and a half months after enrolling in the product. We don't need to wait until one and a half months to launch your campaigns, but I do think that it's a better idea if you wait for at least some 3 or 4 reviews to come in before you launch your campaign. Because launching campaigns, we are on a budget, right? We have $3,000 budget. We want to ensure it's utilized, well utilized. So I think that it will be better if we just wait until you get at least three to four reviews. Okay, now let's talk about the keywords that we're going to launch, that we're going to target. So I'm going to send you this file where you will have these keywords that I have sorted. These are sorted first of all based on a relevant score that I have assigned and also Sarge volume that I've got from Helium 10. There are. These are highlighted in green because I have gone through them manually and I feel these are the ones that are most relevant. There are 96 keywords here and there are many more relevant keywords. But you know what? We cannot launch. There are 18,000 keywords in total, and not all of them are relevant. But even if you go through all of them and then pick all the Relevant keywords. We cannot launch campaigns with all of those. We have to be very picky. We have to have a strategy

Speaker B: about

Speaker A: which ones we're going to target and what is going to be the objective for each keyword that we target. So now you don't really need to go through this list. You can just go to this page

Speaker B: and this is just to give you

Speaker A: an idea of what we're going to launch advertisement campaigns for. We are going to have a solo keyword targeting campaign. Not one, actually two. One in exact match type, another one in phrase where we will be targeting this keyword, just one keyword in that campaign. And then we're going to launch another two campaigns. Actually one in exact, another one is phrase, match type. And we're going to launch two campuses with these keywords. These are the search volumes, by the way. And then similarly, we're going to launch two campaigns here and then we are going to launch another auto campaign with low bid. And you don't have to launch these campaigns. I will do it, but I'm not doing it right now, first of all, because I don't have access.

Speaker B: And second, we need to complete the

Speaker A: steps that I told you. That is the vine program and the coupon, especially the vine program. It's, it takes time. So we need to complete that before launching this. But after you are done, do let me know and I'll be happy to set it up for you. All right, so this is what you're going to do now. Let me give you a general idea about what one month of management may look like, which you will be doing.

Speaker B: And I'm going to record a separate

Speaker A: video after the campaigns are set up because it will be convenient if I could show you after creating the campaigns and then walk you through what exactly to look at how to decide what to do next.

Speaker B: Also here I haven't mentioned the suggested

Speaker A: beat, so that's something that we'll have to work on. And we can only get that data after launching the campaigns.

Speaker B: So I'm going to just give you an overview for now and so that

Speaker A: you know what exactly to expect and what exactly to look forward to.

Speaker B: Okay, so after we launch all these campaigns, we first of all, it's when

Speaker A: you launch new campaigns, it takes a

Speaker B: while, at least two weeks to for Amazon to trust those campaigns. And because of that we are not going to make any drastic changes during

Speaker A: the first two weeks.

Speaker B: But that also doesn't mean we are not going to do anything because we

Speaker A: are not sure the kind of bids

Speaker B: that we have given in the beginning, they will be effective or not. So to make sure the bids that we have set up initially, that that is just when you launch the campaigns. Three days after that we'll be checking again just to see if they're at least getting some impressions. If we feel that they are not getting impressions at all, then we may need to adjust the bids, in fact, increase them a little bit to make them more competitive. That's the number, I mean, third day, then we are going to check again after one week of launch and we're going to check for the same thing. Are they getting enough impressions? Are they getting enough clicks? If they are getting impressions, where or which placements are they getting impressions from? And if we see, for example, most

Speaker A: of the placements are coming from product

Speaker B: page, not from the search result, then we may need to make the bids more competitive. Okay, so that's one week. And then after second week we'll have, we should have sufficient data. If the bids are competitive enough, we should have some data, not sufficient, but some data to make some bid changes that will make our campaigns more efficient. And then after the second week, we'll keep on doing this adjustment at least once every week because we just launched the campaigns. It is wise to do twice a week at least to keep an eye on what is going on and

Speaker A: see

Speaker B: if anything absurd is going on. Then we need to make some immediate adjustments. But I also should mention sometimes when you launch campaigns, we may feel like checking in every single day and then making, sometimes we may feel like, oh, it's not working out, let's make this change. And then you may end up making changes almost every day. I would suggest against that and I know that urge, how that urge feels,

Speaker A: but I would advise against that because

Speaker B: we just have too little data to make those adjustments for. Okay, so now this is kind of the basic.

Speaker A: What I will ask you is to

Speaker B: give me access to your advertisement and maybe I can also, I mean, if you are having trouble enrolling into the vine program, I can enroll it for you. And, And yes, that is it. I described the entire process. So before we launch these campaigns, we'll be doing the vine program and then after that is done the coupon and then we'll be launching the campaigns. But I, I, I mean I will keep the video until now. I'll end the video here. But we'll need to talk again after the vine program is start has started, we have got some reviews and then we'll be talking about launching these campaigns. I'll actually be the one to set up these campaigns, because that's what I'm supposed to do. Um, and I will take care of that when we are ready with the fine program. All right, so this is it for this video. Let me know if you have any questions. I'll be happy to answer them. Thank you so much. Bye for now.

