Transcript for: Recording__564.mp4
Title: Recording #564
============================================================

Hey. Yeah, just allow me a moment, sir. Sure. Yes sir. Hey, how are you doing today? Yes sir, I'm doing great. Actually there was a network problem. That is the main reason. Yeah, I'm not able to join. Yeah, yeah, that's okay. By the way, it looks a bit dark in your place. You see. I don't know why that is happening. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just, just. Just talking. It's fine. I mean if you. Awesome. Yeah, it's better. Of course. Well, so thanks for joining on a Saturday. I mean I just wanted to get these done as soon, as soon as possible because we need to make a decision quickly. Now I already resume. It looks like you have a ton of experience in this domain not only with Amazon but also on various other e commerce platforms for many companies. So I'd like to know a little bit about how you got into this domain. I see that you have studied commerce and marketing so it's relevant. And then how did you get into this? Yes sir. Actually firstly I would like to introduce myself. I belongs to Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh and that time when I joined organization which name is Aditya Birla Group as a CSC customer service associate. So due to some financial conditions and as well as I want to pursue my study, that's why I have to work. Because in my family we are not having that much of money to afford my education. So that's why I have started my career in corporate sector on. In private sector. I have just joined, I was working as an associate and after that I just got an opportunity to join Azure Knowledge Corporation as a seller onboarding executive. Okay. So in. In Azure Knowledge Corporation I have started my career with the seller onboarding. After that I also attend some of the trainings from my project managers and some of the trainers. I started listing product, I knew what is a sponsor product. I started making sponsor ads and I knew a lot of the things about bidding, how it is work, how they work and after that I also know about the other marketplaces, how Flipkart work, how then Bishop come also then I will also know I got a chance to know how Misho is working. So I am having a good adaptability of learning and getting the things in a single time. So this is the journey from where I started my e commerce career and after that I have getting success and I have updated my skills and just got the VMs and in my in VMs I have all majorly enhanced my skills in VMs while working because I have handled up to 10 lakhs of budget over the echos of 7 to 15%. Okay. And that time when I joined VMs so they were generating the sales of 45 lakhs in a month. And when I left the VMS they was generating 65 lakhs of sale. Okay, which one is GMS? Is it the current company? Not the current one. Second. No, no, it's not. It's not a current company. But it is a very important thing in my resume actually. That's why I have mentioned. Right. Well so you know what, all those things that you did, they are relevant for this role. Now I see that you joined the Last Company in August 2023 and you are looking for a new opportunity now. So what is not working out there? Yeah, actually please let me clear one thing. Actually it is my own company. AVVSX was private limited. Okay. And I have an opportunity to work for A to Z Fasteners limited which is UK based company. So they were not having an option to pay me directly. That's why they have suggested me to register your own company. Otherwise they have to assign any third party payroll to give me some payment just because of the tax issues and their laws. So that was the reason of registering my company. Okay. Okay. So it's like you are a service provider for the other company under your own. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I wasn't a service provider for that company. And after that I got an idea do I can also do the same thing for other vendors and other sailors. So I also did the same thing. I also hired some of the people. I also made my own team. But actually unfortunately it. It didn't work. Okay. Yeah. So I have to close and just because of the payment issue actually still I'm not getting my payment from my current sailor. And I can say my employer, which company name is A to Z Fastness Ltd. They actually hold my five months of payment right now. Five months? It is approximately. Yeah, approximately around 2.5 lakhs or 3 lakhs if I'm not wrong. Five to six months of payments. Wow. Well, I hope that you get that soon. So it looks like that it's mostly because of that payment issue that you don't want to continue working there anymore. Yeah, yeah. That is the main reason. Otherwise I don't want to change because I am doing great in my current role. So I, I was very comfortable and I was doing the same things accordingly and efficiently. And they was, they were also that time appreciating the things. But I. I don't think so. If I am not wrong, they are also having some problem or some trouble. So maybe is it a reason? Okay, well, you know what I'm. So you see, we of course give a, we of course give some information in the job description there. But apart from that, did you get a chance to look up, look into our company or. No. Learn anything about our company? If so I would like to ask what you discovered when you tried to do. No, actually I haven't checked anything to be very honest. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So now that we have talked about your current situation and then what you're looking for, how about we talk a little bit about, you know, this industry is ever changing. So Amazon, if you just consider Amazon, they release new updates, it's ad even for advertisement, things keep on changing. So how do you keep yourself up to date about all those new changes? Yes, sometimes I have to check their newsletters and as well as their seller university and I also gone through some of the certification like Amazon DSP AT certification and Amazon AD certifications. But I haven't completed that because I was getting the same thing which I was known already. That's why I, I haven't completed my certification. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. All right. So. And I'm also using helium 10. Okay. Yeah, helium 10, of course. That's a very helpful tool. Yeah. So if you, you see we are based in Canada, so the time zone, the work, the time zone is of course in the estate and that would be awkward hours in India. So for example, if we consider the regular work hours to be 9:00am EST to 5:30 EST, that's right now because the time zone was 6:30, 6:30 to 5:30 is 3:00am I'm not going to ask you to work until 3, of course. But then there has to be some significant overlap. So are you comfortable with that? Yeah, I can. Have you worked EST hours before? No, no, no, haven't. So if you, let's say had to do at least one half, 6:30, 6:30 to 10:30, at least 10:30pm so that will be okay with you, you're saying? Yeah, it will be also okay with me. And actually I am having late night sleeping issue. So that's why I actually I also sleep at 2:30am Mostly. Okay. Okay. So that's, it looks like that you can make it work and it's also like, you know, I feel, I mean I'm definitely not going to ask you to do that. I mean work until 3 or 3:30 every day because, and I mean I don't think we even need that because if there is a Significant overlap of four to five hours every day. That's sufficient. Apart from that, you can work the rest of the hours, let's say three to four hours on your own time. You can manage that. Can I ask something? Sure, yeah, yeah. If you are saying something then you can please continue. Sorry to interrupt it. No, go ahead, go ahead. Yeah. Actually, do I have to also manage the clients in the current role? Well, no, it's not going to be a front facing role. I think we should also talk about that. So I'll give you some context. What's happening is we're quite a small company here. We have a number of clients. What we do is we provide e commerce related services, but the primary focus is Amazon. There are two things that you do primarily. One is ad management and providing them with copywriting and design services for their listings. Now see, we have been. One of the struggles that the company has for a long time is that the growth is stagnant. And the reason the growth is stagnant is because we are not working on the growth component. Because I mean, if you want to grow a company, you need to work on the growth component of it. Right. And the reason is we are too busy with client fulfillment. So at this point what we're trying to do is we're trying to hire somebody who could take things off our plates so that we can work on the growth component of the company. So that means, you know, probably focusing on the content marketing, networking and going to various events. We want to free up our time to do that. And that's the reason we are trying to look for somebody who can, you know, take things off our plate and do things. I mean, someone responsible will be able to do things properly. Yeah, understood. Completely understood. Yeah. So your question was a little bit about the companies. Does it answer your question by the way? Actually, do I have to manage the clients I have just asked? No. As you know, you don't have to directly communicate with them. It will not be a front facing role. But then you'll be working more on the operations and kind of managing the things. So let's say a client is in a. We are onboarding a new client. You have to know, understand their current situation, what their objectives are. And based on these two things you should be able to strategize what needs to be done and actually deliver on. It will not be a front facing role. In the beginning you don't have to communicate with the clients. But then eventually maybe there is a possibility if things work out properly, we'll also Be able to hand over the communication part eventually because you know. Yeah. Actually there is a reason behind asking this. Okay, that's why. What is that? Actually if. If. If I don't have to manage the clients that I don't have to interact with them. So I can also start my day early in order to complete the work efficiently. Yeah, yeah. Because I. I am very focused on the efficiency. Got it, got it. Yeah, that makes sense. You're right. You will have more flexibility with your hours. So you don't prefer that you don't have to communicate with clients? No, no, no, no. I sometimes I preferred because. Just because of the accent and all of the things because I am not very well in communicating with the foreigners and as comparison to their accent because I am able to speak. I am having a communication skill as professional and conversational. But not like. Not like Americans and Canadians. Yeah, yeah, no, I get that. Well, I do have an accent too, you see. Anyway. Yeah. So now coming to compensation. So you see we mentioned a compensation of 4 LPA in the job post. But I would like to ask you what do you expect it. What would be a good compensation for you? Actually with my current compensation. Actually what I was getting, I was getting 50k in hand in INRS. Okay. So that is. Yeah, it was my last compensation and it's as I know it is a startup or we are planning our growth. So I understood these all the things and it's all up to you. You can compensate according to my skills and let me know where I'm fitting in your budget. Well, you know, we have a little bit of room there. But what I am afraid is if you're getting 50,036 LPA you will not be motivated if we offer anything less than that. Isn't it the case? Yeah, but I got an opportunity to work in Amazon.com and Amazon USA. So that is amazing. Most important thing and I am not having that much of responsibilities right now. I am just having a three people family. I'm. I'm single person, I'm not married. So I can manage if you compensate lesser some sometimes. But anyone. Everyone is expecting a good numbers while we talk about the compensation. So I also appreciate the same thing. But according to the situation I can negotiate. Okay, well, so in terms of the next steps Ashutosh, what we'll do is. I will. It's an assessment. Basically what I'm going to do is. Let's say it's a. It's going to be an imaginary situation where we are going to onboard a Specific client. I'm going to give you some context about their situation now, what they want to do and what I would ask is to make a plan. It's like you don't have to actually go ahead and implement things, but you have to understand their situation and objective and make a plan. What are the things you will do? For the first I. I believe it was six days. I'll send you the assessment. Yeah. In terms of. Let's say when you are dealing with a brand on Amazon, it's not just ads or SEO, it can be way things beyond that. Right. It can be coming up with a strategy for the storefront, a strategy for how you're planning to promote this product first of all. And also to understand what are the opportunities that are there. So it can be of course the market research component of it. And then if you particularly want to talk about the product listing. Right. You have to identify what's missing, where you can find opportunities and what you can improve. So anyway, all these things will be mentioned. The deliverables that, I mean all these points that I just discussed. The deliverables will be mentioned in the assessment. I'll send it to you. And do you think you'll have the time to submit it within like let's say by Tuesday? Yeah, I can. Okay, awesome. So that's the next tip and that's kind of all that I had to talk about from my end. Unless you want to ask some. Some questions. Yeah, I want to ask first. My first question actually. We also managing the vendor central. Vendor central client. No, not at this point. Yeah. So that is it from my side and we are into more in advertisement or if I, if I wanted to know what is the part and what is the percentage of advertisement and operational work. I can say like listing cataloging A plus content management and the brand store building and the content writing designing part. So what is the weightage in the complete work? Well, so how we are thinking is not to transfer the advertisement management responsibilities that much in the beginning. The most of it will be catalog management and also SEO listing optimization work whenever we have to do it, doing the market research. And also even for advertisement, let's say we are managing one client and we have certain KPI goals. Right. So someone has to be able to keep track of what is going on and all those things. That is, that is the. That is what we are thinking of transferring at the beginning. Yeah, completely understood. Okay, sir. Awesome. All right. So Ashutosh, it's nice talking to you. I'll send you the assessment right after this meeting, and I look forward to receiving it by Tuesday. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Definitely, sir. Yeah, you have a wonderful day. Bye now. Yeah, have a great day, sir. Yeah, bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Hey.

Speaker B: Yeah, just allow me a moment, sir.

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker B: Yes sir.

Speaker A: Hey, how are you doing today?

Speaker B: Yes sir, I'm doing great. Actually there was a network problem. That is the main reason. Yeah, I'm not able to join.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, that's okay. By the way, it looks a bit dark in your place. You see. I don't know why that is happening.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just, just. Just talking.

Speaker A: It's fine. I mean if you.

Speaker B: Awesome.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's better. Of course. Well, so thanks for joining on a Saturday. I mean I just wanted to get these done as soon, as soon as possible because we need to make a decision quickly. Now I already resume. It looks like you have a ton of experience in this domain not only with Amazon but also on various other e commerce platforms for many companies. So I'd like to know a little bit about how you got into this domain. I see that you have studied commerce and marketing so it's relevant. And then how did you get into this?

Speaker B: Yes sir. Actually firstly I would like to introduce myself. I belongs to Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh and that time when I joined organization which name is Aditya Birla Group as a CSC customer service associate. So due to some financial conditions and as well as I want to pursue my study, that's why I have to work. Because in my family we are not having that much of money to afford my education. So that's why I have started my career in corporate sector on. In private sector. I have just joined, I was working as an associate and after that I just got an opportunity to join Azure Knowledge Corporation as a seller onboarding executive.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So in. In Azure Knowledge Corporation I have started my career with the seller onboarding. After that I also attend some of the trainings from my project managers and some of the trainers. I started listing product, I knew what is a sponsor product. I started making sponsor ads and I knew a lot of the things about bidding, how it is work, how they work and after that I also know about the other marketplaces, how Flipkart work, how then Bishop come also then I will also know I got a chance to know how Misho is working. So I am having a good adaptability of learning and getting the things in a single time. So this is the journey from where I started my e commerce career and after that I have getting success and I have updated my skills and just got the VMs and in my in VMs I have all majorly enhanced my skills in VMs while working because I have handled up to 10 lakhs of budget over the echos of 7 to 15%.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And that time when I joined VMs so they were generating the sales of 45 lakhs in a month. And when I left the VMS they was generating 65 lakhs of sale.

Speaker A: Okay, which one is GMS? Is it the current company? Not the current one. Second.

Speaker B: No, no, it's not. It's not a current company. But it is a very important thing in my resume actually. That's why I have mentioned. Right.

Speaker A: Well so you know what, all those things that you did, they are relevant for this role. Now I see that you joined the Last Company in August 2023 and you are looking for a new opportunity now. So what is not working out there?

Speaker B: Yeah, actually please let me clear one thing. Actually it is my own company. AVVSX was private limited.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And I have an opportunity to work for A to Z Fasteners limited which is UK based company. So they were not having an option to pay me directly. That's why they have suggested me to register your own company. Otherwise they have to assign any third party payroll to give me some payment just because of the tax issues and their laws. So that was the reason of registering my company.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So it's like you are a service provider for the other company under your own.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I wasn't a service provider for that company. And after that I got an idea do I can also do the same thing for other vendors and other sailors. So I also did the same thing. I also hired some of the people. I also made my own team. But actually unfortunately it. It didn't work.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. So I have to close and just because of the payment issue actually still I'm not getting my payment from my current sailor. And I can say my employer, which company name is A to Z Fastness Ltd. They actually hold my five months of payment right now.

Speaker A: Five months?

Speaker B: It is approximately. Yeah, approximately around 2.5 lakhs or 3 lakhs if I'm not wrong. Five to six months of payments. Wow.

Speaker A: Well, I hope that you get that soon. So it looks like that it's mostly because of that payment issue that you don't want to continue working there anymore.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. That is the main reason. Otherwise I don't want to change because I am doing great in my current role. So I, I was very comfortable and I was doing the same things accordingly and efficiently. And they was, they were also that time appreciating the things. But I. I don't think so. If I am not wrong, they are also having some problem or some trouble. So maybe is it a reason?

Speaker A: Okay, well, you know what I'm. So you see, we of course give a, we of course give some information in the job description there. But apart from that, did you get a chance to look up, look into our company or. No. Learn anything about our company? If so I would like to ask what you discovered when you tried to do.

Speaker B: No, actually I haven't checked anything to be very honest.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: So now that we have talked about your current situation and then what you're looking for, how about we talk a little bit about, you know, this industry is ever changing. So Amazon, if you just consider Amazon, they release new updates, it's ad even for advertisement, things keep on changing. So how do you keep yourself up to date about all those new changes?

Speaker B: Yes, sometimes I have to check their newsletters and as well as their seller university and I also gone through some of the certification like Amazon DSP AT certification and Amazon AD certifications. But I haven't completed that because I was getting the same thing which I was known already. That's why I, I haven't completed my certification.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. All right. So.

Speaker B: And I'm also using helium 10.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, helium 10, of course. That's a very helpful tool.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So if you, you see we are based in Canada, so the time zone, the work, the time zone is of course in the estate and that would be awkward hours in India. So for example, if we consider the regular work hours to be 9:00am EST to 5:30 EST, that's right now because the time zone was 6:30, 6:30 to 5:30 is 3:00am I'm not going to ask you to work until 3, of course. But then there has to be some significant overlap. So are you comfortable with that?

Speaker B: Yeah, I can.

Speaker A: Have you worked EST hours before?

Speaker B: No, no, no, haven't.

Speaker A: So if you, let's say had to do at least one half, 6:30, 6:30 to 10:30, at least 10:30pm so that will be okay with you, you're saying?

Speaker B: Yeah, it will be also okay with me. And actually I am having late night sleeping issue. So that's why I actually I also sleep at 2:30am Mostly.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So that's, it looks like that you can make it work and it's also like, you know, I feel, I mean I'm definitely not going to ask you to do that. I mean work until 3 or 3:30 every day because, and I mean I don't think we even need that because if there is a Significant overlap of four to five hours every day. That's sufficient. Apart from that, you can work the rest of the hours, let's say three to four hours on your own time. You can manage that.

Speaker B: Can I ask something? Sure, yeah, yeah. If you are saying something then you can please continue. Sorry to interrupt it.

Speaker A: No, go ahead, go ahead.

Speaker B: Yeah. Actually, do I have to also manage the clients in the current role?

Speaker A: Well, no, it's not going to be a front facing role. I think we should also talk about that. So I'll give you some context. What's happening is we're quite a small company here. We have a number of clients. What we do is we provide e commerce related services, but the primary focus is Amazon. There are two things that you do primarily. One is ad management and providing them with copywriting and design services for their listings. Now see, we have been. One of the struggles that the company has for a long time is that the growth is stagnant. And the reason the growth is stagnant is because we are not working on the growth component. Because I mean, if you want to grow a company, you need to work on the growth component of it. Right. And the reason is we are too busy with client fulfillment. So at this point what we're trying to do is we're trying to hire somebody who could take things off our plates so that we can work on the growth component of the company. So that means, you know, probably focusing on the content marketing, networking and going to various events. We want to free up our time to do that. And that's the reason we are trying to look for somebody who can, you know, take things off our plate and do things. I mean, someone responsible will be able to do things properly.

Speaker B: Yeah, understood. Completely understood.

Speaker A: Yeah. So your question was a little bit about the companies. Does it answer your question by the way?

Speaker B: Actually, do I have to manage the clients I have just asked?

Speaker A: No. As you know, you don't have to directly communicate with them. It will not be a front facing role. But then you'll be working more on the operations and kind of managing the things. So let's say a client is in a. We are onboarding a new client. You have to know, understand their current situation, what their objectives are. And based on these two things you should be able to strategize what needs to be done and actually deliver on. It will not be a front facing role. In the beginning you don't have to communicate with the clients. But then eventually maybe there is a possibility if things work out properly, we'll also Be able to hand over the communication part eventually because you know.

Speaker B: Yeah. Actually there is a reason behind asking this. Okay, that's why.

Speaker A: What is that?

Speaker B: Actually if. If. If I don't have to manage the clients that I don't have to interact with them. So I can also start my day early in order to complete the work efficiently. Yeah, yeah. Because I. I am very focused on the efficiency.

Speaker A: Got it, got it. Yeah, that makes sense. You're right. You will have more flexibility with your hours. So you don't prefer that you don't have to communicate with clients?

Speaker B: No, no, no, no. I sometimes I preferred because. Just because of the accent and all of the things because I am not very well in communicating with the foreigners and as comparison to their accent because I am able to speak. I am having a communication skill as professional and conversational. But not like. Not like Americans and Canadians.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, no, I get that. Well, I do have an accent too, you see. Anyway.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So now coming to compensation. So you see we mentioned a compensation of 4 LPA in the job post. But I would like to ask you what do you expect it. What would be a good compensation for you?

Speaker B: Actually with my current compensation. Actually what I was getting, I was getting 50k in hand in INRS. Okay. So that is. Yeah, it was my last compensation and it's as I know it is a startup or we are planning our growth. So I understood these all the things and it's all up to you. You can compensate according to my skills and let me know where I'm fitting in your budget.

Speaker A: Well, you know, we have a little bit of room there. But what I am afraid is if you're getting 50,036 LPA you will not be motivated if we offer anything less than that. Isn't it the case?

Speaker B: Yeah, but I got an opportunity to work in Amazon.com and Amazon USA. So that is amazing. Most important thing and I am not having that much of responsibilities right now. I am just having a three people family. I'm. I'm single person, I'm not married. So I can manage if you compensate lesser some sometimes. But anyone. Everyone is expecting a good numbers while we talk about the compensation. So I also appreciate the same thing. But according to the situation I can negotiate.

Speaker A: Okay, well, so in terms of the next steps Ashutosh, what we'll do is. I will. It's an assessment. Basically what I'm going to do is. Let's say it's a. It's going to be an imaginary situation where we are going to onboard a Specific client. I'm going to give you some context about their situation now, what they want to do and what I would ask is to make a plan. It's like you don't have to actually go ahead and implement things, but you have to understand their situation and objective and make a plan. What are the things you will do? For the first I. I believe it was six days. I'll send you the assessment.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: In terms of. Let's say when you are dealing with a brand on Amazon, it's not just ads or SEO, it can be way things beyond that. Right. It can be coming up with a strategy for the storefront, a strategy for how you're planning to promote this product first of all. And also to understand what are the opportunities that are there. So it can be of course the market research component of it. And then if you particularly want to talk about the product listing. Right. You have to identify what's missing, where you can find opportunities and what you can improve. So anyway, all these things will be mentioned. The deliverables that, I mean all these points that I just discussed. The deliverables will be mentioned in the assessment. I'll send it to you. And do you think you'll have the time to submit it within like let's say by Tuesday?

Speaker B: Yeah, I can.

Speaker A: Okay, awesome. So that's the next tip and that's kind of all that I had to talk about from my end. Unless you want to ask some. Some questions.

Speaker B: Yeah, I want to ask first. My first question actually. We also managing the vendor central. Vendor central client.

Speaker A: No, not at this point. Yeah.

Speaker B: So that is it from my side and we are into more in advertisement or if I, if I wanted to know what is the part and what is the percentage of advertisement and operational work. I can say like listing cataloging A plus content management and the brand store building and the content writing designing part. So what is the weightage in the complete work?

Speaker A: Well, so how we are thinking is not to transfer the advertisement management responsibilities that much in the beginning. The most of it will be catalog management and also SEO listing optimization work whenever we have to do it, doing the market research. And also even for advertisement, let's say we are managing one client and we have certain KPI goals. Right. So someone has to be able to keep track of what is going on and all those things. That is, that is the. That is what we are thinking of transferring at the beginning.

Speaker B: Yeah, completely understood. Okay, sir.

Speaker A: Awesome. All right. So Ashutosh, it's nice talking to you. I'll send you the assessment right after this meeting, and I look forward to receiving it by Tuesday.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Definitely, sir.

Speaker A: Yeah, you have a wonderful day. Bye now.

Speaker B: Yeah, have a great day, sir. Yeah, bye.

