Transcript for: Recording__137.mp4
Title: Recording #137
============================================================

That's nice. I don't know if everybody saw. I know you sent over the plan there, Annaba, and I don't know if anyone saw my email there, but I just put a few agenda items out for discussion. Did you want to share that first? Okay. Yeah. I have a hard stop at 10:40, so we can't just jump into if you want to pull up your plan because what I was thinking on Canada, we specifically need to talk about snack mixes and the variety packs and just make sure we're stocked. So to Amadov's point in his email, he's gone for the month of March. So ideally you can kind of just get some Runway to relieve our team here with any additional work that needs to be done for that month. I'm gone 5th of March, coming back. Okay. So just making sure that we're well stocked and have some good momentum there. I wanted to talk about the buy box last week and maybe I was looking at the Right. But I want to talk about that again to just be clear and yes, just some content updates. So let's start on forecast Canada. So we're currently snack mix right now. We're currently sold out and you have 150ish inbound right now. Right. So we are planning to ship 150 out today. But there is a customer order which shows five and there is one piece, one case and receiving. So five is in movement in order I would say and then available to book. In Canada. Usually take one or two weeks. This one will be super quick because it's going out to gallery. Okay. So it could be like two days if it is a queue, but it should be fairly quick compared to. Yeah, Can we do something. Right from suppliers? Okay. I was going to suggest can we do 500 there? Yeah. So right now what I'm referencing is we have a constraint on volume. All of our resellers are taking their pip. So basically we'd like to see 500 but you're going to have to tell us what you can make. Okay. In the next. Week of March we'll be able to just rest and get caught up on our hype. But yeah, 63 won't do anything for us. We need like 300. Okay. So first can we specs on whether we do. So I'm doing a production run on the week of 14. Do you want to do another build the last week of like or do you want me to do a heavy. Well, depends on how heavy you go. Right. So snack will be a question mark. Irrespective of whether the decided or not, we have to figure out what my current inventory is. But except let's say for all these. Do you need to plan for four months for my next build instead of three months? Because what are you saying? That's not good, right? That is what we had discussed. And then. This recommendation is based on still three months inventory. But if you need it, I just change your mind and my number change. So if we decide to do just one shipment the week after and close it after April, then I'll multiply by four. If not, then we do one on the week of 14 and then again the next week. Yeah, yeah. So no, I'm just saying this column Q. When is it being made? And then you're saying. So there would be six weeks before we build Amazon again. Yes, yes. Okay. So we can those numbers. No problem. Yes. Okay. So for sure on snack we want like you're gonna have to have. Months. Okay. Yeah. So snack is right now at least 500 in there. Okay. Okay. And then I would make that note that potentially like, Like, like. Yeah, yeah. We haven't even reviews yet because. I know. Yeah, we have some. Yeah. From fine. We have 16 reviews so far. 4.5 stars and what is it? No, no. 4.5. Closely. We need. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So let's do heavy for all other pallet. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. What I was saying, we're gonna. Oil like. Three months in there. Yeah, Yeah. Okay. But oil has to use shelf life. And then we are. But this is. Thousands last month. Yeah. So also that's picking up. And in the last seven days we sold close to 290 units. And that means close to 1240 units a month. If we can maintain the momentum. Close to 290 units. Okay. So 12, 1200. So sorry. Right, right. Yes. Yeah. And then you're going to throw another 2275. That should be fine. Okay. Okay. And then the 30 pack. Which one 500. It's easiest for me to just look at this. Okay. That one is all right. Okay. So. Two months. I'll be able to see the inventory for five items. Let me see. It shows so my shipment. Updated. Comments. Okay. Okay. And then. We'll be guiding labels generation. So that is what we are trying to avoid that we want to send heavy. Like I have all the notes in place to go through. Yeah, yeah. But since it is more like detailed level. Send a month extra stock so that we don't have to worry about. Yeah, yeah. Okay. But maybe you come to a situation where you absolutely need to send something then maybe you can decide by numbers. And I try to see if I can work with. Cuz you're saying February 14th and then snack mixes. Like snack mixes. We won't be able to. Number one. I still have another. 26th and it won't arrive until 1st. Let me try to see. And the following. Month. And then the next one will be first April. We'll be able to stock up like refill. Right. Right. Not. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay, that's good. Okay. So if I go to Amazon usa and do my same math here. Okay. Yeah, That's right. Yeah. So you want me to see this trend continuing? I think so. It's been going on for at least the last two months. So yeah. Hopefully. So we can update the forecast. Okay. Okay. And then. Okay. Okay. Okay. That should be fine. Like that IC sold. I'm so sorry, what was that? So when I create an order and I'm checking for any negative does that show up in units? It does. Okay. Okay. So don't think it's abundance. I'd have to. I don't know. I don't know. But just something to think about. Did you notice that. It was mostly. Okay, less than. Okay. Okay. So that's all. The same date. Okay. Okay. Should we not send anything like. Does it slow down? Let me check. Yeah, I think it was the better months. But let me check right now. What's going on. Like even 90. And that was. That was in December. Before that it was like 55. Yeah. But just for the month. I think we are. We are okay with that one because December was a very strong month. Yeah. So I think we're okay with the. I mean the numbers are okay. We don't need to send anything. Okay. Okay. Snacks to go for 28 grams. Based on the inventory. This weekend. My recommendation for four months. But again we have seen different suggestions over the past few weeks. Let me know. And again it's just four stars. So that 18 pack. Just wondering. Why don't you make it. Make it 200 off of that 18 pack. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Because we were not sending 15 gram for a long time. Right. And then now it's coming up planning phase. Yeah. We really, really, really. But right now they're kind of even selling evenly right now. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So yeah, the snack. Snack. And I don't know. Once it is done. But no one has stepped into Amazon yet. It used to some extent like he has done. He has done in the past. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Well. And then generate generating like. Yeah, definitely Support that if we need touch base. So that very clear on what are you doing back end and then taking it from your team because Rachel customers. Right. I can do that on Amazon. I. I'm just not aware about how it works internally in your company. So I can definitely help with creating the shipments on Amazon and the labels. Yeah, yeah. So that's an option. There. There are multiple moving pieces. Right. We have to decide the best we are having here. We have to check. Totality and that would create more. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. But yeah, I think probably could be a person who could identify the loopholes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But just that she is not executed. Yeah, yeah. Okay. We can chat about that. Yeah, yeah. Either with you. Okay. Okay. This one is already built. Everything, Everything. And tomorrow. Yeah, yes. Okay, great. So actually email here. I just want to make sure. But yes, I can include anyone. For going through building. Yeah, yeah. Okay, great. After this. Because I know we're not going to start using the July stock because that basically means that. Yeah, we have to switch it to dill pickle. So we kind of need some timing on where you're at for CF salt fava quantities to continue packing and the lentil quantities to continue packing. Because then show home in Britney, once the lentils are sold out, we're actually just discontinuing that item because show home we're like completely discontinuing two of the flavors of the lentils. We're only going to have barbecue lentils so we can talk about if we want to have a lentil item. But we were just going to completely rationalize out of them. So what I want to say is the. The chickpeas will stay the same. It's just a new design. We still have those skus with the fava beans. We have to. It will be dill pickle, cheddar and sweet chili. The sea salt is going away. So I don't know if we can just flip in a new flavor on an existing ASIN or so. Yeah, we just need some stock updates and above on when you're going to run out of those items. Like it just. Is it like, like probably gonna happen in February. Okay, so good catch on that. So I think we are out of sea sort of in Canada because Dhruv and Marianne, they were just discussing yesterday on whom to allocate the stocks for in Canada. Oh, I see. So this assembly, this recommendation amount, can you even make that? Probably not. And that's fine because this was just my initial planning. And then like once we so How I move is once we finalize this, then I go to checking the stocks and doing my allocations and that is my preparatory stage. But yeah, but yeah. Okay, so just if you get into this recommendation, if you're not gonna be able to make it, and then at least we just know. Because again, just selling out rentals, we're not cheating changing anything. The one I'm concerned about is are you changing. No. Once you're out of one of the lentils. This item. Yeah, yeah. So I'll just put a comment. If no stock, Then. Okay, okay. Because you wouldn't have sea salt vinegar left either, right? Yeah, I guess you have some because you're trying to sell it through on Shopify. I would have to look at the numbers. Yeah. And Alicia, will we ever go to like a sleep pack barbecue or. That just kind of goes against our whole variety pack. I just don't want. I. I don't want show home spending budget dollars on that item. Right. Like, it's just kind of like, why put it there and create a complexity? But, but we can talk about that. Like we can do a three pack of barbecue or it's not our hero item. So it doesn't necessarily need to go focused on Amazon. Yeah, yeah. Because people will just come to our website looking for it. Right. And then they can get it there. But yeah, yeah, that's true. Okay. Yeah. But the other one is your sea salt faba. So when you go to build these favas, remember, you gotta watch out. Don't use that July stock. You got stuck. I can't hear anything. The. The sea salt favas. So the fava bean variety pack, you showed me two stock dates. One best before was July and one was another one September. Yeah, yeah. So if you're building for four months of inventory, do not use that July. Okay. Okay. And then you definitely need to let us know when you're running low on that sea salt fava, because we have to switch in dill pickle on this Asin. So there is actually some work that needs to be done on the Fava bean three pack show home. Can you simply. If you already have a two pack that exists, can we change. Can we simply change out a flavor using all the same as stuff? Yeah, we can. Yeah. Okay. So we should start whatever that looks like because we'll likely have to do it sometime. I'm going to guess in March. Okay. So I'll need the images. And it's basically similar to what we did when we updated the package. So we'll simply Just an image update. We don't have to change anything in the backend image and then the title and the text content. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. It's just that we are swapping one flavor, right? Yeah. We're swapping sea salt for dill pickle. Pickle. Yeah. And it would be across both US and Canada. No, in the US you still have sea salt usa. Okay, but how does that work for. Yeah, that's a good question. Because the asins are married, so. That's fine. Go ahead. Sorry. I just want to say the content in the US and Canada can stay separate. We figured out how to have different images as well, so that's not going to be a problem. Yeah. ASINs are same for power variety pack in both US and Canada. So you're actually saying show home. The ASIN really has nothing to do with what's actually in the box. It does. I mean, but we are simply. If Amazon knew they would not let us do it. But yeah, just finding, finding and finding a workaround. And why do we have to find a workaround? Because we're trying to keep the reviews intact or. Yes. Are you not interested in that? We should just validate whether we even care about that. Got it. Okay. Yeah. Because you could separate them. So let's think on this one for next. But we'll need a plan. This should be a next agenda item. We'll need a plan for those fava beans. I think we have stopped. And Bob, you just let us know for some reason we're going to run out of sea salt fathers in Canada before you get back. I need to know that. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. And you said that's going to pickle. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Which it'll sell better like it should. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So are we. Even if we switch in future, we are going to keep the same listing. Only thing is in Fishbowl, we need to change the bomb for future for Amazon. This is what I'm mulling over. Annabug is like, I wonder if it's cleaner and simpler. Show home. If we just create a new list, create a whole new listing, start from scratch. Like the reviews will come and they'll get to I'm sure on the favas like up there fast. Is that as dill pickle in it? But if you feel that there's value in holding on, they're already at 4.2, I guess or something. Exactly. Good. Yeah. So, yeah. So Annabelle, what we'll try to do is everything stays the same on Amazon so we can keep the reviews intact. But yes, internally we will have to change from picking dill pickle other than sea salt into that basin for Canada. I might have to Talk to Natasha H2 on how that works. How are you mapping sales, Canada versus U.S. if there's the same, I might have to bring this to our meeting on Thursday. I'll bring this to our meeting. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So we're good on stocks. Everybody's aware Amazon's away, high priority. And above is how are we fulfilling snack mixes while you're away? Because it's gonna need to happen. And then we'll discuss this three pack on Thursday in our next meeting tomorrow. Yeah. How it needs to work. What was another thing? Okay, you know, usa. So I think you know what about the fava beans variety pack? It's doing better in the usa, not in Canada. Right. And in Canada, we also have bipolar shoes. Correct? Correct. Right. So when you asked if we should keep the same asin, I was thinking about the usa because we are doing great. Okay. Yes. So let's talk about this buy box. So Annab, are you in the back end right now of Amazon or anybody? Because show home. Last time we spoke, you were saying we didn't set up our variety packs with the upc. But then when Annab and I were looking, all of our variety packs except Chick are set up with the upc. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know what happened. I. Okay, so that's likely not like what we initially thought was maybe that had to do with what how Amazon is searching and finding the issue. So are we saying that's likely not an issue now? And the only way to get the buy box back is to drop our price. Right. So the UPC or GTIN that you have used right now, it's the case pack upc, which is different from what we have on the individual packs. Is that right? So can you scroll back? So this is our backend. So this is Chickpeas without the upc. This is lentils with upc, and this is Follow beans. And what is that upc Annabelle. That's the master unit upc. Right. It's a UPC of three bags, correct? Yeah. Yeah. So that's not a unit UPC show home. It's the master master case. It's three pack upc. It's a unique UPC to this product. Product. Okay, well, in that case, I think reducing the price is the only way. But again, how was it defined in the back end back in time? Right, Right. I think I might have to dig that. Because upc, to be frank enough on a daily planning basis, I don't use UPC anywhere. So it could be a question to take. I would say, I would say because I'm using when it comes to labeling and stuff like that. So UPC could be the box label. We have to see how QC is saving the box labels for Amazon and see what the UPC appears on that and verify. Yeah, no, I think what we were just trying to analyze, Annabelle, was how is Amazon auditing against. How is Amazon simply finding all of our costs in the rest of the market? We thought they were scanning the unit UPCs. They were going by UPC and all the national softwares and stuff. But, but so we thought we could trick them by having a unique upc which is this one. This one. So we thought that could work, but that's not the case here. So I think we have to test dropping our price to see what it would take price wise to get the buy bo back. And then I have to go to finance to see what our profitability even looks like at that price. Yeah. With these discussions it makes me nervous on my inventory planning. Like do you think the anticipation of the anticipated volumes that we are prepping and putting into production schedule with these buy box decisions, does it need to be softer? Well, again like we shouldn't have to disrupt our business for six weeks and not take revenue because we're worried about inventory. Like somebody needs. Yeah, right. So, so yeah, like that's hugely disruptive for the business. So I. We probably should test it. Like show them. If we were to test like even just dropping our price on the chickpeas or even just try to follow us first to like 15 which gives each bag a five dollar unit. I know that London Drugs was like 450. I'm just trying to won threshold is like if it says within 50 cents of what they're seeing, do we win it back or does it have to be like all the way? Right, right. They have specified what that price. Will, will, has to be. So for example, and it keeps on changing by the way as dynamic. So right now for chickpeas variety pack it's $17. If we can just reduce it by 99 cents then we'll win the buy box for fava 15.99 or what is that? 17 just. It's at 17.99 right now. If we drop it to 17 then we'll do in the buy box for Fava. Can we test that? Can we do that? Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'll I'll do that. Yeah. And are you saying on the fathers it's the same? They would both drop to 17? No, for fava it has to be 12$. Oh, wow. Yeah. No, I can't go to $12. That's crazy. Yeah, it's. It's crazy. And also for lentils, it's $12. Crazy. Who is selling those for $4? That doesn't even make any sense. Okay, well, let's do the 6. Do the chickpeas to 17 and see how that impacts. Sure. Yeah, that's crazy. And sorry, I need to jump off into this other call, but I think, I think we have our next steps here, Annabelle. Just navigating the next six weeks and we'll keep close on that here. Just let me know what you plan in production where you're running short on snack mixes and stuff. And then, Brittany, do you want to just continue with Show Home in terms of the content planning? Yes. I'll update you on where we're at. Yeah, yeah. And the other question I have in terms of content planning, Show Home, I don't know if you looked at or if you guys could, after this meeting, just snapshot if there's any, like, special websites, like any special traffic or accelerated traffic you're seeing come into Amazon. Since we have that national commercial on right now. Right now. If you could just. I would love to know that insight. If you're able to look in the back end and see and make some really broad assumptions on whether there's heightened traffic from that over the last. It launched on the 19th. Yeah. But yeah, they're just sort of like, I don't know if you saw my email this morning. I have. Yeah, I have something really. Oh, do you? Okay, can you send it so I can snapshot an email after or present? It's not a document. I have a bunch of tabs open right now, so I can probably walk Brittany through those data. Okay, that would be great. And then the other thing. Yeah, just like a content plan on updates because we have the A that we're pushing forward in Canada, but then USA is outstanding. You have to change the fava. So I don't know if you saw my, my email this morning, Brittany, but Lindsay made those templates for Amazon, so at least we have the proper templates and then just, it likely would be worth the three of you actually having a plan like, like what's being done now. An Excel tracker. I feel like now that we got through the template, now it needs to go back to being like A check by the box because it just clearly. Yeah, got too convoluted. But now we have a template. Let's go forward from here. Yeah, yeah, that's right, that's right. Okay, well, I'll look to you for updates after this. Britney Annaba, thank you. Nice to see you. We'll chat soon, everybody. Thank you. Bye bye. Okay, we just have some updates. Updates, basically. I'll let you. I think, I think Alicia just designed for the eight plus content was just lacking in terms of like, just like being more. Hang on, hang on. I can just pull it up. So we just. So we have a now like a template done that's just. Just for the snack mixes. And now we're gonna work on. So what was really missing was the tractor. Alicia wanted this at the top. So it's just homegrown by Canadian farmers is the tagline that they're running with. So we're just going to clean this up a bit. Lindsay will get this over to us. And we just added the bottles back in. We didn't have any full images on the stack mixes anyways. Anyways. So that is now. And then. So I'll share that over and then I'm just going to start a tracker list of like every screw needs to be updated in that same way. And so you still need like six. What you sent over, like the six and then the mobile versions of each. That's right. Yes. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. And could you show me where in Amazon I see traffic? Traffic. They're very interesting traffic. If we've seen a bike since the night to the 19th. Okay, so I'll show you where you can see it. But before I share my screen, I wanted to give you a summary of it. So we have started seeing an increase in traffic. So since the 16th and there are several events that happen that I want to talk about. And that's one. We have seen some increment in traffic since ad traffic, especially from 16th. And then again towards the end of January, especially number of impressions. And there are a few things that happened. We started TV ads from the 19th. Yeah. On the 16th we launched some new campaigns. And that's one. And then towards the end of January, one particular campaign and some specific keywords like snacks for snack for adults, they started getting, I mean, significant amount of impressions, although that didn't convert that much. And another thing is the branded search volume. I haven't seen much increment in branded searches in January. Yes. Compared to December, it's a lot. And that's usual. It Happens every year that you will see a dip in the branded searches in December. Then again it picks up in January, which is something that has also happened this year. And the search volume is for branded keywords like three farmers is similar to last year. So these are my observations and I'll walk you through the exactly the same data on Amazon. Okay. Okay, interesting. And yeah, I didn't want to draw any conclusion, but I just wanted to share the in observations. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Now let me share. I'll give you credit. I feel like we don't give credit. Take out it when you get it. The ads that we launched, they are working. I'm not saying that, but the conclusion that I don't want to draw is whether the TV ads are driving traffic. Yeah, that probably needs some more thought. So you have to go to reports and then business report and then you can go to sales and traffic. This is how you get to see the traffic. Now you will see several options here. View by day, view by week, view by month. Or you can just want to choose to see just seven days data, one month, three months, six months, one year, two years. Now if we look at let's say three months, there is no significance to that. I mean right now maybe just one month is good. Again, you will see some spikes after the 16th and this day was very significant. It was really, really significant here and not so much in overall traffic towards the end of January, but that's something you can see in the ad console. So ad traffic or impressions here we're talking about page views by the way, page views. So product page views. Someone has actually clicked on it and viewed the product page, not just impressions. Yeah, this is something that I want to clarify because later on when I'm going to talk about ads there, I'm going to talk about impressions. So that means they just viewed our ads, not necessarily they have clicked on it. Okay, so this is the data in terms of traffic. The red line is the traffic you will see. I mean after the 16th you will see, start seeing a jump. And also we started TV ads around this time. So maybe there is an overlap. I mean maybe new campaigns are influencing it. TV campaign is also influencing it. That could be it. And it keeps growing, especially after January. If you notice it crossed even thousand. And also instead of looking at this graph, if you want to look at the table, you can also scroll down and here, this is a sessions column. This is the page views, number of page views. So here you're looking at January 4th and if you scroll down after the 16th, compare the numbers. They start, I mean before it was somewhere around 600, 500, something, 90 something around that. Then after the 16th you will see there in the range of 700, 800. And then one day it was more than thousand and it is quite consistent. So like this, like this information. Yeah. And this is overall. Okay, so this, this will include the influence of ads or an organic and TV campaigns, whatever is going on in the world. Everything is reflected here. This is the overall data. And so you're also not just a new one campaign, but a set of campaigns. I'll show you what we did. So let me just go to that, that console right now. So this is one month's data. We're looking at last 30 days. And here as well, the blue bars is not blue really, but whatever it is, I'm not good at identifying colors. But these bars, these are the impressions. Now if you look at it right after 16th, they started going up, they increased. And then again towards the end of January, we started getting a lot of impressions, especially on January 31st. It was a huge spike, by the way, I want to go back here. The spike that we saw, it was on February. So not January 31st, but February. Well, we saw a spike compared to the other days on both of these days here. Yeah. Okay, so now let me show you why this happened. It's exactly what I told you summarized before I started sharing my screen. So if you look at the first three campaigns, one second, just not just the first three. So these three were launched on, on the 16th. You'll see this is a start date. And along with that, we also. There was another old campaign that we restarted, relaunched, which is why you cannot see it right now. But I'll show you that campaign in a moment. Now, that was also restarted or relaunched on the 16th. So now let me sort based on the number of impressions you will see out of all of the impressions, if you see, it's like 1.6 million. The first one accounts for almost 25%. And then I was talking about this one. So this is the one that we relaunched. This was an old campaign, which is why the start. This is date is old. But it stopped before. And then we relaunched again on the 16th. And since then it has also got a significant amount of impressions, which is why I was highlighting this campaign, four campaigns, which is why we saw a spike after the 16th from the 17th. And if you go back to the business report in the sales and traffic report, we started seeing a jump from 17th or 18th here. Okay. Going back to the campaign now, another event that happened is we started seeing the number of impressions again. We saw another jump towards the end of January. Now, if I. And that is coming from this campaign, by the way. Okay. The first one. Now, in that campaign, we have three different targetings. In one, we are targeting different snack keywords. Give me a moment here. So now, out of those, if I sort based on the number of impressions, you will see snacks for adults and healthy snack. There are three keywords, basically, that are driving most of these impressions. These three are driving the number of total impressions. And this one specifically, if I show you filter it, You see the difference. Just this one is driving most of the impressions. Right. So, yeah, not necessarily. It's not necessarily performing well in terms of return, but it's driving a lot of impressions. So this is. This is everything that I wanted to show. Yeah, yeah. Snacks for adults. For adults. Interesting, interesting. So. So, okay, so if you had to summarize. So I'm going to bring a literature, like, three main points. Wait, Keep sharing a lot of information. So I think I'm gonna go share. Could you share just again? So I'm gonna screenshot, let's say, like the last three months. Three months of traffic. Traffic, sure. And just show, like, I'll. I can show her, like. Yeah, so this is the last one month. Go back. Go back like three months again. I want to see if there's any. I'm also curious. I'll do that. Can you. I mean, take a screenshot first, then I'll do that. Okay, you will. Okay. You will. Okay. And then. And then three months. Now? Yeah, yeah, now. Like in a year. A year. I think we need to go back a little bit more. So let's do from January 2025. Yeah, and let's do it by month, so that will be easy for you to visualize. So let me do that again here. Maybe take out February. So. No, it dips in February. So it really is a dip. Oh, this one. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Just because I just started thinking. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Interesting, interesting. Very interesting. Very interesting. Okay. Okay. So you will. You're okay summarizing that for Alicia. If you want me to. But do you think I need to do that? I don't understand what you were trying to connect between the ads and the traffic. Well, okay, so ads is basically traffic, right? I mean, there I'm showing you the number of impressions and the correlation between the changes in the impression and the traffic. And one more thing that I. One last thing that I'll show you is the branded searches. This is also another input that you need to, you know, take into account if you want to understand what's happening. So this is three farmers. And this is the search volume I'm going to show you. Let's say, let's first look at the last 30 days. It basically improved from let's say 2000 to 2600. This is the increment and this is from the beginning of January to mid January. All right, so we don't have the latest data yet, but yeah, mid January. So perhaps to get this data we need to wait a little longer and then see what happened towards the end of the month. Yeah, yeah. And this number is comparable to the last year. So for example, this is, we're looking at many years of data here. Let's focus on 2025 January. 2025 January also did something around 2600 searches, which is similar to our numbers right now. So my, the reason I'm showing this to you is. And again, this is, I may not be correct, but if we are running TV ads, will people go to Amazon and search for a generic keyword or category, keyword like snack for adults and look for our product or will they look for our brand name? Three farmers. So, and my assumption is that later on, if they're seeing our product on tv, they will look for our brand name and perhaps the product that we're advertising for. So prudent snack mixes. So the uplift that I, I can see so far we may need to wait a little longer is probably not significant enough. It's not statistically significant enough to say that we are getting a lot of traffic because of the TV campaign. This is just coming from. So you're. So the assumption is it's mostly coming from search work, key terms like for adults. Yeah, primarily because. No, no, no, no, no. Don't say snack for adults. Don't say that. It's just that we're getting a lot of impressions for some reason. But that's not converting on paper. It's not converting at least from ad console. It's just the impressions that we're getting. Two things. I mean, one thing is the new campaigns that we launched, they got it, they converted a lot overall. And then towards the end of January, the number of impressions increased a lot. Right. That one is connected to keywords like snack for adults, that one cure in particular. And that didn't drive too many sales, at least from that console, it looks like it didn't drive many sales. The camera is only interested in Web traffic. So. So now you. So. Sorry. Sorry. Okay. Okay, so let's do this. Let's. Let's talk about all the events that happened. Time. Yeah. With timelines. On the 16th, you can also write it down. 16th or 17th, we launched four new campaigns. Okay. On the 19th, we started the TV ad campaigns. Yeah, yeah. And. Let's say towards the end of January, one particular keyword, I.e. snack for adults, started getting a lot of impressions. Okay. Okay. And in the branded searches. Towards the beginning from. It jumped from 1900, which was towards the beginning of January, to 2600 in mid January. But that was before. No, that was. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. That doesn't say much. Okay, right, so we'll have to wait on that one. We cannot draw a conclusion yet. All right, now if those are the things that. Those are. Patient. Yeah. Now let's talk about the traffic and the impressions. Yeah. So for the traffic, we started seeing an increment in Traffic from the 17th. Yeah, yeah. We also saw a similar trend for ad impressions from the 17th. Yeah, yeah. Okay. And then towards the end of January, we started seeing the ad impressions increasing a lot, primarily because of snack for adults. So this is all basically that you need to consider. And you can take screenshots if you want. Yeah, yeah. So let's probably take screenshots of each of the things that you mentioned. Yeah, yeah. And you're saying you will do that to me and then I can write everything else? I mean, you can do it right now if you want. I'm just trying to get it. I don't know. I'm going to share my screen right now. If you want, you can take a screenshot from here. It. Does it work? Yeah, perfect. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So I'm going to do one month and by day you already took this screenshot. Right, sorry. Share your screen. Sorry. Share your screen again. Oh, I'm not sharing my screen. Come on. No worries. I took away from myself. I want to look at myself. So this is from January. Okay. Okay. This is one. Let me know when you're done with this one. Yeah, I'm done. Yeah, I'm done with that one. Okay, now let's take a screenshot of this one. This is again, 30 days of data. Okay, okay. Okay. And let's take a step. I just need to know though, which. Because when you hover over. Over each one. Each one. Otherwise it doesn't. Otherwise. Yeah, just even stop on one of those. Otherwise I don't. Otherwise. I know what this graph means. You can See these numbers? So, for example. I know, but we don't. I don't know. I don't know what that blue bar. So just stop where it says. Like this one. Just impressions. Stop spending. Maybe just. It's much easier. Go to one of the bars. Stay there for a second. Yeah, just there. Just there. I feel like it's much easier to digest that way. Okay, okay. Okay. Let me know when you're done with this. Yeah, I'm done. Yeah. Okay. Now let's talk about just that particular ad group with the keywords next, for adults. You can take a screenshot of this one. It's hiding it. Sorry, I'll just move my cursor. Oh, come on. That's okay. That's okay. Okay, yeah. Done with this one. Yes. Yes. And okay, so I could probably add one more data point about the branded keywords. So we also target branded keywords and we could see the ad data. It's. So we have two ad groups where we are targeting the branded keywords, like tree farmers, three farmers, fava beans, all of those stuff. All of those keywords and one sequence second. So those combined. I'm sorry, one second, let me see. Not this one. Okay, so those. There is another one. So what happened is overall the impressions, as you can see, it actually is showing a decrease. But there is another campaign that. Another ad group that actually made up for this, decreased. So overall they are almost the same. It has remained almost the same for the last 30 days. So the branded keywords remain the same for the last 30 days in ads. Yes, it's. I'm showing you just the ads, by the way, not the overall traffic. But still, it's a data point. So if you had to say a sentence conclusion on that, what would it be? What would it be? I think we should wait for a little bit longer so that you can see the branded traffic. I mean, branded searches, how that was, especially in the later half of the. Of January. And then we can probably draw a clear conclusion whether, you know, the. How much the TV campaigns are influencing our Amazon sales. So wait, okay, maybe I want this then, Because she's just gonna ask. She's just gonna ask. Okay. Okay. Essentially, I'll show her to see. Okay. Okay. Sorry. I'm also very. I understood half of what you said. And we'll see. What? See what? I don't know. I don't even know what I'm saying. Talk to. No, we want a. I think you understood everything. It's just a lot of data. Yeah, that's why. Just Gaslighting. Gaslighting. Yeah. I'm also. I'm also just not my best. Okay. Thank you very much for your time. I know that. I know that they ask a lot, so we will see. Okay. Anything else? Anything else? No, I think that's all. Pretty much everything for this. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Okay, well, have a good. I'm assuming it's nighttime there. I looked it up last time. Yes. You know what? Yeah, me. I'll add one more thing. So I also saw that Alicia had that in the agenda about the promotions. She mentioned that we can participate in Prime Day. Prime exclusive discount for the 18 pack now that it's in four, has a four star. So on that line I need to. I need a confirmation from your team whether the promotions plan that I sent is approved or not. Yeah, yeah, it is approved. Is approved. Yes. The one that you had was approved. Yes. And maybe, maybe that wasn't communicated properly. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. So it needs confirmation on. Yeah, so everything we were on board with. Because we. We mostly talked through like Q2, essentially. We didn't go further. Go further. But we can always reach. Sure. Okay, sounds good. Awesome. Sounds good. Okay, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Have a good day. Have a good day. Yeah. Yeah. I hope you feel better soon. Yeah, thank you. Yeah, thank you. Bye. Take care. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: That's nice. I don't know if everybody saw. I know you sent over the plan there, Annaba, and I don't know if anyone saw my email there, but I just put a few agenda items out for discussion.

Speaker B: Did you want to share that first?

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. I have a hard stop at 10:40, so we can't just jump into if you want to pull up your plan because what I was thinking on Canada, we specifically need to talk about snack mixes and the variety packs and just make sure we're stocked. So to Amadov's point in his email, he's gone for the month of March. So ideally you can kind of just get some Runway to relieve our team here with any additional work that needs to be done for that month.

Speaker B: I'm gone 5th of March, coming back.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: So just making sure that we're well stocked and have some good momentum there. I wanted to talk about the buy box last week and maybe I was looking at the Right. But I want to talk about that again to just be clear and yes, just some content updates. So let's start on forecast Canada. So we're currently snack mix right now. We're currently sold out and you have 150ish inbound right now. Right.

Speaker B: So we are planning to ship 150 out today. But there is a customer order which shows five and there is one piece, one case and receiving. So five is in movement in order I would say and then available to book.

Speaker A: In Canada. Usually take one or two weeks.

Speaker B: This one will be super quick because it's going out to gallery.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker B: So it could be like two days if it is a queue, but it should be fairly quick compared to.

Speaker E: Yeah,

Speaker C: Can we do something.

Speaker B: Right from suppliers? Okay.

Speaker C: I was going to suggest can we do 500 there?

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: So right now what I'm referencing is we have a constraint on volume. All of our resellers are taking their pip. So basically we'd like to see 500 but you're going to have to tell us what you can make.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: In the next. Week of March we'll be able to just rest and get caught up on our hype. But yeah, 63 won't do anything for us. We need like 300.

Speaker B: Okay. So first can we specs on whether we do. So I'm doing a production run on the week of 14. Do you want to do another build the last week of like or do you want me to do a heavy.

Speaker A: Well, depends on how heavy you go. Right.

Speaker B: So snack will be a question mark. Irrespective of whether the decided or not, we have to figure out what my current inventory is. But except let's say for all these. Do you need to plan for four months for my next build instead of three months?

Speaker A: Because what are you saying? That's not good, right?

Speaker B: That is what we had discussed.

Speaker A: And then.

Speaker B: This recommendation is based on still three months inventory. But if you need it, I just change your mind and my number change. So if we decide to do just one shipment the week after and close it after April, then I'll multiply by four. If not, then we do one on the week of 14 and then again the next week.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So no, I'm just saying this column Q. When is it being made? And then you're saying. So there would be six weeks before we build Amazon again.

Speaker B: Yes, yes.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: So we can those numbers. No problem. Yes. Okay. So for sure on snack we want like you're gonna have to have.

Speaker B: Months.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. So snack is right now at least 500 in there.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: And then I would make that note that potentially like,

Speaker D: Like, like.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. We haven't even reviews yet because. I know.

Speaker C: Yeah, we have some. Yeah. From fine. We have 16 reviews so far. 4.5 stars

Speaker A: and what is it?

Speaker C: No, no. 4.5.

Speaker A: Closely.

Speaker B: We need.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker B: So let's do heavy for all other pallet.

Speaker D: Exactly.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: What I was saying, we're gonna.

Speaker E: Oil like.

Speaker A: Three months in there.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: But oil has to use shelf life. And then we are.

Speaker A: But this is. Thousands last month.

Speaker C: Yeah. So also that's picking up. And in the last seven days we sold close to 290 units. And that means close to 1240 units a month. If we can maintain the momentum. Close to 290 units.

Speaker A: Okay. So 12, 1200. So sorry. Right, right.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then you're going to throw another 2275. That should be fine.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: And then the 30 pack.

Speaker B: Which one 500. It's easiest for me to just look at this. Okay.

Speaker C: That one is all right.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker B: So.

Speaker A: Two months.

Speaker B: I'll be able to see the inventory for five items. Let me see. It shows so my shipment. Updated. Comments.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: And then. We'll be guiding labels generation.

Speaker B: So that is what we are trying to avoid that we want to send heavy. Like I have all the notes in place to go through. Yeah, yeah. But since it is more like detailed level. Send a month extra stock so that we don't have to worry about.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: But maybe you come to a situation where you absolutely need to send something then maybe you can decide by numbers. And I try to see if I can work with.

Speaker A: Cuz you're saying February 14th and then snack mixes. Like snack mixes. We won't be able to. Number one.

Speaker B: I still have another. 26th and it won't arrive until 1st. Let me try to see.

Speaker A: And the following.

Speaker E: Month.

Speaker A: And then the next one will be first April. We'll be able to stock up like refill.

Speaker D: Right.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Not.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay, that's good.

Speaker B: Okay. So if I go to Amazon usa and do my same math here.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah,

Speaker C: That's right. Yeah.

Speaker A: So you want me to see this trend continuing?

Speaker C: I think so. It's been going on for at least the last two months. So yeah.

Speaker E: Hopefully.

Speaker C: So we can update the forecast.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker E: Okay. And then. Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. That should be fine.

Speaker D: Like that IC

Speaker E: sold.

Speaker C: I'm so sorry, what was that?

Speaker D: So when I create an order

Speaker E: and

Speaker D: I'm checking for any negative does that

Speaker A: show up in units?

Speaker C: It does.

Speaker E: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: So don't think it's abundance.

Speaker D: I'd have to.

Speaker B: I don't know.

Speaker E: I don't know.

Speaker D: But just something to think about.

Speaker A: Did you notice that. It was mostly. Okay, less than. Okay. Okay. So that's all. The same date. Okay.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker B: Should we not send anything like. Does it slow down?

Speaker C: Let me check. Yeah, I think it was the better months. But let me check right now. What's going on.

Speaker A: Like even 90. And that was. That was in December. Before that it was like 55.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: But just for the month.

Speaker C: I think we are. We are okay with that one because December was a very strong month. Yeah. So I think we're okay with the. I mean the numbers are okay. We don't need to send anything.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Snacks to go for 28 grams. Based on the inventory. This weekend. My recommendation for four months. But again we have seen different suggestions over the past few weeks. Let me know.

Speaker A: And again it's just four stars.

Speaker E: So that 18 pack.

Speaker A: Just wondering. Why don't you make it. Make it 200 off of that 18 pack.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker B: Because we were not sending 15 gram for a long time.

Speaker E: Right.

Speaker B: And then now it's coming up planning phase.

Speaker A: Yeah. We really, really, really. But right now they're kind of even selling evenly

Speaker E: right now. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So yeah, the snack. Snack. And I don't know.

Speaker B: Once it is done. But no one has stepped into Amazon yet. It used to some extent like he has done. He has done in the past.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Well. And then generate generating like. Yeah, definitely Support that if we need touch base. So that very clear on what are you doing back end and then taking it from your team because Rachel customers.

Speaker C: Right. I can do that on Amazon. I. I'm just not aware about how it works internally in your company. So I can definitely help with creating the shipments on Amazon and the labels.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: So that's an option.

Speaker D: There.

Speaker B: There are multiple moving pieces. Right. We have to decide the best we are having here. We have to check. Totality and that would create more.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker B: But yeah, I think probably could be a person who could identify the loopholes.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: But just that she is not executed.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: We can chat about that.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Either with you.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: This one is already built. Everything, Everything. And tomorrow.

Speaker E: Yeah, yes.

Speaker A: Okay, great. So actually email here. I just want to make sure.

Speaker B: But yes, I can include anyone.

Speaker C: For going through

Speaker B: building.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, great. After this. Because I know we're not going to start using the July stock because that basically means that. Yeah, we have to switch it to dill pickle. So we kind of need some timing on where you're at for CF salt fava quantities to continue packing and the lentil quantities to continue packing. Because then show home in Britney, once the lentils are sold out, we're actually just discontinuing that item because show home we're like completely discontinuing two of the flavors of the lentils. We're only going to have barbecue lentils so we can talk about if we want to have a lentil item. But we were just going to completely rationalize out of them.

Speaker B: So what I want to say is

Speaker E: the.

Speaker A: The chickpeas will stay the same. It's just a new design. We still have those skus with the fava beans. We have to. It will be dill pickle, cheddar and sweet chili. The sea salt is going away. So I don't know if we can just flip in a new flavor on an existing ASIN or so. Yeah, we just need some stock updates and above on when you're going to run out of those items. Like it just. Is it like, like probably gonna happen in February.

Speaker B: Okay, so good catch on that. So I think we are out of sea sort of in Canada because Dhruv and Marianne, they were just discussing yesterday on whom to allocate the stocks for in Canada.

Speaker A: Oh, I see. So this assembly, this recommendation amount, can you even make that?

Speaker B: Probably not.

Speaker A: And that's fine because this was just my initial planning.

Speaker B: And then like once we so How I move is once we finalize this, then I go to checking the stocks and doing my allocations and that is my preparatory stage. But yeah, but yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, so just if you get into this recommendation, if you're not gonna be able to make it, and then at least we just know. Because again, just selling out rentals, we're not cheating changing anything. The one I'm concerned about is are you changing. No. Once you're out of one of the lentils. This item.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: So I'll just put a comment. If no stock, Then.

Speaker E: Okay, okay.

Speaker D: Because you wouldn't have sea salt vinegar left either, right?

Speaker A: Yeah, I guess you have some because

Speaker D: you're trying to sell it through on Shopify.

Speaker B: I would have to look at the numbers.

Speaker D: Yeah. And Alicia, will we ever go to like a sleep pack barbecue or. That just kind of goes against our whole variety pack.

Speaker A: I just don't want. I. I don't want show home spending budget dollars on that item. Right. Like, it's just kind of like, why put it there and create a complexity? But, but we can talk about that. Like we can do a three pack of barbecue or it's not our hero item. So it doesn't necessarily need to go focused on Amazon.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Because people will just come to our website looking for it. Right. And then they can get it there.

Speaker E: But yeah, yeah, that's true.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. But the other one is your sea salt faba. So when you go to build these favas, remember, you gotta watch out. Don't use that July stock.

Speaker B: You got stuck. I can't hear anything.

Speaker C: The.

Speaker A: The sea salt favas. So the fava bean variety pack, you showed me two stock dates. One best before was July and one

Speaker B: was another one September.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So if you're building for four months of inventory, do not use that July. Okay.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: And then you definitely need to let us know when you're running low on that sea salt fava, because we have to switch in dill pickle on this Asin. So there is actually some work that needs to be done on the Fava bean three pack show home. Can you simply. If you already have a two pack that exists, can we change. Can we simply change out a flavor using all the same as stuff?

Speaker C: Yeah, we can. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. So we should start whatever that looks like because we'll likely have to do it sometime. I'm going to guess in March.

Speaker C: Okay. So I'll need the images. And it's basically similar to what we did when we updated the package.

Speaker A: So we'll simply Just an image update. We don't have to change anything in

Speaker C: the backend image and then the title and the text content.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker C: It's just that we are swapping one flavor, right?

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: We're swapping sea salt for dill pickle. Pickle.

Speaker B: Yeah. And it would be across both US and Canada.

Speaker A: No, in the US you still have sea salt usa. Okay, but how does that work for. Yeah, that's a good question. Because the asins are married, so.

Speaker C: That's fine.

Speaker A: Go ahead. Sorry.

Speaker C: I just want to say the content in the US and Canada can stay separate. We figured out how to have different images as well, so that's not going to be a problem.

Speaker B: Yeah. ASINs are same for power variety pack in both US and Canada.

Speaker A: So you're actually saying show home. The ASIN really has nothing to do with what's actually in the box.

Speaker C: It does. I mean, but we are simply. If Amazon knew they would not let us do it. But yeah, just finding, finding and finding a workaround.

Speaker A: And why do we have to find a workaround? Because we're trying to keep the reviews intact or.

Speaker C: Yes. Are you not interested in that?

Speaker A: We should just validate whether we even care about that.

Speaker C: Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Because you could separate them. So let's think on this one for next. But we'll need a plan. This should be a next agenda item. We'll need a plan for those fava beans. I think we have stopped. And Bob, you just let us know for some reason we're going to run out of sea salt fathers in Canada before you get back. I need to know that.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker D: And you said that's going to pickle.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Which it'll sell better like it should.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: So are we. Even if we switch in future, we are going to keep the same listing. Only thing is in Fishbowl, we need to change the bomb for future for Amazon.

Speaker A: This is what I'm mulling over. Annabug is like, I wonder if it's cleaner and simpler. Show home. If we just create a new list, create a whole new listing, start from scratch. Like the reviews will come and they'll get to I'm sure on the favas like up there fast. Is that as dill pickle in it? But if you feel that there's value in holding on, they're already at 4.2, I guess or something.

Speaker C: Exactly.

Speaker A: Good.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: So, yeah. So Annabelle, what we'll try to do is everything stays the same on Amazon so we can keep the reviews intact. But yes, internally we will have to change from picking dill pickle other than sea salt into that basin for Canada. I might have to Talk to Natasha H2 on how that works. How are you mapping sales, Canada versus U.S. if there's the same, I might have to bring this to our meeting on Thursday. I'll bring this to our meeting.

Speaker E: Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. So we're good on stocks. Everybody's aware Amazon's away, high priority. And above is how are we fulfilling snack mixes while you're away? Because it's gonna need to happen. And then we'll discuss this three pack on Thursday in our next meeting tomorrow.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: How it needs to work. What was another thing? Okay, you know, usa.

Speaker C: So I think you know what about the fava beans variety pack? It's doing better in the usa, not in Canada. Right. And in Canada, we also have bipolar shoes.

Speaker A: Correct? Correct.

Speaker C: Right. So when you asked if we should keep the same asin, I was thinking about the usa because we are doing great.

Speaker A: Okay. Yes. So let's talk about this buy box. So Annab, are you in the back end right now of Amazon or anybody? Because show home. Last time we spoke, you were saying we didn't set up our variety packs with the upc. But then when Annab and I were looking, all of our variety packs except Chick are set up with the upc.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah,

Speaker B: yeah.

Speaker C: I don't know what happened. I.

Speaker A: Okay, so that's likely not like what we initially thought was maybe that had to do with what how Amazon is searching and finding the issue. So are we saying that's likely not an issue now? And the only way to get the buy box back is to drop our price.

Speaker C: Right. So the UPC or GTIN that you have used right now, it's the case pack upc, which is different from what we have on the individual packs. Is that right?

Speaker A: So can you scroll back?

Speaker B: So this is our backend. So this is Chickpeas without the upc. This is lentils with upc, and this is Follow beans.

Speaker A: And what is that upc Annabelle. That's the master unit upc. Right. It's a UPC of three bags, correct?

Speaker E: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: So that's not a unit UPC show home. It's the master master case. It's three pack upc. It's a unique UPC to this product.

Speaker E: Product.

Speaker C: Okay, well, in that case, I think reducing the price is the only way.

Speaker B: But again, how was it defined in the back end back in time? Right, Right. I think I might have to dig that. Because upc, to be frank enough on a daily planning basis, I don't use UPC anywhere. So it could be a question to take. I would say, I would say because I'm using when it comes to labeling and stuff like that. So UPC could be the box label. We have to see how QC is saving the box labels for Amazon and see what the UPC appears on that and verify.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, I think what we were just trying to analyze, Annabelle, was how is Amazon auditing against. How is Amazon simply finding all of our costs in the rest of the market? We thought they were scanning the unit UPCs. They were going by UPC and all the national softwares and stuff. But, but so we thought we could trick them by having a unique upc which is this one. This one. So we thought that could work, but that's not the case here. So I think we have to test dropping our price to see what it would take price wise to get the buy bo back. And then I have to go to finance to see what our profitability even looks like at that price.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker B: With these discussions it makes me nervous on my inventory planning. Like do you think the anticipation of the anticipated volumes that we are prepping and putting into production schedule with these buy box decisions, does it need to be softer?

Speaker A: Well, again like we shouldn't have to disrupt our business for six weeks and not take revenue because we're worried about inventory. Like somebody needs.

Speaker E: Yeah, right.

Speaker A: So, so yeah, like that's hugely disruptive for the business. So I. We probably should test it. Like show them. If we were to test like even just dropping our price on the chickpeas or even just try to follow us first to like 15 which gives each bag a five dollar unit. I know that London Drugs was like 450. I'm just trying to won threshold is like if it says within 50 cents of what they're seeing, do we win it back or does it have to be like all the way? Right, right.

Speaker C: They have specified what that price. Will, will, has to be. So for example, and it keeps on changing by the way as dynamic. So right now for chickpeas variety pack it's $17. If we can just reduce it by 99 cents then we'll win the buy

Speaker A: box for fava 15.99 or what is that?

Speaker C: 17 just. It's at 17.99 right now. If we drop it to 17 then we'll do in the buy box for Fava.

Speaker A: Can we test that? Can we do that?

Speaker E: Sure. Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. I'll I'll do that.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: And are you saying on the fathers it's the same? They would both drop to 17?

Speaker C: No, for fava it has to be 12$.

Speaker A: Oh, wow. Yeah. No, I can't go to $12. That's crazy.

Speaker C: Yeah, it's. It's crazy. And also for lentils, it's $12.

Speaker A: Crazy. Who is selling those for $4? That doesn't even make any sense. Okay, well, let's do the 6. Do the chickpeas to 17 and see how that impacts.

Speaker C: Sure.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's crazy. And sorry, I need to jump off into this other call, but I think, I think we have our next steps here, Annabelle. Just navigating the next six weeks and we'll keep close on that here. Just let me know what you plan in production where you're running short on snack mixes and stuff. And then, Brittany, do you want to just continue with Show Home in terms of the content planning?

Speaker D: Yes.

Speaker A: I'll update you on where we're at. Yeah, yeah. And the other question I have in terms of content planning, Show Home, I don't know if you looked at or if you guys could, after this meeting, just snapshot if there's any, like, special websites, like any special traffic or accelerated traffic you're seeing come into Amazon. Since we have that national commercial on right now.

Speaker D: Right now.

Speaker A: If you could just. I would love to know that insight. If you're able to look in the back end and see and make some really broad assumptions on whether there's heightened traffic from that over the last. It launched on the 19th.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: But yeah, they're just sort of like, I don't know if you saw my email this morning.

Speaker C: I have. Yeah, I have something really.

Speaker A: Oh, do you? Okay, can you send it so I can snapshot an email after or present?

Speaker C: It's not a document. I have a bunch of tabs open right now, so I can probably walk Brittany through those data.

Speaker A: Okay, that would be great. And then the other thing. Yeah, just like a content plan on updates because we have the A that we're pushing forward in Canada, but then USA is outstanding. You have to change the fava. So I don't know if you saw my, my email this morning, Brittany, but Lindsay made those templates for Amazon, so at least we have the proper templates and then just, it likely would be worth the three of you actually having a plan like, like what's being done now.

Speaker D: An Excel tracker.

Speaker A: I feel like now that we got

Speaker D: through the template, now it needs to go back to being like A check by the box because it just clearly. Yeah, got too convoluted. But now we have a template. Let's go forward from here.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, that's right, that's right.

Speaker A: Okay, well, I'll look to you for updates after this. Britney Annaba, thank you. Nice to see you. We'll chat soon, everybody. Thank you.

Speaker C: Bye bye.

Speaker D: Okay, we just have some updates.

Speaker E: Updates, basically.

Speaker D: I'll let you. I think, I think Alicia just designed for the eight plus content was just lacking in terms of like, just like being more.

Speaker E: Hang on, hang on. I can just pull it up.

Speaker D: So we just. So we have a now like a template done that's just. Just for the snack mixes. And now we're gonna work on. So what was really missing was the tractor. Alicia wanted this at the top. So it's just homegrown by Canadian farmers is the tagline that they're running with. So we're just going to clean this up a bit. Lindsay will get this over to us. And we just added the bottles back in. We didn't have any full images on the stack mixes anyways. Anyways. So that is now. And then. So I'll share that over and then I'm just going to start a tracker list of like every screw needs to

Speaker A: be updated in that same way.

Speaker D: And so you still need like six. What you sent over, like the six and then the mobile versions of each.

Speaker C: That's right. Yes.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker D: And could you show me where in Amazon I see traffic? Traffic. They're very interesting traffic. If we've seen a bike since the

Speaker A: night to the 19th.

Speaker C: Okay, so I'll show you where you can see it. But before I share my screen, I wanted to give you a summary of it. So we have started seeing an increase in traffic. So since the 16th and there are several events that happen that I want to talk about. And that's one. We have seen some increment in traffic since ad traffic, especially from 16th. And then again towards the end of January, especially number of impressions. And there are a few things that happened. We started TV ads from the 19th.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker C: On the 16th we launched some new campaigns. And that's one. And then towards the end of January, one particular campaign and some specific keywords like snacks for snack for adults, they started getting, I mean, significant amount of impressions, although that didn't convert that much. And another thing is the branded search volume. I haven't seen much increment in branded searches in January. Yes. Compared to December, it's a lot. And that's usual. It Happens every year that you will see a dip in the branded searches in December. Then again it picks up in January, which is something that has also happened this year. And the search volume is for branded keywords like three farmers is similar to last year. So these are my observations and I'll walk you through the exactly the same data on Amazon.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker E: Okay, interesting.

Speaker C: And yeah, I didn't want to draw any conclusion, but I just wanted to share the in observations.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker E: Okay. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: Now let me share.

Speaker A: I'll give you credit. I feel like we don't give credit. Take out it when you get it.

Speaker C: The ads that we launched, they are working. I'm not saying that, but the conclusion that I don't want to draw is whether the TV ads are driving traffic. Yeah, that probably needs some more thought. So you have to go to reports and then business report and then you can go to sales and traffic. This is how you get to see the traffic. Now you will see several options here. View by day, view by week, view by month. Or you can just want to choose to see just seven days data, one month, three months, six months, one year, two years. Now if we look at let's say three months, there is no significance to that. I mean right now maybe just one month is good. Again, you will see some spikes after the 16th and this day was very significant. It was really, really significant here and not so much in overall traffic towards the end of January, but that's something you can see in the ad console. So ad traffic or impressions here we're talking about page views by the way, page views. So product page views. Someone has actually clicked on it and viewed the product page, not just impressions. Yeah, this is something that I want to clarify because later on when I'm going to talk about ads there, I'm going to talk about impressions. So that means they just viewed our ads, not necessarily they have clicked on it. Okay, so this is the data in terms of traffic. The red line is the traffic you will see. I mean after the 16th you will see, start seeing a jump. And also we started TV ads around this time. So maybe there is an overlap. I mean maybe new campaigns are influencing it. TV campaign is also influencing it. That could be it. And it keeps growing, especially after January. If you notice it crossed even thousand. And also instead of looking at this graph, if you want to look at the table, you can also scroll down and here, this is a sessions column. This is the page views, number of page views. So here you're looking at January 4th and if you scroll down after the 16th, compare the numbers. They start, I mean before it was somewhere around 600, 500, something, 90 something around that. Then after the 16th you will see there in the range of 700, 800. And then one day it was more than thousand and it is quite consistent.

Speaker D: So like this, like this information.

Speaker C: Yeah. And this is overall. Okay, so this, this will include the influence of ads or an organic and TV campaigns, whatever is going on in the world. Everything is reflected here. This is the overall data.

Speaker D: And so you're also

Speaker C: not just a new one campaign, but a set of campaigns. I'll show you what we did. So let me just go to that, that console right now. So this is one month's data. We're looking at last 30 days. And here as well, the blue bars is not blue really, but whatever it is, I'm not good at identifying colors. But these bars, these are the impressions. Now if you look at it right after 16th, they started going up, they increased. And then again towards the end of January, we started getting a lot of impressions, especially on January 31st. It was a huge spike, by the way, I want to go back here. The spike that we saw, it was on February. So not January 31st, but February. Well, we saw a spike compared to the other days on both of these days here.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay, so now let me show you why this happened. It's exactly what I told you summarized before I started sharing my screen. So if you look at the first three campaigns, one second, just not just the first three. So these three were launched on, on the 16th. You'll see this is a start date. And along with that, we also. There was another old campaign that we restarted, relaunched, which is why you cannot see it right now. But I'll show you that campaign in a moment. Now, that was also restarted or relaunched on the 16th. So now let me sort based on the number of impressions you will see out of all of the impressions, if you see, it's like 1.6 million. The first one accounts for almost 25%. And then I was talking about this one. So this is the one that we relaunched. This was an old campaign, which is why the start. This is date is old. But it stopped before. And then we relaunched again on the 16th. And since then it has also got a significant amount of impressions, which is why I was highlighting this campaign, four campaigns, which is why we saw a spike after the 16th from the 17th. And if you go back to the business report in the sales and traffic report, we started seeing a jump from 17th or 18th here. Okay. Going back to the campaign now, another event that happened is we started seeing the number of impressions again. We saw another jump towards the end of January. Now, if I. And that is coming from this campaign, by the way. Okay. The first one. Now, in that campaign, we have three different targetings. In one, we are targeting different snack keywords. Give me a moment here. So now, out of those, if I sort based on the number of impressions, you will see snacks for adults and healthy snack. There are three keywords, basically, that are driving most of these impressions. These three are driving the number of total impressions. And this one specifically, if I show you filter it, You see the difference. Just this one is driving most of the impressions.

Speaker E: Right.

Speaker C: So, yeah, not necessarily. It's not necessarily performing well in terms of return, but it's driving a lot of impressions. So this is. This is everything that I wanted to show.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: Snacks for adults.

Speaker E: For adults. Interesting, interesting.

Speaker D: So. So, okay, so if you had to summarize. So I'm going to bring a literature,

Speaker A: like, three main points.

Speaker D: Wait, Keep sharing a lot of information. So I think I'm gonna go share. Could you share just again? So I'm gonna screenshot, let's say, like the last three months. Three months of traffic.

Speaker E: Traffic, sure.

Speaker D: And just show, like, I'll. I can show her,

Speaker E: like.

Speaker D: Yeah, so this is the last one month.

Speaker B: Go back.

Speaker D: Go back like three months again. I want to see if there's any. I'm also curious.

Speaker C: I'll do that. Can you. I mean, take a screenshot first, then I'll do that.

Speaker D: Okay, you will. Okay.

Speaker E: You will. Okay.

Speaker C: And then. And then three months. Now?

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, now. Like in a year.

Speaker C: A year. I think we need to go back a little bit more. So let's do from January 2025. Yeah, and let's do it by month, so that will be easy for you to visualize. So let me do that again here.

Speaker D: Maybe take out February. So.

Speaker C: No, it dips in February. So it really is a dip. Oh, this one. Okay.

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. Just because I just started thinking.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: Okay. Interesting, interesting. Very interesting. Very interesting.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay.

Speaker D: So you will. You're okay summarizing that for Alicia.

Speaker C: If you want me to. But do you think I need to do that?

Speaker D: I don't understand what you were trying to connect between the ads and the traffic.

Speaker C: Well, okay, so ads is basically traffic, right? I mean, there I'm showing you the number of impressions and the correlation between the changes in the impression and the traffic. And one more thing that I. One last thing that I'll show you is the branded searches. This is also another input that you need to, you know, take into account if you want to understand what's happening. So this is three farmers. And this is the search volume I'm going to show you. Let's say, let's first look at the last 30 days. It basically improved from let's say 2000 to 2600. This is the increment and this is from the beginning of January to mid January. All right, so we don't have the latest data yet, but yeah, mid January. So perhaps to get this data we need to wait a little longer and then see what happened towards the end of the month.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: And this number is comparable to the last year. So for example, this is, we're looking at many years of data here. Let's focus on 2025 January. 2025 January also did something around 2600 searches, which is similar to our numbers right now. So my, the reason I'm showing this to you is. And again, this is, I may not be correct, but if we are running TV ads, will people go to Amazon and search for a generic keyword or category, keyword like snack for adults and look for our product or will they look for our brand name? Three farmers. So, and my assumption is that later on, if they're seeing our product on tv, they will look for our brand name and perhaps the product that we're advertising for. So prudent snack mixes. So the uplift that I, I can see so far we may need to wait a little longer is probably not significant enough. It's not statistically significant enough to say that we are getting a lot of traffic because of the TV campaign.

Speaker A: This is just coming from.

Speaker D: So you're. So the assumption is it's mostly coming from search work, key terms like for adults.

Speaker C: Yeah, primarily because. No, no, no, no, no. Don't say snack for adults. Don't say that. It's just that we're getting a lot of impressions for some reason. But that's not converting on paper. It's not converting at least from ad console. It's just the impressions that we're getting. Two things. I mean, one thing is the new campaigns that we launched, they got it, they converted a lot overall. And then towards the end of January, the number of impressions increased a lot. Right. That one is connected to keywords like snack for adults, that one cure in particular. And that didn't drive too many sales, at least from that console, it looks like it didn't drive many sales. The camera

Speaker D: is only interested in Web traffic.

Speaker A: So.

Speaker D: So now you. So. Sorry. Sorry.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay, so let's do this. Let's. Let's talk about all the events that happened. Time.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker C: With timelines. On the 16th, you can also write it down. 16th or 17th, we launched four new campaigns.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker C: On the 19th, we started the TV ad campaigns.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: And.

Speaker C: Let's say towards the end of January, one particular keyword, I.e. snack for adults, started getting a lot of impressions.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker C: And in the branded searches. Towards the beginning from. It jumped from 1900, which was towards the beginning of January, to 2600 in mid January.

Speaker D: But that was before. No, that was.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. That doesn't say much. Okay, right, so we'll have to wait on that one. We cannot draw a conclusion yet. All right, now if those are the things that. Those are.

Speaker E: Patient.

Speaker C: Yeah. Now let's talk about the traffic and the impressions.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: So for the traffic, we started seeing an increment in Traffic from the 17th.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: We also saw a similar trend for ad impressions from the 17th.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. And then towards the end of January, we started seeing the ad impressions increasing a lot, primarily because of snack for adults. So this is all basically that you need to consider. And you can take screenshots if you want.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: So let's probably take screenshots of each of the things that you mentioned.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: And you're saying you will do that to me and then I can write everything else?

Speaker C: I mean, you can do it right

Speaker E: now if you want.

Speaker C: I'm just trying to get it.

Speaker D: I don't know.

Speaker C: I'm going to share my screen right now. If you want, you can take a screenshot from here. It. Does it work?

Speaker E: Yeah, perfect. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. So I'm going to do one month and by day you already took this screenshot.

Speaker A: Right, sorry.

Speaker D: Share your screen. Sorry.

Speaker A: Share your screen again.

Speaker C: Oh, I'm not sharing my screen.

Speaker E: Come on.

Speaker D: No worries. I took away from myself. I want to look at myself. So this is from January.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. This is one. Let me know when you're done with this one.

Speaker E: Yeah, I'm done. Yeah, I'm done with that one.

Speaker C: Okay, now let's take a screenshot of this one. This is again, 30 days of data.

Speaker E: Okay, okay.

Speaker C: Okay. And let's take a step.

Speaker D: I just need to know though, which. Because when you hover over. Over each one. Each one. Otherwise it doesn't. Otherwise. Yeah, just even stop on one of those. Otherwise I don't. Otherwise. I know what this graph means.

Speaker C: You can See these numbers? So, for example.

Speaker D: I know, but we don't. I don't know.

Speaker A: I don't know what that blue bar. So just stop where it says.

Speaker D: Like this one.

Speaker A: Just impressions.

Speaker E: Stop spending.

Speaker D: Maybe just. It's much easier. Go to one of the bars. Stay there for a second.

Speaker E: Yeah, just there. Just there.

Speaker D: I feel like it's much easier to digest that way.

Speaker E: Okay, okay.

Speaker C: Okay. Let me know when you're done with this.

Speaker E: Yeah, I'm done. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Now let's talk about just that particular ad group with the keywords next, for adults. You can take a screenshot of this one. It's hiding it. Sorry, I'll just move my cursor.

Speaker E: Oh, come on. That's okay.

Speaker C: That's okay.

Speaker E: Okay, yeah.

Speaker C: Done with this one.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker E: Yes.

Speaker C: And okay, so I could probably add one more data point about the branded keywords. So we also target branded keywords and we could see the ad data. It's. So we have two ad groups where we are targeting the branded keywords, like tree farmers, three farmers, fava beans, all of those stuff. All of those keywords and one sequence second.

Speaker B: So

Speaker C: those combined. I'm sorry, one second, let me see. Not this one. Okay, so those. There is another one. So what happened is overall the impressions, as you can see, it actually is showing a decrease. But there is another campaign that. Another ad group that actually made up for this, decreased. So overall they are almost the same. It has remained almost the same for the last 30 days.

Speaker D: So the branded keywords remain the same

Speaker E: for the last 30 days in ads.

Speaker C: Yes, it's. I'm showing you just the ads, by the way, not the overall traffic. But still, it's a data point.

Speaker D: So if you had to say a

Speaker A: sentence conclusion on that, what would it be?

Speaker E: What would it be?

Speaker C: I think we should wait for a little bit longer so that you can see the branded traffic. I mean, branded searches, how that was, especially in the later half of the. Of January. And then we can probably draw a clear conclusion whether, you know, the. How much the TV campaigns are influencing our Amazon sales.

Speaker E: So wait,

Speaker D: okay, maybe I want this then, Because she's just gonna ask. She's just gonna ask.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker D: Essentially, I'll show her

Speaker E: to see. Okay. Okay.

Speaker C: Sorry.

Speaker D: I'm also very. I understood half of what you said. And we'll see.

Speaker A: What?

Speaker E: See what?

Speaker D: I don't know. I don't even know what I'm saying. Talk to.

Speaker C: No, we want a. I think you understood everything. It's just a lot of data. Yeah, that's why.

Speaker D: Just Gaslighting. Gaslighting.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: I'm also. I'm also just not my best.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker D: Thank you very much for your time. I know that. I know that they ask a lot,

Speaker E: so we will see. Okay.

Speaker A: Anything else? Anything else?

Speaker C: No, I think that's all. Pretty much everything for this.

Speaker A: Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you.

Speaker D: Okay, well, have a good. I'm assuming it's nighttime there. I looked it up last time.

Speaker C: Yes. You know what?

Speaker E: Yeah, me.

Speaker C: I'll add one more thing. So I also saw that Alicia had that in the agenda about the promotions. She mentioned that we can participate in Prime Day. Prime exclusive discount for the 18 pack now that it's in four, has a four star. So on that line I need to. I need a confirmation from your team whether the promotions plan that I sent is approved or not.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, it is approved. Is approved. Yes.

Speaker D: The one that you had was approved.

Speaker E: Yes.

Speaker D: And maybe, maybe that wasn't communicated properly. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. So it needs confirmation on. Yeah, so everything

Speaker A: we were on board with. Because we.

Speaker D: We mostly talked through like Q2, essentially.

Speaker A: We didn't go further.

Speaker D: Go further. But we can always reach.

Speaker C: Sure.

Speaker E: Okay, sounds good. Awesome. Sounds good. Okay, thank you. Thank you.

Speaker C: Thank you.

Speaker A: Have a good day. Have a good day.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker C: I hope you feel better soon.

Speaker D: Yeah, thank you. Yeah, thank you.

Speaker A: Bye.

Speaker E: Take care.

Speaker C: Bye now.

