Transcript for: Recording__1097.mp4
Title: Recording #1097
============================================================

That's just how it works. Yeah. So how have you been? Fine. Got a nice big storm outside though today, so I am needing to resist the urge to go back to sleep and nap because it's one of those nice thunderstorms. How about yourself? Sleepy. Okay. Well, it's been good. But I want to tell you something. Seem. So I was. You have seen that I have not been able to really focus on the class and all. So I was thinking of not continuing this for now. So this is probably going to be the last one for now. And then I have some other priorities to deal with that's mostly career related. So once I'm. I enjoy these classes. So once I'm done with that, probably. I'm not sure when, maybe within a few months, I'll probably come back, but this is going to be the last one for now. Huh? Well, makes. I mean, I understand if you have other things going on. I know that you did take some. A couple weeks off. So that was unrelated together or. No, no, that was kind of unrelated. That was more like social planning and also like I am. There are so much. There is so much in my mind right now. And I was also in a dilemma. I was like, oh no, I still didn't learn R yet. I need to learn R. So I enjoy these classes. It has definitely helped me a lot when it comes to pronunciation and also the placement. I'm not sure how much I have changed, but I'm more mindful these days, you know. No, I think placement has really helped. I think involving intonation in it as well would be very helpful with it. But since you want to take a break for a while instead of doing kind of the original idea for today, let me go ahead and peek. Would you rather talk about ways that you can maybe study or keep on it? Yeah. Or would you. What would you want to go over today? I think that would be nice. Like, I understand that I lose access to all these accent Advisor things actually. When have you canceled it yet? I didn't get an email that you canceled. So are you able to download it on your end? I can download them, yes. I mean, if you happened to download a bunch of things before you quit your classes, like that's a choice you can make. Sure. Yeah, that would be nice. Yeah. So if. If you want, you can go ahead and do that. I can go ahead and share some of the other things right now that I think would be helpful that we haven't gone around to like intonation. Now as far as intonation, though, it can Be quite complex. So I would suggest maybe peeking at it and then as far as taking a break. What are some of the practices that you've been able to do between classes that have helped you? Because we can talk about how to maybe do some more of that with the things that we've been working on currently. Sure. Okay. So I'd say the vowels that we did, the short vowels. Right. That also long. Some. The long ones. So that really helps, especially e. And some of the A pronunciations, although I don't remember most of the A pronunciations. Some of the stop sounds that also helped. Although I'm. I don't think I have totally internalized all of those concepts, but I have implemented some th. For example, that's another one that I have implemented. I would say placement. I try to, you know, I try to feel if I'm really speaking from. No, your placement has gotten better. And the main way I can tell with your placement is that your intonation is less noticeable. So the Indian accent has quite a bit. I know I'm not. Yeah, I'm sure. And you know what? That kind, in a way, sounds very irritating to my ears these days. I mean, the voice. I don't know how I can describe it. So I don't know. I. I'll just say how I am thinking. So it doesn't sound deep. It sounds like. Sounds irritating in a way. I don't know. Yeah, yeah, I understand. I also have that. That's with the placement. The placement is higher. So I would say stress and intonation are probably the two. Stress, intonation, placement, those are the real big building blocks, how they relate to vowels as well. So. So what I think would be helpful is I'll go ahead and write it down and then I'll just send it to you later so that I don't spend time just sending. I'm going to. I'll make a to send list. I'm going to share the rest of the vowels. So the rest of the long vowels. Right. So what I think would be helpful is if you practice placement a little bit more, just because that's something that we've gone over together, you've gotten a lot better with it. Even today, I can hear that your placement is lower. And like I said, that's affecting your intonation. It's kind of soft. Softening your intonation. It's making your stress kind of sound more natural because it's kind of softening it. So generally, the Indian accent, the intonation goes with every syllable. It's not connected to the stress as much. So your intonation goes up and down on every syllable rather than just the stressed syllables. Right. Because what are the parts of stress in English? Do you remember? No. Okay, so it's longer, louder, higher in tone. So generally our more stressed syllables have higher intonation, Whereas a lot of times, intonation, especially back when you first started, was broken up more with the syllable rather than with the stress. So what I think would be helpful is continuing the placement. I always recommend Rachel's English, especially to my students who are stepping out for a minute for intonation and stress. So those are the big kind of chunky things. I recommend going over placement, looking into intonation and stress, and then I recommend looking at. After you're more comfortable with those, I recommend looking at long vowels. But before you look at long vowels, almost spelled fish, look at w and y. And the reason for that is because all the long vowels have either a W or Y shape to them. So look at. So placement, intonation, stress. Once you're a little more comfortable, Y and W, then long vowels. Okay, but these are all new things, right? Yes. How about I stick to the old ones? Like, okay, yeah, I'm just letting you know because I don't think I'll have the time. You know, I, I, if I had the time, I'd continue with this class. Classes. Yeah. That's kind of why I'm stating it as well, is because some of my students say, yeah, yeah, I'll be back. And then they don't, which I'm not blaming them for. I just want to give you the resources where if you do make the choice not to come back, that you still will be able to kind of have an idea of where you'd continue. Or if you pick up with another coach, be like, hey, I had a coach. Her name was Sim Da da da. Or if you go with a different program other than Accent Advisor or whatever you choose to do, I just want to give you those kind of my ideas and the resources. Right. So if I want to connect with you later on, how do I do that? So if you want to connect with me, you can either message me through here through teams, because, you know, I'm always looking at teams. It's not, you know, owned by Accent Advisor or anything. So you can message me through there, or I'll actually give you my email as well. Sure. Yeah. What's better for you? Maybe email, Depending on if you want to come back to Accent Advisor, if you would want to just maybe ask me a few questions or go Over a few things with me so you can come back to Accent Advisor and you can ask, hey, you know, I have this coach named Sim. It's been a few months, but can I get reconnected with her? So you can request me or you can message me, whichever you prefer. And then these are some of the things. I'll send you some links related to them. And like I said, I'll share everything on Accent Advisor that they have to offer. Just you can go ahead and download them and as long as you don't tell Accent Advisor I said you should do that. No, no, of course not. Yeah. So those are what I recommend going forward. Keeping up on World of Tea. Like I said, I'll send a few links like the World of Tea review. I recommend download all the world of T practices that we've gone over, like th practice sheets, things like that. And then just kind of refreshing once in a while. Sure, yeah. Yeah, that would be. I don't know. Yeah. So if I can do that, that would be great. Right? Let's see. Yeah. At least now I'm aware that these are the things that I need to notice and practice. That's a good thing. Yeah. I mean, you've made a lot of improvements. So I would just say placement, intonation, stress. Those are the bigger ones and the more complex ones. But you know, they're kind of. I would say the next steps, because vowels are also going to be very important, but for some of my higher level students, I do prefer going over placement and stress before going over the vowels because they're so closely related. They're so closely related. I'd rather have my students practicing vowels with the right placement and stress rather than just doing the motions, doing placement and stress, and then needing to come back anyway. You know what I mean? Right. Yeah. Was there anything else that you had questions on? Not much really. I mean, I was actually thinking of telling you last class, but you know what? When you started teaching me R and I was like, oh my God, I need to learn these things. So I ended up not telling you about it and you're like, freaking R, not my friend. I mean, it's always interesting. It's in a way self improvement, and I like to work on that. I started it thinking that this is something I need and I don't want to, you know, just stop without actually finishing it. So. Yeah. So that's why I thought, okay, maybe I'll take a week to think about it and then come back. Yeah. And I mean, like, I joked about it last Time. I'm like, you have a life outside of me. Accent classes. Yeah, I know, but obviously you're taking these classes so that you can approach life differently. So life comes first. Obviously. So I will send you different worksheets, different things that you can go over that could help you either review or go forward a little bit. I recommend reviewing mostly. And then once you're comfortable, maybe even going forward. Because even if you do come back and you're like, hey, Sim, I already started looking a little bit at Intonation. Great. Then you have a bit of an idea before we go over it together. If you can study it independently and get an idea there, awesome. If you can get a bit of an idea. But then you need help. I mean, that happens too. Whatever. Whatever works. Yeah. When is the midterm election, by the way? Really? You just. You're like, last class. I gotta do politics. The midterm election is not for a minute. Remember, Trump's only been here for, for like, what, 30 seconds? Yeah. Not till next year. Oh, my God. Okay. I was thinking soon. No, unfortunately. Unfortunately not. I just. I don't know. I have to just escape. Well, I, I. By now I know how politically inclined you are a little bit, at least. So I can also say that it looks like Trump is really, really crazy this time. The second time is just. Yeah, he is. And even aside from Trump, it's just stirring up conservatives everywhere. Like, there's a woman who went to jail because she had a miscarriage. She's in jail right now. Oh, my God. Because she had a miscarriage. She passed out from it. And they arrested her because she didn't report it right away and said that they arrested her for hiding a death. Oh, they did checks. They forcibly checked her to see if she, like, took anything to get rid of it. Turned out she didn't, but she's still in jail. Anyway. Like, this place is going nuts. There's a woman on life support who. They won't give the family the option, like, keep her on life support or not because she's pregnant. Oh, wow. And they. She. The family's getting all the medical bills, which we've already talked about is crazy here. Doesn't sound like America at all. That's America. Now it's going crazy. There's people in mask. There's been. There was a politician murdered by a fake police agent because ICE and police haven't been identifying. You know how ICE has just been wearing masks and, like, literally kidnapping people in unmarked vans for deportation? I. I know. Yeah. But I Didn't see them. Well, yeah, like, if you watch any videos, ICE agents just. And I've heard about this personally, because I have friends in la, okay. Who have seen stuff happening. And there was. There's been a few people killed because people are like, oh, you don't have to identify yourself as a cop now. You can say. And then there was people who pretended to be a cop, and then some people died. Like, I watched some Instagram reels that are funny. Like, you know, so in a restaurant, let's say Mexicans are working, and they would just call. I like, as if ICE is coming. So they would just start hiding. Those are the funny videos they made. I watched that crazy. And. And there was another, like, real where it's between the husband and wife. So husband is American and then the wife is Mexican. So they were having just, you know, funny banters between them. And then it's funny overall. And then last thing that the husband says, I got a call from ice, like, you're getting deported. And then something like that. It was funny in. Said it in a funny way. I don't remember how exactly. And that was the end of it. And then the reaction from the wife was funny. So, yeah, this kind of things, I mean, it's all fun and games, except for I have an actual friend who was living here for two years as a student, and then he left to go visit his parents for Christmas last. Yeah, last year. And he still hasn't been able to come back. Whoa. Even though he had the student visa, it's just not processing. So. Yeah, he's stuck in Russia now. Oh, okay. I see. No, I have heard the same thing. Like, I don't have any friends who are studying there, but friends are friends. They are there and they don't leave the US Right now. Yeah. Because of the situation. Yeah. I have another student who wanted to go visit Thailand. Yeah. Yeah. And he had. He hired a lawyer and he filled out the paperwork and he, like, he's like, I. I really want to make sure I can go back. I've been here five years. And they gave him a bit of trouble, but his lawyer sorted it out, so. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's good. I have. I actually have a student who's an immigration lawyer in Florida, and she says things are going. Yeah, things are just crazy. She has a lot of business now. Yeah. Until she's deported. Because she's Latina. She's deported. No, I'm saying I wouldn't be surprised if she was. Oh. Oh, okay. Oh, they always Go after the lawyers first. Really? Yeah. Oh, my God, that's terrible. Yeah. Well, yay, America. But anyways, I don't know, have. Have fun in. In Canada. You'll be our fifth 51st state soon enough. I mean, that one's not real, but yeah. Yeah. Other stuff. Yeah. Anyways, so English. Yes. Yeah. Yes. So like I said, if you do have any questions, you can reach out. Be like, hey, what's this with R? Whatever. I can send a quick answer. I don't mind. You don't mind? You're so nice. It's the snails, actually. I make them answer my emails. So I'm not actually doing any of the work. It's this one right here. This one only answers placements about. This one only answers questions about placement. She does the rest. Yeah. But if you want to go ahead and message me on that, I will send, like I said, a bunch of different links that I might be helpful. That might be helpful. I think schwa, tea and placement for review, especially schwa because it's related to stress and placement and intonation. Schwa is an important one. Do you have those old practices? Back when we were using Skype, I sent some practices about schwa where I highlighted where all the schwa and schwa are. Was. No, no, it's okay. See, I'll not have the time. I know that. Okay, I'll tell you what. What's happening? Like, you know, I think I'm getting distracted with so many things. Like even this English class, I understand it's just half an hour, but if I want to do it properly, I need to dedicate at least one hour to go over all the things, practice. And also not just one hour. I need to do something every day. Understand? It doesn't take much time. Still, this is one thing and there are so many other things. And even in career, I have been like, kind of stuck in one place. It's a business. Right? Right. And I think I need to do unproportionate, not unproportionate. Is that a word? Or disproportionate. Disproportional. Disproportional. Like I want to. I need to do that kind of work, like disproportionate amount of work right now so that I can get past this barrier. So I am trying to, like, I made a list of things that I'm taking care of, like pursuing in my personal life, plus also in career, trying to eliminate things that I can do it right do right now so that I can focus on just the few Things that are really important, which is why I'm doing this as one of the things that I'm doing right now. Right. Is there a particular, is it a particular rush at work? Like, I have some students where they have like a summer rush, depending on, you know, what their job is or. Right. It's more like, you know, skill development kind of. If, like for now, I told you that I'm stuck. So I have some clients, very loyal clients there with me for like years. But I don't have the capability of getting more clients on my own. So far, whatever has happened has happened through freelancing platforms and referral. But I don't have any marketing channel through which I can acquire my own clients. And that's something I have always wanted to do for almost two years now. Imagine the frustration that I am, I have right now. So that's one thing that I need to figure out. And second thing is I have started working with someone. It's very promising. If I tell you a little bit about her, you'll be like, wow, who is. She has remained vice president of marketing and CMO of some big companies. VP of P& G, in fact, Procter and Gambles and has sold her business in the CPG industry in the past. Now she's guiding me through some things and she says that I need to work on my critical things thinking, for example. Okay, so you're kind of getting guidance on how to improve for the goals that you've been wanting for a while. Basically. Critical thinking is not related to the client acquisition. Client acquisition, yes, it is. So here's what is happening. Client acquisition through LinkedIn. Content marketing. Content marketing is something I have been wanting to do. That's what I'm really frustrated about. So I need to, first of all get started with that, be consistent. And second thing is this woman, she is so much well known in the industry. So if I can, you know, work on the things that she's suggesting I work on and build a good rapport with her, she can connect me with so many people and she has already done that. Our hours are very expensive, but still, I mean, I'm okay to pay those things, first of all, because it's going to develop the skill, skill and I'm going to build some rapport with her and that in turn will get me more clients. So these are the things I want to work on right now. Focus on it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You'll have to keep me updated on if you, if, if she helps you out with, you know, what she's helping you out with. Yes, it's critical thinking mostly for now. Yeah. You know what? Let me tell you a little bit of her personal achievements. So she's also very athletic. You know of the Ironman competition, right? I do not. Ironman marathon. Of course. You know that. 44, 42 kilometers, I think 21 miles up. Running. Marathon. Oh, a marathon. Yeah, yeah, I know what marathons are. Yeah. Wait a second. What is. So in Ironman combination, you have to. It's a triathlete. Triathlon. Triathlon. Yeah. It's a triathlon consisting of 2.4 miles of swimming. Are you more familiar with kilometers or miles? Miles, but I. I know what kilometers are because I've been outside of the US 112 miles of bike ride and 26.2 miles of run. Oh, if that's all. Yes, that's all. She has completed that 11 times in her lifetime. She's 57 now. 11 times. Let me know when she's done. 12 times. Not impressive at all. Totally normal. Yeah. So, yeah, she is very tough. Like, has a tough mindset, right? Yes. She's smiling a lot. Yeah, yeah. Very growth oriented. Goal oriented. So if she sees that I'm not putting in that much effort, which I'm not, by the way. I was supposed to have the meeting with her with the updated reports this week. I couldn't do that. So if she sees that, she'll be disappointed for sure. Yeah. So she'll. She'll make you honest. She'll keep you to it. Yeah. Well, sounds good. I mean, it sounds like you. You're in good hands. Maybe she'll take you on a triathlon with her. Oh, yeah. I'm not. I'm good. Just. Just pick one. Swimming, biking, running. Just cannot finish any one of those. It's too much. Neither could I, but fair enough. All right, well, in that case, like I said, I'll send you some links. You look at what you can, but of course you're going to focus on what's more important to you. I think none of your clients are going to care too much if you don't perfect your placement right away. So you work on your clients, you work on your mentor, and good luck with everything. Thank you so much. Sim. It's nice doing all these classes. I will be back. I want to be. I'm not sure when exactly. And if I do come back, I'll contact you. Yeah, you. Yeah, you. Just when you do, are you pausing or you're like, quitting with the intention? I'm quitting. Okay. So do. Just let them know they're going to ask you your reason to quit. Just let them know you're on a break. Da da da. And then if you do choose to come back, I think you have to email them first before you re. Enroll and just suggest me by name or you know, let them know in some way. You said that you also gave me your email, so did you mean that? I like. Are you suggesting we do it outside of Accent Advisor or if. Yeah, we could peek around at that if you want to. Or you can message me things between your break as well. Because I do convenient for you. That's. That's what I'm asking. Yeah. So I do sometimes work with people outside of Accent Advisor as well, but we can work out those kind of details if you choose. Yeah. Right. Yeah. For now I'm going to go ahead and head out to my other class, but I do wish you all the best. Let me know how many triathlons you do. I expect at least 11. Yes. And have a good rest of your day. Yeah, you too. Seem. Take care. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: That's just how it works.

Speaker B: Yeah. So how have you been?

Speaker A: Fine. Got a nice big storm outside though today, so I am needing to resist the urge to go back to sleep and nap because it's one of those nice thunderstorms. How about yourself?

Speaker B: Sleepy. Okay. Well, it's been good. But I want to tell you something. Seem. So I was. You have seen that I have not been able to really focus on the class and all. So I was thinking of not continuing this for now. So this is probably going to be the last one for now. And then I have some other priorities to deal with that's mostly career related. So once I'm. I enjoy these classes. So once I'm done with that, probably. I'm not sure when, maybe within a few months, I'll probably come back, but this is going to be the last one for now.

Speaker A: Huh? Well, makes. I mean, I understand if you have other things going on. I know that you did take some. A couple weeks off. So that was unrelated together or.

Speaker B: No, no, that was kind of unrelated. That was more like social planning and also like I am. There are so much. There is so much in my mind right now. And I was also in a dilemma. I was like, oh no, I still didn't learn R yet. I need to learn R. So I enjoy these classes. It has definitely helped me a lot when it comes to pronunciation and also the placement. I'm not sure how much I have changed, but I'm more mindful these days, you know.

Speaker A: No, I think placement has really helped. I think involving intonation in it as well would be very helpful with it. But since you want to take a break for a while instead of doing kind of the original idea for today, let me go ahead and peek. Would you rather talk about ways that you can maybe study or keep on it?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Or would you. What would you want to go over today?

Speaker B: I think that would be nice. Like, I understand that I lose access to all these accent Advisor things actually.

Speaker A: When have you canceled it yet? I didn't get an email that you canceled. So are you able to download it on your end?

Speaker B: I can download them, yes.

Speaker A: I mean, if you happened to download a bunch of things before you quit your classes, like that's a choice you can make.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah, that would be nice.

Speaker A: Yeah. So if. If you want, you can go ahead and do that. I can go ahead and share some of the other things right now that I think would be helpful that we haven't gone around to like intonation. Now as far as intonation, though, it can Be quite complex. So I would suggest maybe peeking at it and then as far as taking a break. What are some of the practices that you've been able to do between classes that have helped you? Because we can talk about how to maybe do some more of that with the things that we've been working on currently.

Speaker B: Sure. Okay. So I'd say the vowels that we did, the short vowels. Right. That also long. Some. The long ones. So that really helps, especially e. And some of the A pronunciations, although I don't remember most of the A pronunciations. Some of the stop sounds that also helped. Although I'm. I don't think I have totally internalized all of those concepts, but I have implemented some th. For example, that's another one that I have implemented. I would say placement. I try to, you know, I try to feel if I'm really speaking from.

Speaker A: No, your placement has gotten better. And the main way I can tell with your placement is that your intonation is less noticeable. So the Indian accent has quite a bit. I know I'm not. Yeah, I'm sure.

Speaker B: And you know what? That kind, in a way, sounds very irritating to my ears these days. I mean, the voice. I don't know how I can describe it. So I don't know. I. I'll just say how I am thinking. So it doesn't sound deep. It sounds like. Sounds irritating in a way. I don't know.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I understand.

Speaker B: I also have that.

Speaker A: That's with the placement. The placement is higher. So I would say stress and intonation are probably the two. Stress, intonation, placement, those are the real big building blocks, how they relate to vowels as well. So. So what I think would be helpful is I'll go ahead and write it down and then I'll just send it to you later so that I don't spend time just sending. I'm going to. I'll make a to send list. I'm going to share the rest of the vowels. So the rest of the long vowels. Right. So what I think would be helpful is if you practice placement a little bit more, just because that's something that we've gone over together, you've gotten a lot better with it. Even today, I can hear that your placement is lower. And like I said, that's affecting your intonation. It's kind of soft. Softening your intonation. It's making your stress kind of sound more natural because it's kind of softening it. So generally, the Indian accent, the intonation goes with every syllable. It's not connected to the stress as much. So your intonation goes up and down on every syllable rather than just the stressed syllables. Right. Because what are the parts of stress in English? Do you remember?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: Okay, so it's longer, louder, higher in tone. So generally our more stressed syllables have higher intonation, Whereas a lot of times, intonation, especially back when you first started, was broken up more with the syllable rather than with the stress. So what I think would be helpful is continuing the placement. I always recommend Rachel's English, especially to my students who are stepping out for a minute for intonation and stress. So those are the big kind of chunky things. I recommend going over placement, looking into intonation and stress, and then I recommend looking at. After you're more comfortable with those, I recommend looking at long vowels. But before you look at long vowels, almost spelled fish, look at w and y. And the reason for that is because all the long vowels have either a W or Y shape to them. So look at. So placement, intonation, stress. Once you're a little more comfortable, Y and W, then long vowels.

Speaker B: Okay, but these are all new things, right?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: How about I stick to the old ones?

Speaker A: Like, okay, yeah, I'm just letting you

Speaker B: know because I don't think I'll have the time. You know, I, I, if I had the time, I'd continue with this class. Classes.

Speaker A: Yeah. That's kind of why I'm stating it as well, is because some of my students say, yeah, yeah, I'll be back. And then they don't, which I'm not blaming them for. I just want to give you the resources where if you do make the choice not to come back, that you still will be able to kind of have an idea of where you'd continue. Or if you pick up with another coach, be like, hey, I had a coach. Her name was Sim Da da da. Or if you go with a different program other than Accent Advisor or whatever you choose to do, I just want to give you those kind of my ideas and the resources. Right.

Speaker B: So if I want to connect with you later on, how do I do that?

Speaker A: So if you want to connect with me, you can either message me through here through teams, because, you know, I'm always looking at teams. It's not, you know, owned by Accent Advisor or anything. So you can message me through there, or I'll actually give you my email as well.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah. What's better for you?

Speaker A: Maybe email, Depending on if you want to come back to Accent Advisor, if you would want to just maybe ask me a few questions or go Over a few things with me so you can come back to Accent Advisor and you can ask, hey, you know, I have this coach named Sim. It's been a few months, but can I get reconnected with her? So you can request me or you can message me, whichever you prefer. And then these are some of the things. I'll send you some links related to them. And like I said, I'll share everything on Accent Advisor that they have to offer. Just you can go ahead and download them and as long as you don't tell Accent Advisor I said you should do that.

Speaker B: No, no, of course not.

Speaker A: Yeah. So those are what I recommend going forward. Keeping up on World of Tea. Like I said, I'll send a few links like the World of Tea review. I recommend download all the world of T practices that we've gone over, like th practice sheets, things like that. And then just kind of refreshing once in a while.

Speaker B: Sure, yeah. Yeah, that would be. I don't know. Yeah. So if I can do that, that would be great.

Speaker A: Right?

Speaker B: Let's see. Yeah. At least now I'm aware that these are the things that I need to notice and practice. That's a good thing.

Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, you've made a lot of improvements. So I would just say placement, intonation, stress. Those are the bigger ones and the more complex ones. But you know, they're kind of. I would say the next steps, because vowels are also going to be very important, but for some of my higher level students, I do prefer going over placement and stress before going over the vowels because they're so closely related. They're so closely related. I'd rather have my students practicing vowels with the right placement and stress rather than just doing the motions, doing placement and stress, and then needing to come back anyway. You know what I mean? Right. Yeah. Was there anything else that you had questions on?

Speaker B: Not much really. I mean, I was actually thinking of telling you last class, but you know what? When you started teaching me R and I was like, oh my God, I need to learn these things. So I ended up not telling you

Speaker A: about it and you're like, freaking R, not my friend.

Speaker B: I mean, it's always interesting. It's in a way self improvement, and I like to work on that. I started it thinking that this is something I need and I don't want to, you know, just stop without actually finishing it. So. Yeah. So that's why I thought, okay, maybe I'll take a week to think about it and then come back.

Speaker A: Yeah. And I mean, like, I joked about it last Time. I'm like, you have a life outside of me. Accent classes. Yeah, I know, but obviously you're taking these classes so that you can approach life differently. So life comes first. Obviously. So I will send you different worksheets, different things that you can go over that could help you either review or go forward a little bit. I recommend reviewing mostly. And then once you're comfortable, maybe even going forward. Because even if you do come back and you're like, hey, Sim, I already started looking a little bit at Intonation. Great. Then you have a bit of an idea before we go over it together. If you can study it independently and get an idea there, awesome. If you can get a bit of an idea. But then you need help. I mean, that happens too. Whatever. Whatever works.

Speaker B: Yeah. When is the midterm election, by the way?

Speaker A: Really? You just. You're like, last class. I gotta do politics. The midterm election is not for a minute. Remember, Trump's only been here for, for like, what, 30 seconds?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Not till next year.

Speaker B: Oh, my God. Okay. I was thinking soon.

Speaker A: No, unfortunately. Unfortunately not. I just. I don't know. I have to just escape.

Speaker B: Well, I, I. By now I know how politically inclined you are a little bit, at least. So I can also say that it looks like Trump is really, really crazy this time. The second time is just.

Speaker A: Yeah, he is. And even aside from Trump, it's just stirring up conservatives everywhere. Like, there's a woman who went to jail because she had a miscarriage. She's in jail right now.

Speaker B: Oh, my God.

Speaker A: Because she had a miscarriage. She passed out from it. And they arrested her because she didn't report it right away and said that they arrested her for hiding a death. Oh, they did checks. They forcibly checked her to see if she, like, took anything to get rid of it. Turned out she didn't, but she's still in jail. Anyway. Like, this place is going nuts. There's a woman on life support who. They won't give the family the option, like, keep her on life support or not because she's pregnant.

Speaker B: Oh, wow.

Speaker A: And they. She. The family's getting all the medical bills, which we've already talked about is crazy here.

Speaker B: Doesn't sound like America at all.

Speaker A: That's America. Now it's going crazy. There's people in mask. There's been. There was a politician murdered by a fake police agent because ICE and police haven't been identifying. You know how ICE has just been wearing masks and, like, literally kidnapping people in unmarked vans for deportation?

Speaker B: I. I know. Yeah. But I Didn't see them.

Speaker A: Well, yeah, like, if you watch any videos, ICE agents just. And I've heard about this personally, because I have friends in la, okay. Who have seen stuff happening. And there was. There's been a few people killed because people are like, oh, you don't have to identify yourself as a cop now. You can say. And then there was people who pretended to be a cop, and then some people died.

Speaker B: Like, I watched some Instagram reels that are funny. Like, you know, so in a restaurant, let's say Mexicans are working, and they would just call. I like, as if ICE is coming. So they would just start hiding. Those are the funny videos they made. I watched that

Speaker A: crazy.

Speaker B: And. And there was another, like, real where it's between the husband and wife. So husband is American and then the wife is Mexican. So they were having just, you know, funny banters between them. And then it's funny overall. And then last thing that the husband says, I got a call from ice, like, you're getting deported. And then something like that. It was funny in. Said it in a funny way. I don't remember how exactly. And that was the end of it. And then the reaction from the wife was funny. So, yeah, this kind of things, I

Speaker A: mean, it's all fun and games, except for I have an actual friend who was living here for two years as a student, and then he left to go visit his parents for Christmas last. Yeah, last year. And he still hasn't been able to come back.

Speaker B: Whoa.

Speaker A: Even though he had the student visa, it's just not processing. So. Yeah, he's stuck in Russia now.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. I see. No, I have heard the same thing. Like, I don't have any friends who are studying there, but friends are friends. They are there and they don't leave the US Right now.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Because of the situation.

Speaker A: Yeah. I have another student who wanted to go visit Thailand.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: And he had. He hired a lawyer and he filled out the paperwork and he, like, he's like, I. I really want to make sure I can go back. I've been here five years. And they gave him a bit of trouble, but his lawyer sorted it out, so.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's good. I have. I actually have a student who's an immigration lawyer in Florida, and she says things are going. Yeah, things are just crazy.

Speaker B: She has a lot of business now.

Speaker A: Yeah. Until she's deported. Because she's Latina.

Speaker B: She's deported.

Speaker A: No, I'm saying I wouldn't be surprised if she was.

Speaker B: Oh. Oh, okay.

Speaker A: Oh, they always Go after the lawyers first.

Speaker B: Really?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Oh, my God, that's terrible.

Speaker A: Yeah. Well, yay, America. But anyways, I don't know, have. Have fun in. In Canada. You'll be our fifth 51st state soon enough. I mean, that one's not real, but yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Other stuff.

Speaker B: Yeah. Anyways, so English.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yes. So like I said, if you do have any questions, you can reach out. Be like, hey, what's this with R? Whatever. I can send a quick answer. I don't mind.

Speaker B: You don't mind? You're so nice.

Speaker A: It's the snails, actually. I make them answer my emails. So I'm not actually doing any of the work. It's this one right here. This one only answers placements about. This one only answers questions about placement. She does the rest. Yeah. But if you want to go ahead and message me on that, I will send, like I said, a bunch of different links that I might be helpful. That might be helpful. I think schwa, tea and placement for review, especially schwa because it's related to stress and placement and intonation. Schwa is an important one. Do you have those old practices? Back when we were using Skype, I sent some practices about schwa where I highlighted where all the schwa and schwa are. Was.

Speaker B: No, no, it's okay. See, I'll not have the time. I know that. Okay, I'll tell you what. What's happening? Like, you know, I think I'm getting distracted with so many things. Like even this English class, I understand it's just half an hour, but if I want to do it properly, I need to dedicate at least one hour to go over all the things, practice. And also not just one hour. I need to do something every day. Understand? It doesn't take much time. Still, this is one thing and there are so many other things. And even in career, I have been like, kind of stuck in one place. It's a business. Right? Right. And I think I need to do unproportionate, not unproportionate. Is that a word? Or disproportionate.

Speaker A: Disproportional.

Speaker B: Disproportional. Like I want to. I need to do that kind of work, like disproportionate amount of work right now so that I can get past this barrier. So I am trying to, like, I made a list of things that I'm taking care of, like pursuing in my personal life, plus also in career, trying to eliminate things that I can do it right do right now so that I can focus on just the few Things that are really important, which is why I'm doing this as one of the things that I'm doing right now.

Speaker A: Right. Is there a particular, is it a particular rush at work? Like, I have some students where they have like a summer rush, depending on, you know, what their job is or.

Speaker B: Right. It's more like, you know, skill development kind of. If, like for now, I told you that I'm stuck. So I have some clients, very loyal clients there with me for like years. But I don't have the capability of getting more clients on my own. So far, whatever has happened has happened through freelancing platforms and referral. But I don't have any marketing channel through which I can acquire my own clients. And that's something I have always wanted to do for almost two years now. Imagine the frustration that I am, I have right now. So that's one thing that I need to figure out. And second thing is I have started working with someone. It's very promising. If I tell you a little bit about her, you'll be like, wow, who is. She has remained vice president of marketing and CMO of some big companies. VP of P& G, in fact, Procter and Gambles and has sold her business in the CPG industry in the past. Now she's guiding me through some things and she says that I need to work on my critical things thinking, for example.

Speaker A: Okay, so you're kind of getting guidance on how to improve for the goals that you've been wanting for a while. Basically.

Speaker B: Critical thinking is not related to the client acquisition. Client acquisition, yes, it is. So here's what is happening. Client acquisition through LinkedIn. Content marketing. Content marketing is something I have been wanting to do. That's what I'm really frustrated about. So I need to, first of all get started with that, be consistent. And second thing is this woman, she is so much well known in the industry. So if I can, you know, work on the things that she's suggesting I work on and build a good rapport with her, she can connect me with so many people and she has already done that. Our hours are very expensive, but still, I mean, I'm okay to pay those things, first of all, because it's going to develop the skill, skill and I'm going to build some rapport with her and that in turn will get me more clients. So these are the things I want to work on right now. Focus on it. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: You'll have to keep me updated on if you, if, if she helps you out with, you know, what she's helping you out with.

Speaker B: Yes, it's critical thinking mostly for now. Yeah. You know what? Let me tell you a little bit of her personal achievements. So she's also very athletic. You know of the Ironman competition, right?

Speaker A: I do not.

Speaker B: Ironman marathon. Of course. You know that. 44, 42 kilometers, I think 21 miles up. Running. Marathon.

Speaker A: Oh, a marathon. Yeah, yeah, I know what marathons are.

Speaker B: Yeah. Wait a second. What is. So in Ironman combination, you have to. It's a triathlete. Triathlon. Triathlon. Yeah. It's a triathlon consisting of 2.4 miles of swimming. Are you more familiar with kilometers or miles?

Speaker A: Miles, but I. I know what kilometers are because I've been outside of the

Speaker B: US 112 miles of bike ride and 26.2 miles of run.

Speaker A: Oh, if that's all.

Speaker B: Yes, that's all. She has completed that 11 times in her lifetime. She's 57 now.

Speaker A: 11 times. Let me know when she's done. 12 times. Not impressive at all. Totally normal.

Speaker B: Yeah. So, yeah, she is very tough. Like, has a tough mindset, right? Yes. She's smiling a lot. Yeah, yeah. Very growth oriented. Goal oriented. So if she sees that I'm not putting in that much effort, which I'm not, by the way. I was supposed to have the meeting with her with the updated reports this week. I couldn't do that. So if she sees that, she'll be disappointed for sure.

Speaker A: Yeah. So she'll. She'll make you honest. She'll keep you to it.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Well, sounds good. I mean, it sounds like you. You're in good hands. Maybe she'll take you on a triathlon with her.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah. I'm not. I'm good.

Speaker A: Just. Just pick one. Swimming, biking, running.

Speaker B: Just cannot finish any one of those. It's too much.

Speaker A: Neither could I, but fair enough. All right, well, in that case, like I said, I'll send you some links. You look at what you can, but of course you're going to focus on what's more important to you. I think none of your clients are going to care too much if you don't perfect your placement right away. So you work on your clients, you work on your mentor, and good luck with everything.

Speaker B: Thank you so much. Sim. It's nice doing all these classes. I will be back. I want to be. I'm not sure when exactly. And if I do come back, I'll contact you.

Speaker A: Yeah, you. Yeah, you. Just when you do, are you pausing or you're like, quitting with the intention?

Speaker B: I'm quitting.

Speaker A: Okay. So do. Just let them know they're going to ask you your reason to quit. Just let them know you're on a break. Da da da. And then if you do choose to come back, I think you have to email them first before you re. Enroll and just suggest me by name or you know, let them know in some way.

Speaker B: You said that you also gave me your email, so did you mean that? I like. Are you suggesting we do it outside of Accent Advisor or if.

Speaker A: Yeah, we could peek around at that if you want to. Or you can message me things between your break as well.

Speaker B: Because I do convenient for you. That's. That's what I'm asking.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I do sometimes work with people outside of Accent Advisor as well, but we can work out those kind of details if you choose. Yeah.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Yeah. For now I'm going to go ahead and head out to my other class, but I do wish you all the best. Let me know how many triathlons you do. I expect at least 11.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: And have a good rest of your day.

Speaker B: Yeah, you too. Seem. Take care. Bye.

