Transcript for: Recording__1254.mp4
Title: Recording #1254
============================================================

Of the treatments. Got it. Okay. Okay. So, yeah, I can go through it and see if I, you know, find something useful that I can use for Amazon too. Yeah. For when you see it go live. If there's like a graphic on there that you think is really strong, we can just. Yeah. What Lindsay will probably do is she will probably follow the website page for the A content. That's probably what she'll do. Yeah. I'll send you. Yeah. All the individual pages because we have. Obviously these two are all set up. We added these icons that look great and then a bowl image for each flavor. So I'll send you that as well. And then again, if you do think that there needs to be a different treatment to the main images here from like, just anything different than what we've done before, let me know. Okay. I love this. Like, it looks so. Actually, Brittany, that will be the direction we give Lindsay for A plus content. Just do the page. Do the collections page. Yeah, yeah. And then just. I still think we should end with. Just because most people haven't, like, don't know us on Amazon. And then how we have you and Natasha at the bottom there. I think we should keep that in. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, yeah. Like at the sign off, like the field. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then obviously updating to the new grown and made. Okay, I'll send that over. Sorry. Show him you can share again. Okay. All right. So, yeah, we were reviewing the second one. Now we have to start from the third one. Roasted, never fried. Oh, you're reviewing that one too? We corrected the sun. We removed sunflower oil. Yeah, I'll rewrite. I'll put that copy. I can. I can correct it to read properly. Yeah. Okay. And I'll send it back to you. I'll probably just send it back to you in an email or on Word Doc. It's just easier for me. Cool. Okay. And I have added those, you know, the context of use so that it sounds like it can be a replacement for the traditional snacks in the fourth one and the fifth one. So you will see a lot of different contexts of use. And also in this one, I have also mentioned some of those family countries and all of these things. Perfect. Yes. So I won't. I won't ditch any words that you're using. I understand that we want these words in there. I'll just make sure that how it reads is just factual. Yeah, sure. Okay. Yeah, That's it. And along with this, what I'll do is I'll also add Some ideas for the listing images, particularly the second and the third or maybe the. Even the fourth one. So, you know, those are the most important ones. So if I have some ideas, I'll share them in the same notion document. Okay. Yeah. Actually, Brittany. Sorry. So, you know, actually, what do you think of that image show home? Would we be able to do it so right now on our website, when we do, do you want to reshare that page? Brittany, when we have a product image, we have the huge icons stacked right next to the image. Because how do we do it right now on our Amazon page, I'm just thinking how you think. So if you go to one of these, you see how the image. And then the huge icons, like basically in the image, like, say if that was in the image. We cannot have those icons on the main image. No, not on the first one. Yeah, yeah. But we could on the secondary one and the main image. Basically the packaging has those icons and they're very visible. Made in Canada, 12 gram fiber, 15 gram protein. Okay. Yeah. So again, yeah, totally up to you. But like, it's. They're even more visible when they're like that. Amazon will not accept that. No, yeah, we can have that in the second one. Okay, okay. Okay. And then did you want to look at the SEO a little bit too? Sure, yeah. Yeah, just share that. So it's a combination. I have kept all of the SEO keywords. Of course, we haven't used all of these things in the copy because we don't want to stuff it with the. All the keywords, but we have taken the relevant words from this list and used as many as you can without overstuffing them in the title and the bullet points and kept the rest of them in the backend. Okay. Okay. And you can check all of them here, by the way. I have kept all of these keywords, but we cannot use the brand names anywhere, even in the back end. So you will not see me using them here. Okay. Okay, sorry about that. And then what we'll have to do. So Snack Mix will have to set up in your dashboard when we go to launch, too. And there will be. We'll have to do some forecasting there, Brittany, because I was thinking on your forecast here, there's not a lot of growth, like year over year for. I'm trying to go to the totals, just the total portfolio revenue. Where's the totals here? I'd have the 2025 year to date, Dewey. I can go back to it, but right now, just total Amazon ca. Right now. Your forecast is ringing into. Where am I here? 595 90. What was our year to date in our SMI meeting yesterday? Oh no, that might be. That has Costco in at the year to date. I'm just trying to find my sales report because what are we year to date right now? Year to date right now on Amazon Canada is 517,570. Okay. So basically, and I don't mind like realistic like forecast, but so right now this does kind of match what we put in our forecast just being very conservative that it's flat. Basically. It is, yes. But it includes no snack mixes right now. No snack mixes. Yes. What do you think it will. How do you expect it to do? Do you think it will surpass the existing a snack to goals or what is that? I don't necessarily know if it's going to perform as quickly as the snacks to go. It definitely is going to track fast past our variety packs. I think the hope is that it could get up to 500 units a month really fast. Right. Like, but we'll have to see. We'll have to gauge really closely. Like I was thinking, I'm almost trying to think how many should we send in to start? Right. Okay, 100. No, I think we should definitely send more than that. Maybe you know, 200. 250 something in that range because we'll distribute, give her 30 units anyway. And I am expecting this product to do well, so yeah, I'm expecting it to do well too. Okay. So yeah, maybe I'll make sure that production I'll reconfirm. I didn't ask Annabelle yesterday in our meeting, Brittany, what he was planning on producing for snack Mix. But I'll just send them a note and saying, you know, like we recommend like 200 minimum starts. You can always send one right away. Once we know, we'll know on Amazon within the first two weeks if it's gonna clip along. Right. Like that's too quick. But it will take a bit more time. But I mean like if orders are moved like once it's actually in, if it starts to like we can watch E Commerce in real time to know if we need to send something quicker. So. And we'll also know a little bit more like we're launching on Shopify on January 1st. So it'll be interesting to see what the uptick from that is. Sure. Okay. Okay. So 200. You know, the reason I did a pessimistic forecast and I think for the old snack to go it can be even more pessimistic actually. Then what. Yeah, I noticed what you did was you basically just split the volume right between the two. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And again, I think that's even what we did, Britney, when we did like it's very. That's kind of all we can do right now. So basically where we're at. So show home we're not. So we're having the finance team do further cost analysis in the US before we make that decision to just pull. So we'll keep it business as usual for now for the US and we'll know more probably like end of January. But in terms of the snacks to go, I kind of want to see how these snack mixes start catching before we make any. Before we make any significant changes on the 30 times 15 grammar. I have two things that I want to bring up regarding the U.S. first of all, I believe it has been very unprofitable for the last four months. Let me share my screen and share my dashboard. So the reason it has been unprofitable is because we are trying to figure out if we can scale. So if you look at this low 75, this is the percentage of the revenue that you have spent on ads. And it started in July when it started thinking if we can do something. Then we tried for three months, that didn't work and in October we slowed down. Then I came up with another idea that we need to test that is, you know, long tail keywords, healthy related healthy, something along a healthy snack keywords. But long tail, more descriptive. That also didn't work really well. I mean that didn't go well and we now have slowed down. So two things. One is what if we keep the spend minimal to let's say 15%, 10 to 15% range. We don't try to scale. And second thing is we review the SKU unit unit economics for different SKUs. If we think something is unprofitable, let's kill those SKUs but keep the profitable ones. Yeah. So that's what I asked. Because they didn't necessarily go per asin. That's the further analysis that they're going to do. It was business overall. So two things. The ad dollars are not in that number. The ad dollars are over and above the loss that we're looking at. Right. So depending on whether you spend 10 or you spend 20, that's plus the minus 8 that we're at right now. So we would have to, in order to take care of that, we'd have to do like a 25% price increase. Sure. Which is not like something so. So that. That's separate. That's a separate bucket. What we're spending on ads, it's not quite in where we're really getting killed. Show home is the freight. The freight to the US Is insane. And there's really no way. There's really no way to save in the freight. Unless, sure, maybe when you're doing volume, but it's. We're like shipping these pallets across. Like unless there's some different way where Amazon buys from us instead. Like, I just. But even that won't help. Like it's. The freight into the US is crazy. Okay. Because they're like small amounts and smaller shipments. It's not like truckloads. It's like true. I get that. Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, let the financing just do some further analysis, but business as usual for now until I get more information there. But what we're used. Were you suggesting reducing ad cost with the intention to try to get more in Canada, Take five from there and add it to Canada? Yeah. Well, in fact, we are spending a lot more than 20. Right. When you're trying to experiment with the ads, it didn't work. None of those ideas worked. So, yeah, I think definitely just limited to something between 10 to 15% and then see if we can grow more in Canada. But Alicia, I have some concerns here. So if you remember, I showed you how the lifetime value looks like and I understand there are logics behind that, that we are acquiring customers from Amazon and then they are probably buying somewhere else. That's good for the brand overall. But it also makes it a little bit more challenging for us to grow on Amazon as a channel because if they don't come back to us, that's why CPG brands grow. Right. You have to retain them. So if that doesn't happen, then we are more relying on acquiring new customers compared to retaining the customers. That's a big challenge that we have. And hopefully the new protein snack mix will resolve some of those problems. Hopefully. Yeah. Yeah. And so because that's the point again, that's when you think of the overall business strategy of E Commerce to date. The two objectives that E Commerce has in the three farmers business is drive trial. Right. And, and drive trial and awareness because it's the first place and, and test innovation, basically. Right. Because it's the first place we can list something. It's the easiest place somebody can find us. But overall, the business is a grocery brand. Right. So we will eventually the snack mixes will also be everywhere and they will also be in Costco, like eventually. Right. But there's like a 18 month Runway there for E Commerce. So. Yeah, it is. I do get that E Commerce also almost needs to have its own product portfolio in order for it to be like a retention. Like. Yeah, no, I hear what you're saying, but yeah, it's kind of what, what E Commerce has been for the business today is it's a place for people to get our products that can't get it anywhere else. And it's the first place we can test innovation and get real feedback like asap. It hasn't necessarily been like, we're an E Commerce brand and we're gonna drive to 10 million D to T to C. Right. Where like you think of like Bloom Super Belly for instance, she's like, she, I think is. She's probably a 20 million dollar brand. And 60% of that, if not 70% of that is E Commerce. Wow. Yeah. Because people buy hydration online. Like they buy supplements online. Like. Right. I feel like snacks and food is harder. Like I don't buy any food online. I buy coffee online though. Yeah, like. Right. And I own harder space. I don't know. Like it is a harder. Well, and again I've been many times. But it is harder when you see it at Costco for 13.99 and then you go to rebuy it once it's out and it's 29.99 on Amazon. Like that is if I'm, you know, price checking. Yeah. So sometimes I think it's a miracle they do sell so well. Like, yeah, they do sell well. One, because Costco, it's not a permanent item. It's not an everyday item. Right. Comes twice a year. But once I'm used to something at a certain price. That's why the high field of whatever pork right now, you know, you're like, oh, this used to be cheaper beef. Yeah. Yeah. So do you have any other comments about the forecast that I have created? Do you think I need to make some amendments there? No, I thought the forecast, it was very realistic. It was, it's just more the, the question. It's very realistic. It's positioned exactly how we thought. Because it's like, okay, let's just. We're not necessarily investing more dollars. But if we did decide, which I am thinking about this like, I actually do like the idea show because January, February, March are huge months for three farmers. Like that's. We did our best in 2025. We'll do our best now. We're launching a new item I do actually think show home. Go ahead, pull down in the U.S. and come up to 20% in Canada for your spend so that you optimize. We can do what we can do in January and then we launch a new item. And at least you'll have more for that launch, right? Yeah. So why don't you just do that or pull down. Well, what are we spending in the U.S. right now? 20. So. But 20% of 16 grand. Yeah, yeah. The 30% is a target. Right now we're at 16. Yeah. So add 5% to Canada. You can go to 20 for Canada. Let's do that. Moving into Q1. And pull down, pull down in the U.S. to 10%. 10 to 15%. Yeah. Okay. 10% actually pull down to 10% in the U.S. yeah. Don't spend a lot there. No, sure. Yeah. And you know, although I don't have a clear suggestions right now, there are some things that I'm trying to think about. For example, in Canada, the old snack to go, it keeps on declining even now. It keeps on declining even further. So there'll be a point we'll. We are probably heading towards, you know, probably selling just 300, 350 units per month. So. Yeah. So. And what's the rate in which our 18 by 28 is growing? Well, okay, I didn't see the rate, but it's definitely growing. That's something I noticed. Go back to 2025 here because you went 300 to 600. What month are we in? We're like at 600. December probably will not, by the way. So about the dashboard, I think we need to have some clarity. Every time I update, it's up to the cut. Update is Sunday. So this one has data until 14th of December. Okay. And how often do you update it? How many Sundays do you update? Every Sunday I update on Tuesday. I update on Tuesday, but then I update the data until the Sunday before that gap there. Yeah. So we are probably going to. We're trending to do about 471 units even for the 18 counts. New in December. In December, yep. But the two months, two or three months before that, we were almost six, 5,700 units. Seven hundred, yes. Yeah. December has been very slow, which is in a way expected. So, so, because there's two things in here. So it's, it's so what I'm in my head when I'm looking at this is so like we said, like there's cannibalization. I'm just trying to make sure that, that we're absolutely Seeing cannibalization. And it's not like this crazy thing like, oh, we just the rebrand up. And now both are declining. One is growing, one is declining. So that is absolutely what's happening. It's just cannibalizing because it has better flavors, maybe a bigger pack like whatever it is. So as long as. So that's why I'm just saying. So that's why when I went to my sales meeting, I said two things. The forecast right now is very realistic, even with the cannibalization, even with that item cannibalizing, because we're seeing equal growth of that new variety pack. So we don't see risk there. It's just more like where's the volume going to come from? Which one is it going to come from? Right. However, where we will see growth which is not built in, which is going to be bonus to us is there is no snack mix volume built into this right now for 2026. So if we can get some. So if that is successful, that should be easy. Easy. What like 10 grand a month? Like right. So if not more so that's easy growth. And then the other thing I said is if we throw more dollars at the right time, it throw. Throw another 5 to 10% in 2026, that should help some growth in the. In the last part of the year. And if we do something and pivot and try something different with another variety pack. So. So yeah, so this is good, realistic. And the rest of it is. Is bonus for us. But we do have to monitor it really closely to make sure that once we get momentum, we're planning for it. Right. And we'll. Right now there are two things. One is two questions we have. What is causing the decline? One is whether the trend, the demand right now or I don't want to say this, but the rebrand, you know, changing everything. So we'll really know the answer in January, January, February, March, because then it's in demand. And the only factor that remains is the rebranding and also how we are advertising. So we'll have some more clarity in Q1. Yeah. And again, how I'm validating with the rebrand. I guess we have we updated our other SKUs yet? No. Or did we update the image of our other variety packs yet? I haven't seen the update. Not the A plus content of the like other one. Okay. Like the main images. Yes, but. Okay, the main images are not updated. Not updated. No. But are we sending the updated packages already? That's one question we should update them before we send the updated packages. Hubby did send those. Didn't that get all sent? Brittany update packages before Lindsey left. I thought she did all the main images but A plus content was not done. Yes, I haven't updated them on Amazon because we need to first we need to do that just before we ship the new packages. So are you doing that? I don't think so. For all the skus. Oh, I see. You're just waiting to see where we're at on shipping the new brand into Amazon. Yes, I believe we pretty much are there because everything we are there. Let me just confirm with Annaba because anything we've packed in Amazon over the last four weeks is likely new brand or a mix. Yeah, I think he, that's what I think he said last time was that it's a mix. Yeah. So show home, you can go ahead and update those images. Okay. All right. Yeah, all right, I'll do that. I'll take care of that. Okay. Because you still have the this or that. There's, there's still the this or that in that, right? Okay, yeah. Because some of the boxes will actually be a mix for a little bit of time. But we put a little card inside the box that says you're going to receive this or that because we have a new look. So we over communicated. Yeah, yeah. Okay, great. So in terms of just our next meeting because we can now meet in January with show home. So just next steps before that meeting. So we will receive the snack mix images, recommendations. So Lindsay can work on that first thing in January. But why don't we just meet next? Why don't we meet the first week of January on the Thursday then? I see we have one in already on the 8th, so I have to say something here. So for January, can we do this meeting either on Monday or Tuesday? Okay, yeah, good point. Because I was going to say if you're updating the dashboard on Sundays, we should meet on Mondays. No, I'm not updating them on Sundays. I'm updating them on Tuesdays. You're updating it on Tuesday reflecting the Sundays sales. Exactly. Yes. Yes. Because I need to keep two days gap data doesn't update. Okay, yeah, we can be flexible to change this. I don't have Annabelle's calendar. So you're saying meet on Wednesday or meet on Monday. What I mean is just for this first week because I'll not be available after Wednesday that week. That's why I'm suggesting that instead of doing the meeting in on Thursday, which is our Usual. Right. Which is good because that conflicts with our SMI meeting. Yeah. So you want to move it to Wednesday, Is that what you're saying? Sure. Yep. Yeah, we can move to Wednesday. Sorry, sorry for the confusion. We can move the recurring meeting to Wednesday. That's fine. And another thing is for just for this week, we are meeting on this week, right? The 5th of January, the Monday that week, isn't it? No, I was just saying Monday or Wednesday, can we. Are you not able to meet on the 7th? No, I will be out on the 7th. Okay. So I'm suggesting for just that week, if we can do that either on fifth or sixth, that'll be good. Okay. So Brittany, can you put a meeting in on January 6th for I guess 9am our time, which is 10am you show home, Is that fine? Yeah, yeah. And then after. And then starting. Starting on the 21st, I guess will go to the Wednesday. Sure. And on Wednesdays I can also do first thing in the morning if we want to do Wednesdays at. Although I think Annabel has a huddle at 9am can we do 10am or 9:30 sales and Japan planning? Why mind the sales and demand planning weekly? I might need to be in that. I have a 10:30 to noon. But yeah, put 10:00am for now. And you know what? Like, we could probably, ideally, like I mentioned in the new year, because we're launching a new item in January, let's keep it bi weekly. But then I think we could move to the monthly like, so we'll talk about that in January. So even these ones, just put it in for that 10am starting on the 21st, Brittany. And even if, like we have to keep it 30 minutes, I'm sure we can do that. Sounds good. Okay. Okay. So one more thing that I wanted to bring up because now that we are done with our rebranding, we should think about doing a storefront on Amazon. I mean, we have a storefront, but we need to do it properly. So that's something. Yeah. So you mean adding some content back. Adding some content back to the stages. Yes. So that could be that. And also reformatting it in a way that is more effective because we can also run ads to the storefront. So I want to make sure it's effective. It goes well with ads. Okay. And so how do you look at that project Show Home? Do you. Do you look at that the same as setting up a product page where you sort of give us a framework that you want to see for the storefront and then our graphic designer Makes these things. What's that process? So yeah, I think that'll be. I don't need to get too much involved with what exactly goes on the storefront. What I can do is I can give you some good examples and walk you through what works well and the reason occurrence. You can implement that. Okay, so we can bring that to one of our meeting. We can make that a Q1 project. Brittany. Yeah, that's my list. So yeah, in January you could put that on one of the agenda Show Home where you. Or even in January we'll focus on getting the snack mix and make sure all that's good. And then wherever it falls, just if you show us best practices and a few examples of store storefront, that's great. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Awesome. Okay. Yeah. So how was the year with working with me for Amazon? Oh, you want feedback? Yes. Yeah, it was good because I think, I guess you started with us in March. That's crazy. When really fast. So. And honestly, right out of the gate improvements from where we came from show home was better communication. So we had a direct line to you. And not even just Brittany having a direct line to you. Annabe had a direct line to you. So I would say that was. That was key, not even just for improving our knowledge of what's going on on Amazon, but moving through this project because this a big objective for Amazon this year was the rebrand, which was coupled with rationalizing our portfolio and making sure that we're like focused on which items that are actually selling on Amazon. So that's been really good operationally. I think that you've had the knowledge to help us move through some of the more difficult things, even that five liter again, the rebrand and all of that. So I would say it's been going well. Where we've communicated to you some of the struggles that we had. Right. Was like kind of like the dashboard or maybe not like, you know, even from the. What I would like to see Moving forward in 2026, I would like to see myself step out of. Step out of the cadence a little bit in terms of leading. I'd like to see you come to the meetings with a very firm agenda of I'm presenting what I'm spending, how I'm spending it and what it's doing for the business. I'd like to bring that to the forefront on the agenda again because I know it's been very operational heavy through 25. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So ideally in 2026, I'd like to be able to just kind of come to the like look at the dashboard, keeping it very up to date, make sure the information's accurate so that I can high level look at the health of the business. But when I come to these meetings, I would like you presenting on how you're spending the marketing dollars, what's working, what's not working and seeing some more. Seeing some more of that discussion in our meetings in 26. Got it. Okay. Yeah. I also feel the same is so far. It's like you are leading the meetings and then everything that you are doing in the meeting. I believe that's why you are expecting a change in 2026. And I hear you. Yeah. Yeah. And it might even be good. It's always helpful if we even just in our have a standing agenda right where it's like 15 minutes for Annabov making sure that everybody is clear on 15 minutes for operational troubleshooting. Anything that takes a longer than 15 minutes has to be taken out of the meeting for a different discussion. And then It's. It's hopefully 15 or 30 minutes for. For marketing and strategy and revenues like. Yeah, got it. Okay. Sounds good. Yeah. Yeah. Well thank you for the feedback and I do have a request. Yeah. I have recently registered the Google the business on Google for my business. So if you could leave a review with all of. Yeah, that would be great. You can just search CPG Edge and it will. There's my merry Christmas gift. You can take a look at that. Okay. Yeah. All right. Thank you so much. So that's. I believe that's all for this and actually also so show home through next year to absolute clarity for our designer. So there seems to be a change now where now everything. Everything we designed. There's a desktop and a mobile. Right. Just for the A plus content. Just for which A plus content. A plus. Yeah. Just for a. Okay. So not the same for the product pages. It's just everything we do in A plus content. And be very clear on that for the storefront too if we have to. Storefront too. Yes, we'll have. We'll need both versions for storefront too. Okay. Because yeah, we definitely want to make sure that's very clear because what happens with Lindsay like when she did all the desktop stuff it was like rework to go back and do it versus feeding it in of like here's all the different things so that when she's in it she's just doing it. So yeah if we just make sure next year any requests that we have for design we are very, very. And don't just expect her to know every time we make a new request. Let's just make sure that all the things are in there. Yeah. Because she only works part time for us so it's not like she. And she's not on any of these calls so it's always, it's like re briefing the designer every time we send her something. Okay, yeah, yeah, we'll take care of that. Awesome. Cool. Well, I guess. Merry Christmas. Happy New Year. Happy holidays. Yeah, Merry Christmas. Yeah. And by the way, in January and February I'll be working from India. I'll be more productive there. Yeah. So you are going back home. That's great. Okay. Yeah, that's right. Okay. So thank you so much. I'll see you next year then. You will? Yes. Happy holidays. Happy holidays. Thank you all. Thanks. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Of the treatments.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. Okay. So, yeah, I can go through it and see if I, you know, find something useful that I can use for Amazon too.

Speaker A: Yeah. For when you see it go live. If there's like a graphic on there that you think is really strong, we can just.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: What Lindsay will probably do is she will probably follow the website page for the A content. That's probably what she'll do. Yeah.

Speaker C: I'll send you. Yeah. All the individual pages because we have. Obviously these two are all set up. We added these icons that look great and then a bowl image for each flavor. So I'll send you that as well. And then again, if you do think that there needs to be a different treatment to the main images here from like, just anything different than what we've done before, let me know.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: I love this. Like, it looks so.

Speaker A: Actually, Brittany, that will be the direction we give Lindsay for A plus content. Just do the page. Do the collections page. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: And then just. I still think we should end with. Just because most people haven't, like, don't know us on Amazon. And then how we have you and

Speaker A: Natasha at the bottom there.

Speaker C: I think we should keep that in. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah,

Speaker A: yeah. Like at the sign off, like the field. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: And then obviously updating to the new grown and made. Okay, I'll send that over. Sorry. Show him you can share again.

Speaker B: Okay. All right. So, yeah, we were reviewing the second one. Now we have to start from the third one. Roasted, never fried. Oh, you're reviewing that one too? We corrected the sun. We removed sunflower oil.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'll rewrite. I'll put that copy. I can. I can correct it to read properly. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And I'll send it back to you. I'll probably just send it back to you in an email or on Word Doc. It's just easier for me.

Speaker B: Cool. Okay. And I have added those, you know, the context of use so that it sounds like it can be a replacement for the traditional snacks in the fourth one and the fifth one. So you will see a lot of different contexts of use. And also in this one, I have also mentioned some of those family countries and all of these things.

Speaker A: Perfect. Yes. So I won't. I won't ditch any words that you're using. I understand that we want these words in there. I'll just make sure that how it reads is just factual.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah,

Speaker B: That's it. And along with this, what I'll do is I'll also add Some ideas for the listing images, particularly the second and the third or maybe the. Even the fourth one. So, you know, those are the most important ones. So if I have some ideas, I'll share them in the same notion document.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Actually, Brittany. Sorry. So, you know, actually, what do you think of that image show home? Would we be able to do it so right now on our website, when we do, do you want to reshare that page? Brittany, when we have a product image, we have the huge icons stacked right next to the image. Because how do we do it right now on our Amazon page, I'm just thinking how you think. So if you go to one of these, you see how the image. And then the huge icons, like basically in the image, like, say if that was in the image.

Speaker B: We cannot have those icons on the main image.

Speaker C: No, not on the first one.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: But we could on the secondary one

Speaker B: and the main image. Basically the packaging has those icons and they're very visible. Made in Canada, 12 gram fiber, 15 gram protein.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. So again, yeah, totally up to you. But like, it's. They're even more visible when they're like that.

Speaker B: Amazon will not accept that. No, yeah, we can have that in the second one. Okay, okay.

Speaker A: Okay. And then did you want to look at the SEO a little bit too?

Speaker B: Sure, yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah, just share that.

Speaker B: So it's a combination. I have kept all of the SEO keywords. Of course, we haven't used all of these things in the copy because we don't want to stuff it with the. All the keywords, but we have taken the relevant words from this list and used as many as you can without overstuffing them in the title and the bullet points and kept the rest of them in the backend. Okay. Okay. And you can check all of them here, by the way. I have kept all of these keywords, but we cannot use the brand names anywhere, even in the back end. So you will not see me using them here.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay, sorry about that.

Speaker A: And then what we'll have to do. So Snack Mix will have to set up in your dashboard when we go to launch, too. And there will be. We'll have to do some forecasting there, Brittany, because I was thinking on your forecast here, there's not a lot of growth, like year over year for. I'm trying to go to the totals, just the total portfolio revenue. Where's the totals here? I'd have the 2025 year to date, Dewey. I can go back to it, but right now, just total Amazon ca. Right now. Your forecast is ringing into.

Speaker B: Where am I here?

Speaker A: 595 90. What was our year to date in our SMI meeting yesterday? Oh no, that might be. That has Costco in at the year to date. I'm just trying to find my sales report because what are we year to date right now?

Speaker B: Year to date right now on Amazon Canada is 517,570.

Speaker A: Okay. So basically, and I don't mind like realistic like forecast, but so right now this does kind of match what we put in our forecast just being very conservative that it's flat. Basically.

Speaker B: It is, yes.

Speaker A: But it includes no snack mixes right now.

Speaker B: No snack mixes. Yes. What do you think it will. How do you expect it to do? Do you think it will surpass the existing a snack to goals or what is that?

Speaker A: I don't necessarily know if it's going to perform as quickly as the snacks to go. It definitely is going to track fast past our variety packs. I think the hope is that it could get up to 500 units a month really fast. Right. Like, but we'll have to see. We'll have to gauge really closely. Like I was thinking, I'm almost trying to think how many should we send in to start?

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Okay, 100.

Speaker B: No, I think we should definitely send more than that. Maybe you know, 200. 250 something in that range because we'll distribute, give her 30 units anyway. And I am expecting this product to do well, so yeah, I'm expecting it

Speaker A: to do well too. Okay. So yeah, maybe I'll make sure that production I'll reconfirm. I didn't ask Annabelle yesterday in our meeting, Brittany, what he was planning on producing for snack Mix. But I'll just send them a note and saying, you know, like we recommend like 200 minimum starts. You can always send one right away. Once we know, we'll know on Amazon within the first two weeks if it's gonna clip along. Right.

Speaker B: Like that's too quick. But it will take a bit more time.

Speaker A: But I mean like if orders are moved like once it's actually in, if it starts to like we can watch E Commerce in real time to know if we need to send something quicker. So. And we'll also know a little bit more like we're launching on Shopify on January 1st. So it'll be interesting to see what the uptick from that is.

Speaker B: Sure. Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: So 200.

Speaker B: You know, the reason I did a pessimistic forecast and I think for the old snack to go it can be even more pessimistic actually. Then what.

Speaker A: Yeah, I noticed what you did was you basically just split the volume right between the two.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: And again, I think that's even what we did, Britney, when we did like it's very. That's kind of all we can do right now. So basically where we're at. So show home we're not. So we're having the finance team do further cost analysis in the US before we make that decision to just pull. So we'll keep it business as usual for now for the US and we'll know more probably like end of January. But in terms of the snacks to go, I kind of want to see how these snack mixes start catching before we make any. Before we make any significant changes on the 30 times 15 grammar.

Speaker B: I have two things that I want to bring up regarding the U.S. first of all, I believe it has been very unprofitable for the last four months. Let me share my screen and share my dashboard. So the reason it has been unprofitable is because we are trying to figure out if we can scale. So if you look at this low 75, this is the percentage of the revenue that you have spent on ads. And it started in July when it started thinking if we can do something. Then we tried for three months, that didn't work and in October we slowed down. Then I came up with another idea that we need to test that is, you know, long tail keywords, healthy related healthy, something along a healthy snack keywords. But long tail, more descriptive. That also didn't work really well. I mean that didn't go well and we now have slowed down. So two things. One is what if we keep the spend minimal to let's say 15%, 10 to 15% range. We don't try to scale. And second thing is we review the SKU unit unit economics for different SKUs. If we think something is unprofitable, let's kill those SKUs but keep the profitable ones.

Speaker A: Yeah. So that's what I asked. Because they didn't necessarily go per asin. That's the further analysis that they're going to do. It was business overall. So two things. The ad dollars are not in that number. The ad dollars are over and above the loss that we're looking at. Right. So depending on whether you spend 10 or you spend 20, that's plus the minus 8 that we're at right now. So we would have to, in order to take care of that, we'd have to do like a 25% price increase.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Which is not like something so. So that. That's separate. That's a separate bucket. What we're spending on ads, it's not quite in where we're really getting killed. Show home is the freight. The freight to the US Is insane. And there's really no way. There's really no way to save in the freight. Unless, sure, maybe when you're doing volume, but it's. We're like shipping these pallets across. Like unless there's some different way where Amazon buys from us instead. Like, I just. But even that won't help. Like it's. The freight into the US is crazy.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Because they're like small amounts and smaller shipments. It's not like truckloads.

Speaker B: It's like true. I get that. Yeah,

Speaker A: yeah. So, yeah, let the financing just do some further analysis, but business as usual for now until I get more information there. But what we're used. Were you suggesting reducing ad cost with the intention to try to get more in Canada, Take five from there and add it to Canada?

Speaker B: Yeah. Well, in fact, we are spending a lot more than 20. Right. When you're trying to experiment with the ads, it didn't work. None of those ideas worked. So, yeah, I think definitely just limited to something between 10 to 15% and then see if we can grow more in Canada. But Alicia, I have some concerns here. So if you remember, I showed you how the lifetime value looks like and I understand there are logics behind that, that we are acquiring customers from Amazon and then they are probably buying somewhere else. That's good for the brand overall. But it also makes it a little bit more challenging for us to grow on Amazon as a channel because if they don't come back to us, that's why CPG brands grow. Right. You have to retain them. So if that doesn't happen, then we are more relying on acquiring new customers compared to retaining the customers. That's a big challenge that we have. And hopefully the new protein snack mix will resolve some of those problems. Hopefully.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And so because that's the point again, that's when you think of the overall business strategy of E Commerce to date. The two objectives that E Commerce has in the three farmers business is drive trial. Right. And, and drive trial and awareness because it's the first place and, and test innovation, basically. Right. Because it's the first place we can list something. It's the easiest place somebody can find us. But overall, the business is a grocery brand. Right. So we will eventually the snack mixes will also be everywhere and they will also be in Costco, like eventually. Right. But there's like a 18 month Runway there for E Commerce. So. Yeah, it is. I do get that E Commerce also almost needs to have its own product portfolio in order for it to be like a retention. Like. Yeah, no, I hear what you're saying, but yeah, it's kind of what, what E Commerce has been for the business today is it's a place for people to get our products that can't get it anywhere else. And it's the first place we can test innovation and get real feedback like asap. It hasn't necessarily been like, we're an E Commerce brand and we're gonna drive to 10 million D to T to C. Right. Where like you think of like Bloom Super Belly for instance, she's like, she, I think is. She's probably a 20 million dollar brand. And 60% of that, if not 70% of that is E Commerce.

Speaker B: Wow.

Speaker A: Yeah. Because people buy hydration online. Like they buy supplements online. Like. Right. I feel like snacks and food is harder. Like I don't buy any food online. I buy coffee online though. Yeah, like. Right.

Speaker C: And I own harder space.

Speaker A: I don't know.

Speaker C: Like it is a harder. Well, and again I've been many times. But it is harder when you see it at Costco for 13.99 and then you go to rebuy it once it's out and it's 29.99 on Amazon. Like that is if I'm, you know, price checking.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: So sometimes I think it's a miracle they do sell so well.

Speaker A: Like, yeah, they do sell well. One, because Costco, it's not a permanent item. It's not an everyday item.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker A: Comes twice a year.

Speaker C: But once I'm used to something at a certain price. That's why the high field of whatever pork right now, you know, you're like, oh, this used to be cheaper beef.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: So do you have any other comments about the forecast that I have created? Do you think I need to make some amendments there?

Speaker A: No, I thought the forecast, it was very realistic. It was, it's just more the, the question. It's very realistic. It's positioned exactly how we thought. Because it's like, okay, let's just. We're not necessarily investing more dollars. But if we did decide, which I am thinking about this like, I actually do like the idea show because January, February, March are huge months for three farmers. Like that's. We did our best in 2025. We'll do our best now. We're launching a new item I do actually think show home. Go ahead, pull down in the U.S. and come up to 20% in Canada for your spend so that you optimize. We can do what we can do in January and then we launch a new item. And at least you'll have more for that launch, right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So why don't you just do that or pull down. Well, what are we spending in the U.S. right now? 20. So. But 20% of 16 grand.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. The 30% is a target. Right now we're at 16.

Speaker A: Yeah. So add 5% to Canada. You can go to 20 for Canada. Let's do that. Moving into Q1. And pull down, pull down in the U.S. to 10%. 10 to 15%. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: 10% actually pull down to 10% in the U.S. yeah. Don't spend a lot there.

Speaker B: No, sure.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And you know, although I don't have a clear suggestions right now, there are some things that I'm trying to think about. For example, in Canada, the old snack to go, it keeps on declining even now. It keeps on declining even further. So there'll be a point we'll. We are probably heading towards, you know, probably selling just 300, 350 units per month. So.

Speaker A: Yeah. So. And what's the rate in which our 18 by 28 is growing?

Speaker B: Well, okay, I didn't see the rate, but it's definitely growing. That's something I noticed.

Speaker A: Go back to 2025 here because you went 300 to 600. What month are we in? We're like at 600.

Speaker B: December probably will not, by the way. So about the dashboard, I think we need to have some clarity. Every time I update, it's up to the cut. Update is Sunday. So this one has data until 14th of December.

Speaker A: Okay. And how often do you update it? How many Sundays do you update?

Speaker B: Every Sunday I update on Tuesday. I update on Tuesday, but then I update the data until the Sunday before that gap there. Yeah. So we are probably going to. We're trending to do about 471 units even for the 18 counts.

Speaker A: New in December.

Speaker B: In December, yep.

Speaker A: But the two months, two or three months before that, we were almost six, 5,700 units.

Speaker B: Seven hundred, yes.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: December has been very slow, which is in a way expected.

Speaker A: So, so, because there's two things in here. So it's, it's so what I'm in my head when I'm looking at this is so like we said, like there's cannibalization. I'm just trying to make sure that, that we're absolutely Seeing cannibalization. And it's not like this crazy thing like, oh, we just the rebrand up. And now both are declining. One is growing, one is declining. So that is absolutely what's happening. It's just cannibalizing because it has better flavors, maybe a bigger pack like whatever it is. So as long as. So that's why I'm just saying. So that's why when I went to my sales meeting, I said two things. The forecast right now is very realistic, even with the cannibalization, even with that item cannibalizing, because we're seeing equal growth of that new variety pack. So we don't see risk there. It's just more like where's the volume going to come from? Which one is it going to come from?

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: However, where we will see growth which is not built in, which is going to be bonus to us is there is no snack mix volume built into this right now for 2026. So if we can get some. So if that is successful, that should be easy. Easy. What like 10 grand a month? Like right. So if not more so that's easy growth. And then the other thing I said is if we throw more dollars at the right time, it throw. Throw another 5 to 10% in 2026, that should help some growth in the. In the last part of the year. And if we do something and pivot and try something different with another variety pack. So. So yeah, so this is good, realistic. And the rest of it is. Is bonus for us. But we do have to monitor it really closely to make sure that once we get momentum, we're planning for it.

Speaker B: Right. And we'll. Right now there are two things. One is two questions we have. What is causing the decline? One is whether the trend, the demand right now or I don't want to say this, but the rebrand, you know, changing everything. So we'll really know the answer in January, January, February, March, because then it's in demand. And the only factor that remains is the rebranding and also how we are advertising. So we'll have some more clarity in Q1.

Speaker A: Yeah. And again, how I'm validating with the rebrand. I guess we have we updated our other SKUs yet?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: Or did we update the image of our other variety packs yet?

Speaker B: I haven't seen the update.

Speaker C: Not the A plus content of the like other one.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Like the main images. Yes, but.

Speaker A: Okay, the main images are not updated.

Speaker B: Not updated. No. But are we sending the updated packages already? That's one question we should update them before we send the updated packages.

Speaker A: Hubby did send those. Didn't that get all sent? Brittany update packages before Lindsey left. I thought she did all the main images but A plus content was not done.

Speaker B: Yes, I haven't updated them on Amazon because we need to first we need to do that just before we ship the new packages. So are you doing that? I don't think so. For all the skus.

Speaker A: Oh, I see. You're just waiting to see where we're at on shipping the new brand into Amazon. Yes, I believe we pretty much are there because everything we are there. Let me just confirm with Annaba because anything we've packed in Amazon over the last four weeks is likely new brand or a mix.

Speaker C: Yeah, I think he, that's what I think he said last time was that it's a mix.

Speaker A: Yeah. So show home, you can go ahead and update those images.

Speaker B: Okay. All right.

Speaker A: Yeah,

Speaker B: all right, I'll do that. I'll take care of that. Okay.

Speaker A: Because you still have the this or that. There's, there's still the this or that in that, right? Okay, yeah. Because some of the boxes will actually be a mix for a little bit of time. But we put a little card inside the box that says you're going to receive this or that because we have a new look. So we over communicated. Yeah, yeah. Okay, great. So in terms of just our next meeting because we can now meet in January with show home. So just next steps before that meeting. So we will receive the snack mix images, recommendations. So Lindsay can work on that first thing in January. But why don't we just meet next? Why don't we meet the first week of January on the Thursday then? I see we have one in already

Speaker B: on the 8th, so I have to say something here. So for January, can we do this meeting either on Monday or Tuesday?

Speaker A: Okay, yeah, good point. Because I was going to say if you're updating the dashboard on Sundays, we should meet on Mondays.

Speaker B: No, I'm not updating them on Sundays. I'm updating them on Tuesdays.

Speaker A: You're updating it on Tuesday reflecting the Sundays sales.

Speaker B: Exactly. Yes. Yes. Because I need to keep two days gap data doesn't update.

Speaker A: Okay, yeah, we can be flexible to change this. I don't have Annabelle's calendar. So you're saying meet on Wednesday or meet on Monday.

Speaker B: What I mean is just for this first week because I'll not be available after Wednesday that week. That's why I'm suggesting that instead of doing the meeting in on Thursday, which is our Usual. Right.

Speaker C: Which is good because that conflicts with our SMI meeting.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you want to move it to Wednesday, Is that what you're saying?

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Yep. Yeah, we can move to Wednesday.

Speaker B: Sorry, sorry for the confusion. We can move the recurring meeting to Wednesday. That's fine. And another thing is for just for this week, we are meeting on this week, right? The 5th of January, the Monday that week, isn't it?

Speaker A: No, I was just saying Monday or Wednesday, can we. Are you not able to meet on the 7th?

Speaker B: No, I will be out on the 7th.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So I'm suggesting for just that week, if we can do that either on fifth or sixth, that'll be good. Okay.

Speaker A: So Brittany, can you put a meeting in on January 6th for I guess 9am our time, which is 10am you show home, Is that fine?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: And then after. And then starting. Starting on the 21st, I guess will go to the Wednesday.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: And on Wednesdays I can also do first thing in the morning if we want to do Wednesdays at. Although I think Annabel has a huddle at 9am can we do 10am

Speaker C: or

Speaker A: 9:30 sales and Japan planning? Why mind the sales and demand planning weekly? I might need to be in that. I have a 10:30 to noon. But yeah, put 10:00am for now. And you know what? Like, we could probably, ideally, like I mentioned in the new year, because we're launching a new item in January, let's keep it bi weekly. But then I think we could move to the monthly like, so we'll talk about that in January. So even these ones, just put it in for that 10am starting on the 21st, Brittany. And even if, like we have to keep it 30 minutes, I'm sure we can do that.

Speaker C: Sounds good.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. So one more thing that I wanted to bring up because now that we are done with our rebranding, we should think about doing a storefront on Amazon. I mean, we have a storefront, but we need to do it properly. So that's something.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you mean adding some content back. Adding some content back to the stages. Yes. So that could be that.

Speaker B: And also reformatting it in a way that is more effective because we can also run ads to the storefront. So I want to make sure it's effective. It goes well with ads.

Speaker A: Okay. And so how do you look at that project Show Home? Do you. Do you look at that the same as setting up a product page where you sort of give us a framework that you want to see for the storefront and then our graphic designer Makes these things. What's that process?

Speaker B: So yeah, I think that'll be. I don't need to get too much involved with what exactly goes on the storefront. What I can do is I can give you some good examples and walk you through what works well and the reason occurrence. You can implement that.

Speaker A: Okay, so we can bring that to one of our meeting. We can make that a Q1 project. Brittany.

Speaker C: Yeah, that's my list.

Speaker A: So yeah, in January you could put that on one of the agenda Show Home where you. Or even in January we'll focus on getting the snack mix and make sure all that's good. And then wherever it falls, just if you show us best practices and a few examples of store storefront, that's great. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Awesome. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. So how was the year with working with me for Amazon?

Speaker A: Oh, you want feedback?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah, it was good because I think, I guess you started with us in March. That's crazy. When really fast. So. And honestly, right out of the gate improvements from where we came from show home was better communication. So we had a direct line to you. And not even just Brittany having a direct line to you. Annabe had a direct line to you. So I would say that was. That was key, not even just for improving our knowledge of what's going on on Amazon, but moving through this project because this a big objective for Amazon this year was the rebrand, which was coupled with rationalizing our portfolio and making sure that we're like focused on which items that are actually selling on Amazon. So that's been really good operationally. I think that you've had the knowledge to help us move through some of the more difficult things, even that five liter again, the rebrand and all of that. So I would say it's been going well. Where we've communicated to you some of the struggles that we had. Right. Was like kind of like the dashboard or maybe not like, you know, even from the. What I would like to see Moving forward in 2026, I would like to see myself step out of. Step out of the cadence a little bit in terms of leading. I'd like to see you come to the meetings with a very firm agenda of I'm presenting what I'm spending, how I'm spending it and what it's doing for the business. I'd like to bring that to the forefront on the agenda again because I know it's been very operational heavy through 25.

Speaker B: Right?

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So ideally in 2026, I'd like to be able to just kind of come to the like look at the dashboard, keeping it very up to date, make sure the information's accurate so that I can high level look at the health of the business. But when I come to these meetings, I would like you presenting on how you're spending the marketing dollars, what's working, what's not working and seeing some more. Seeing some more of that discussion in our meetings in 26.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. Yeah. I also feel the same is so far. It's like you are leading the meetings and then everything that you are doing in the meeting. I believe that's why you are expecting a change in 2026. And I hear you.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. And it might even be good. It's always helpful if we even just in our have a standing agenda right where it's like 15 minutes for Annabov making sure that everybody is clear on 15 minutes for operational troubleshooting. Anything that takes a longer than 15 minutes has to be taken out of the meeting for a different discussion. And then It's. It's hopefully 15 or 30 minutes for. For marketing and strategy and revenues like.

Speaker B: Yeah, got it. Okay. Sounds good.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: Well thank you for the feedback and I do have a request.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: I have recently registered the Google the business on Google for my business. So if you could leave a review with all of. Yeah, that would be great. You can just search CPG Edge and it will.

Speaker A: There's my merry Christmas gift. You can take a look at that. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. All right. Thank you so much. So that's. I believe that's all for this and

Speaker A: actually also so show home through next year to absolute clarity for our designer. So there seems to be a change now where now everything. Everything we designed. There's a desktop and a mobile. Right.

Speaker B: Just for the A plus content.

Speaker A: Just for which A plus content.

Speaker C: A plus.

Speaker A: Yeah. Just for a. Okay. So not the same for the product pages. It's just everything we do in A plus content. And be very clear on that for the storefront too if we have to.

Speaker B: Storefront too. Yes, we'll have. We'll need both versions for storefront too.

Speaker A: Okay. Because yeah, we definitely want to make sure that's very clear because what happens with Lindsay like when she did all the desktop stuff it was like rework to go back and do it versus feeding it in of like here's all the different things so that when she's in it she's just doing it. So yeah if we just make sure next year any requests that we have for design we are very, very. And don't just expect her to know every time we make a new request. Let's just make sure that all the things are in there. Yeah. Because she only works part time for us so it's not like she. And she's not on any of these calls so it's always, it's like re briefing the designer every time we send her something.

Speaker B: Okay, yeah, yeah, we'll take care of that.

Speaker A: Awesome. Cool. Well, I guess. Merry Christmas. Happy New Year. Happy holidays.

Speaker B: Yeah, Merry Christmas. Yeah. And by the way, in January and February I'll be working from India. I'll be more productive there.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you are going back home. That's great. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's right. Okay. So thank you so much. I'll see you next year then.

Speaker A: You will? Yes.

Speaker C: Happy holidays.

Speaker B: Happy holidays.

Speaker C: Thank you all.

Speaker B: Thanks. Bye.

