Transcript for: Recording__965.mp4
Title: Recording #965
============================================================

Hello. Hey. How are you today? Well, I'm drinking some joy burst and feeling joyful. What about you? I don't have a cat behind me anymore, so I guess horribly. What happened? It looks like a different room. Yeah, it's the living room now. I moved all the way down the hall from the room to the living room. So it's okay. I think I'll survive the transition. Yeah. So I'm pretty decent. Nothing big since last time. Anything fun with you? Yeah, well, it's going very well. I don't know. I mean, everything's okay. Going very well. Nice. All right, well, hopefully we can keep that energy. We can stay nice and happy as we look over some th things. So before we get back into th, just give me a review. What's happening with this sound? Well, it's like it's a fricative sound, the non voiced one. It's like you have to be able to draw that sound for probably years. And. Yeah, so that's ricative. And the way it works is the tongue. There are different ways. You can. Either the tip of the tongue can be either between the two darker and the lower teeth, or it could be just behind the upper teeth but still let the air pass. Yeah. So that's. Those are the two ways I remember. I don't remember if there was another way of doing it. Those are the main two. Those are the two positions. And remember, it really depends on the speaker. I have it usually a little bit behind. I think it's a little faster. I think it's a little easier. Some people think it's a little more precise if you have it between your teeth. So it's totally up to you. Play around, see which one you prefer. Yes, I prefer the second one. Yes. Yes. All right. Traitor. I want to do just a quick warm up. I actually want to peek at something secretly as you read. Go ahead and open that link. Oh, you sent me something. It's still showing us. You're typing. I'll do it one day. Yeah, seriously. I didn't get it yet. Did it not? No. Why? Why would you do this? Let me. Is it. Yeah, I see it now. Okay. Okay. So what? Do I have to read that? Read that. Well, let's go ahead and peek over it. Yeah, go ahead. Go down. There's going to be a nice juicy list here. So do you see where it's starting to list all the tongue twisters? Yes. All right, so we're going to start here, take a second and go through these. There's no particular ones that Are my favorite. So I want you to go ahead and just peek through and find a couple for yourself. Okay. I know you're gonna go for 27. That one looks right up your alley. 27. Okay. So now that you have me. Oh, my God. No, that's a big one. I'll just start with the first one. Okay. Taking the easy way out of the number game, huh? Yeah. All right. Well, it doesn't look easy. Okay. Number wise. Yes. Well, is there the th in there? Is it also fricative? No, it's not a fricative. It is. It is. There. See the. The trouble you're facing right now, and this is actually what I was going to secretly not secretly listen for is in a word, like there. It's a voiced fricative. So the one we went over so far was voiceless, which. What does that mean? Voiceless is just. I'm not using the vocal core. Exactly. So generally the voiceless fricatives can be a little easier. So for example, S can be a little easier than Z for some people. Same with th. So I just want you to try to read and just read it as you would at this point. I don't want you to overthink it or try to fix it or anything. I just want to see your progress so far. So just read as if you were reading. Okay. There. Those thousand thinkers thinking, how did the other three. Seriously, did it ever make sense? Other three thieves go through. I don't think tongue twisters are meant to make sense. Huh? Tongue twisters aren't meant to make sense. To be. Okay. Okay. All right. Go ahead and pick another one. We're gonna do it. I was just thinking that you'd ask me to pronounce think said thing. Thank you. I learned to do those. And now you're making some tongue twister. We're gonna do that. Go ahead and pick a different tongue twister. Okay. Okay. If you want the second one, I think the easy way, the eighth one. Okay, There we're. I was about to be impressed, but there we go. All right, read the eighth one. At least it's not the 13th one. This is zeitzar. This is zither. Zither, okay. Yeah, this. This is a zither. Okay. Don't ask me what that is, cuz I don't know. But read number eight. Sounds like something from the Star Trek. Star Trek movie. 8th one. 36 thick silk threads. Okay. 36 thick silk thread. Yes. So pick one more, and then we're gonna play with the next one. You pick. So pick Carefully. Okay. It's now the 25th. Okay. Oh, Christmas. Claire. No, 25th is the three balls. No, Christmas is the 25th. What? Of December. Okay. All right, for this one, I want you to read and just draw out the th sounds. The two that we have here. Okay. He threw three. Three balls. So you thought it would be easy, but thr is a very difficult combination. So he threw three balls. Okay, try it again. Threw. He threw. So really draw it out. I want to hear pure th for a minute. So threw. He threw three balls. All right, go ahead and pick another one. We're gonna do the same thing. Okay, 32. All right, let me see. Do seek. Tinker, Think. Read that one one more time. Do think. Tinkers. Think. Nice. For this one, I want you to actually draw every fricative. Uc. Do. Thick thinker. Think. Think. So there's more. There's more fricatives than just th. Here. What's the other fricative? Tinkers. Tinkers. Where? Where in the words. The s. Yes. Actually, that S is pronounced as a Z. So do thick. Tinkers think? Do. Think. Tinkers. Think. Think. I can't answer that question. I don't know what a thick ticker is. So tinker whatever's going on there. All right, so I'll go ahead and show you some mercy as far as the rest of today, but I want you to go ahead and keep these tongue twisters, okay? Keep them close to your heart. I want you to kind of use them as minute practices. So we talked about minute practices, where you just take something and. And you do it for, like a minute, two minutes every day. Tongue twisters are actually a pretty good one. Okay? So I want you to take a few. Maybe memorize them if you can. If you want to memorize 13, go ahead and memorize 13. If you want to memorize 27, I would be very impressed, because I don't even think I can do that. Well, you are very encouraging. You like to encourage students to do difficult things. I see that. Yes, yes. You should do very difficult things. Make your life difficult. If your life is easy, what's the point? That's why I like cats, because they just keep things insane. So pick something that you think you know. Pick something easy at first, maybe like number 32 or 31 or something. Pick something easy for the first few days. Then try to memorize something a little bit more challenging. So start to work your way up and play with it. So what I want you to do is maybe say it 1, 2, 3 times. Normally, do thick tinkers Think. Try to say it a little faster, maybe try to say it a little slower, maybe Try to stretch out every single fricative you have. Do thick tinkers. Yes. I'd really pay attention to how your tongue moves not just with the sound, not just with thin, but between th. For example, the reason thr is so difficult is because where is your tongue when you make the th sound? The tongue is between or not between. In my case, it's like it's just behind the tip, is just behind the top. I mean, the top of the teeth. How do you define like? How do you say that? Like it's just behind the front teeth. Yeah, Front teeth. Yeah. Which I think is sad, to be honest. We have, like, canines, molars, and then front teeth. Like, no fancy name there. I think it's a little sad. I was thinking about that the other day. But anyway, it's right behind or right between the front teeth. I want you to play with that position a little bit, though. And actually, come to think of it, what I think might be helpful is doing a little bit of a mirror practice. Okay. Do you remember talking about mere practices? Yes. What are they? I mean, just stand in for the. Is it really, literally mirror practices? Yes. And the reason I think this would be helpful is because you can actually see yourself pronouncing words like certain sounds, like w, w, w. You can see the lips are going forward, they're going back. They're doing whatever they want to do. You can see a sound like V. You can see how the lips go forward very. Whatever it is. V, W, T, H is one of those sounds. So actually, I don't know if you have access to, like, a camera or a mirror right now. Yeah, I'm looking at myself. I mean, looking at you and also myself. Smaller portion of it. All right, so ignore that I'm here. Okay. Look at yourself and maybe do one of the tongue twisters or say some of the th words. One second. Okay. I'm just trying to change the view, basically. Show me in the call screen. Okay. What do we have to do? Sorry. I want you to just look at yourself, look at the man in the mirror and say some th sounds. Well, think. Thank you. Thought bath. Can you bathroom th. Yes, I can. So you could physically see what's happening there? I mean. Yeah, a little bit of it. That tongue. Tip of the tongue. And what's happening with your lips? Think. I don't know what's happening. Well, say a few more sounds, watch your lips, and then. Thank you. Thank you. Think so. It's like, widening a little bit. Yeah. Yeah, it is. So remind me, when you record the classes, do you record the visual as well? Not myself. I mean, I can see you when I'm not looking at the screen. I can see you when I'm looking at the screen. It's just a screen. For some reason, it doesn't record your video, but not myself. Darn. Well, you had some pretty good shots earlier with you reading. What I want you to do for the mirror practices is I want you to read maybe just some th words. Just some regular. Just some regular from the practice sheet. Words. Yes. And then read either sentences or tongue twisters if you want to be really fancy. So I'll just put. Read more for that. You'll know what that means. So read th words, read practice sentences or tongue twisters, whatever works. And watch. And this is without recording. Okay. And then do the same thing with recording. I want you to read some th while you're recording. Like, while you're recording, but while you're not looking at yourself. So that. That would be better without looking at yourself. I meant to say, what's the reason behind this? Is it like, I need to improve something or. Yes, you do need to prove something yourself. What is that? Okay, when people make a sound, usually they're not doing what they think they're doing. For example, with W, what happens with the lips in W? I don't know how to. Wah. Wah. All right, that's it. We're on the top. Actually, we're gonna do an experiment just to kind of show what I'm getting at here. If you want to go ahead and record your visual, just. Yes. Your visual for yourself. Don't look at yourself, but record it. Okay. So don't look and record. I'll look at you, which is on the right. Look. And I'm on the left. Whatever you want to do. Okay, but I want you to record your visual here for a second. Sure. What do you want me to say? I want you to make some W words so some W sounds. Maybe words that start with W. Go like wa. Water, wave. Wisdom, whatever it is. Wisdom. Okay. Well, without wheat. Wolverine, Olf. What else can I say? Will owl count? Owl. Owl, Owl, Owl. I will kind of. Well, more words that start with W just for the sake of this practice. Why? What? Whatever. Where? Oh, so now you're just being a philosopher. Okay, go ahead and pause the recording. It's being recorded so well, the visual recording. Yes. I just asked. You said you don't usually get your own Visual recording. Well, now I changed the view, so now I can see myself and also you. Okay, so that in mind, with the W, where would you guess your lips were going? Like how far out when you make the W sound? Okay, so it's also spreads. I think that. I don't know, it widens a little bit, too, and opens. I open the lips. So we're not focusing on part two. We're focusing on part one. It goes forward and then it goes back. Water. Okay. Where do you think part one is for you? What? How can I describe that? Like what? Yes, it's moving a little bit forward. Yeah. Yes. So how far forward do you think when you make the W sound, your lips would go as far as mine? Like this? What? No. Water. I don't think so. So what percent? Like 1%, 10%, 100% compared to mine? Oh, it's probably what I say, like 60% in that range. Okay, can you go back and look at how you're saying the words, like, right now, or do you have to do that after class? After class. Okay, then that's part of your homework. Watch the W part of class. I want you to watch the W part of class. And the reason for this is you're going to see that your lips didn't really go that far forward. Not even 50%. No. But a lot of people feel more dramatic than they really are. They feel like they're maybe moving more than they are. And this goes for. For everything. A lot of when people are acting, they're like, oh, I feel like I was really dramatic. And then I watched myself in the video and I was really flat. So this is. This is with everything. Humans kind of overestimate if they're doing something different. They overestimate how much they change that in mind. I'm just saying this because I'm going to do a recording of myself reading a th. Actually, I can go ahead and do it right now if you want. Yes. Yeah, that would be great. All right, so let me hunt something down here. I understand what you're trying to say, because, I mean, I may feel like I can dance like a pro, but I may not. Right. Maybe after, when something's happening. And then I'm also. I had a few shots maybe. I may think, like, ah, I can dance, but then, Yeah, I mean, I just don't. Don't do any shots and then do English class. This is not a shot, by the way. No, this is. This is just a hydration drink. You know, showing me the COVID doesn't really help. You can put anything you want in there. Okay. I've been to high schools, so. Back on my recording. Correct. So you'll be able to see it. All right. I'm just going to read for the practice sheet, like the first five. You can go ahead and see how my lips move, and then we'll go back to how this affects you at the mirror practice. So, thin layer. She spread a thin layer of butter over the bread. Thick line. The marker draws a very thick line. Thorn. I had to stop to pull a thorn from my shoe. Thawed chicken. Can you take the chicken out of the freezer to thaw it? 10,000. I paid $10,000 for my car. So just watching that visual, I want you to kind of describe how you saw, like, the movement while I was reading. Well, something that I observed was when you were pronouncing thorn. The lips are. Can I say it was moving. It moved much more forward compared to the other verbs there. It was more like opening, closing. Opening, closing. Yeah. Well, it has to, like, change for the next sounds. But if I really draw these out, if I go like, thin, thick thorn. Saw thousands. Yeah. Just for the th, where would you say my lips were? Oh, I didn't notice. Sorry. Okay, so just for the th. Would I draw it out? Yes. How would you describe the movement? So, like, let's see. Thin, thick, thorn. Thaw. Thousand. Well, it's not moving forward. I would say it's just open, but very close to each other. It's not. You're not opening too much. Yeah, that's something. Apart from that, I didn't say there's anything distinct to mention. Yeah, there's nothing super fancy. Right. So back to the mere practices. We're kind of doing a circle here. I want you to kind of maybe rewatch that part where I was reading. If you can go back to different parts where I was saying th. I think when I was reading some of those tongue twisters, something like that, kind of get an idea of the movement there. If you could see. I don't know, if you could see the tongue past my lips. Anything like that. Kind of check that part out as well. If not. Lips are the main focus here. Check that. And then record yourself when you're not watching yourself. Try to mimic what I did, then record yourself while you are watching yourself. Watch both videos when you're watching yourself. When you're not watching yourself, see if they're the same. Okay. Okay. See if they're the same and see which one is closer to what I do now, the reason for that, again, is because you'll probably see a difference between when you're watching yourself, when you're being really vigilant, and you're able to kind of adjust according to what your eyes need versus with what you just feel. Okay, but what is. Did you observe something that is not right? Yes. Okay, what is that? Well, how did you describe your lip movement from earlier for torn think. This kind of word. But you were reading your th, right. Okay, think. Okay, let me just do them. Do those right now. Think. Thank you. Thought it was different. Bath. I think it is a little different than it was earlier. It is a little different now. Okay, well, I have. I'm having a difficult time understanding what I am exactly doing, but. So do you remember when earlier you said that your lips were kind of, like, widened? Yeah. See your teeth pretty well. Huh? So your lips were going back pretty like. Like this? Like, almost like a. Yeah, kind of like that. I. I imagine I can't see myself right now. So they were going back, though. And your lips actually help mold this sound. So getting the lips down pat actually will sharpen the sound, keep it consistent, and it, you know, louder, more clear, things like that. The lips are an underestimated part of the th sound. So I want you to work on that. I'm also going to send you a video about th in general, just to give you a little bit of extra fun there. Sure. And you said that I was doing it too much. That shouldn't happen. Yeah, you were going back. Whereas th should either be neutral or, like, you noticed, with some words like thorn, it should even go forward, kind of narrow the sound a little further. In every case you probably can't see, my lips are a little tense just to kind of keep them there, kind of, again, control the airflow. Got it. All right. Any. Any other questions on that? Anything else about mirror? No. This is an interesting concept, so I guess I'll have to practice. The thing is, when. That's. The thing is. Thing is. Yes. Yeah. As far as when mirror practices, whenever you can. But I also want you to find minute practices, remember? So memorize some of these. Say it in your drive, and when you're driving to work, say it right. When you wake up in the morning, wake up and immediately go, there are 10 thistle. Yes. Like, have nightmares about it. Something like that. So whatever. You can just take a minute, talk about thorns. Okay, I'll do that. I can now see cats jumping around. You said you didn't have any. No, I didn't have any in the view at that time? Because there was one right behind me before I answered. And you're like, how are you? And I'm like, I'm. Oh, they're gone. So. All right, next time, remind me. Are you taking any weeks off? Let me check. What? Sorry. Are you taking any time off? Remind me. Oh, yeah, I'm taking. I'll meet you again in January. Nice. All right. In that case, I'll see you next year. Happy holidays. And remember to practice th at the Christmas table. Of course. All right, I'll see you next time. Have a good day. All right. See you next time. Me, too. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Hello. Hey. How are you today?

Speaker B: Well, I'm drinking some joy burst and feeling joyful. What about you?

Speaker A: I don't have a cat behind me anymore, so I guess horribly.

Speaker B: What happened? It looks like a different room.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's the living room now. I moved all the way down the hall from the room to the living room. So it's okay. I think I'll survive the transition. Yeah. So I'm pretty decent. Nothing big since last time. Anything fun with you?

Speaker B: Yeah, well, it's going very well. I don't know. I mean, everything's okay. Going very well.

Speaker A: Nice. All right, well, hopefully we can keep that energy. We can stay nice and happy as we look over some th things. So before we get back into th, just give me a review. What's happening with this sound?

Speaker B: Well, it's like it's a fricative sound, the non voiced one. It's like you have to be able to draw that sound for probably years. And. Yeah, so that's ricative. And the way it works is the tongue. There are different ways. You can. Either the tip of the tongue can be either between the two darker and the lower teeth, or it could be just behind the upper teeth but still let the air pass. Yeah. So that's. Those are the two ways I remember. I don't remember if there was another way of doing it.

Speaker A: Those are the main two. Those are the two positions. And remember, it really depends on the speaker. I have it usually a little bit behind. I think it's a little faster. I think it's a little easier. Some people think it's a little more precise if you have it between your teeth. So it's totally up to you. Play around, see which one you prefer.

Speaker B: Yes, I prefer the second one.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: All right. Traitor. I want to do just a quick warm up. I actually want to peek at something secretly as you read. Go ahead and open that link.

Speaker B: Oh, you sent me something. It's still showing us. You're typing. I'll do it one day. Yeah, seriously. I didn't get it yet.

Speaker A: Did it not?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: Why? Why would you do this? Let me. Is it.

Speaker B: Yeah, I see it now.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. So what? Do I have to read that?

Speaker A: Read that. Well, let's go ahead and peek over it. Yeah, go ahead. Go down. There's going to be a nice juicy list here. So do you see where it's starting to list all the tongue twisters?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: All right, so we're going to start here, take a second and go through these. There's no particular ones that Are my favorite. So I want you to go ahead and just peek through and find a couple for yourself. Okay. I know you're gonna go for 27. That one looks right up your alley.

Speaker B: 27. Okay. So now that you have me. Oh, my God. No, that's a big one. I'll just start with the first one.

Speaker A: Okay. Taking the easy way out of the number game, huh?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: Well, it doesn't look easy. Okay.

Speaker A: Number wise. Yes.

Speaker B: Well, is there the th in there? Is it also fricative? No, it's not a fricative.

Speaker A: It is.

Speaker B: It is. There.

Speaker A: See the. The trouble you're facing right now, and this is actually what I was going to secretly not secretly listen for is in a word, like there. It's a voiced fricative. So the one we went over so far was voiceless, which. What does that mean?

Speaker B: Voiceless is just. I'm not using the vocal core.

Speaker A: Exactly. So generally the voiceless fricatives can be a little easier. So for example, S can be a little easier than Z for some people. Same with th. So I just want you to try to read and just read it as you would at this point. I don't want you to overthink it or try to fix it or anything. I just want to see your progress so far. So just read as if you were reading.

Speaker B: Okay. There. Those thousand thinkers thinking, how did the other three. Seriously, did it ever make sense? Other three thieves go through.

Speaker A: I don't think tongue twisters are meant to make sense.

Speaker B: Huh?

Speaker A: Tongue twisters aren't meant to make sense. To be.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: All right. Go ahead and pick another one. We're gonna do it.

Speaker B: I was just thinking that you'd ask me to pronounce think said thing. Thank you. I learned to do those. And now you're making some tongue twister.

Speaker A: We're gonna do that. Go ahead and pick a different tongue twister.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: If you want the second one, I think the easy way, the eighth one. Okay, There we're. I was about to be impressed, but there we go. All right, read the eighth one. At least it's not the 13th one.

Speaker B: This is zeitzar.

Speaker A: This is zither.

Speaker B: Zither, okay. Yeah, this. This is a zither. Okay.

Speaker A: Don't ask me what that is, cuz I don't know. But read number eight.

Speaker B: Sounds like something from the Star Trek. Star Trek movie. 8th one. 36 thick silk threads. Okay. 36 thick silk thread.

Speaker A: Yes. So pick one more, and then we're gonna play with the next one. You pick. So pick Carefully.

Speaker B: Okay. It's now the 25th.

Speaker A: Okay. Oh, Christmas.

Speaker B: Claire. No, 25th is the three balls.

Speaker A: No, Christmas is the 25th.

Speaker B: What?

Speaker A: Of December.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: All right, for this one, I want you to read and just draw out the th sounds. The two that we have here.

Speaker B: Okay. He threw three. Three balls.

Speaker A: So you thought it would be easy, but thr is a very difficult combination. So he threw three balls. Okay, try it again. Threw.

Speaker B: He threw.

Speaker A: So really draw it out. I want to hear pure th for a minute. So threw.

Speaker B: He threw three balls.

Speaker A: All right, go ahead and pick another one. We're gonna do the same thing.

Speaker B: Okay, 32.

Speaker A: All right, let me see.

Speaker B: Do seek. Tinker, Think.

Speaker A: Read that one one more time.

Speaker B: Do think. Tinkers. Think.

Speaker A: Nice. For this one, I want you to actually draw every fricative. Uc.

Speaker B: Do. Thick thinker. Think. Think.

Speaker A: So there's more. There's more fricatives than just th. Here. What's the other fricative?

Speaker B: Tinkers. Tinkers.

Speaker A: Where? Where in the words.

Speaker B: The s. Yes.

Speaker A: Actually, that S is pronounced as a Z. So do thick. Tinkers think?

Speaker B: Do. Think. Tinkers. Think. Think.

Speaker A: I can't answer that question. I don't know what a thick ticker is. So tinker whatever's going on there. All right, so I'll go ahead and show you some mercy as far as the rest of today, but I want you to go ahead and keep these tongue twisters, okay? Keep them close to your heart. I want you to kind of use them as minute practices. So we talked about minute practices, where you just take something and. And you do it for, like a minute, two minutes every day. Tongue twisters are actually a pretty good one.

Speaker B: Okay?

Speaker A: So I want you to take a few. Maybe memorize them if you can. If you want to memorize 13, go ahead and memorize 13. If you want to memorize 27, I would be very impressed, because I don't even think I can do that.

Speaker B: Well, you are very encouraging. You like to encourage students to do difficult things. I see that.

Speaker A: Yes, yes. You should do very difficult things. Make your life difficult. If your life is easy, what's the point? That's why I like cats, because they just keep things insane. So pick something that you think you know. Pick something easy at first, maybe like number 32 or 31 or something. Pick something easy for the first few days. Then try to memorize something a little bit more challenging. So start to work your way up and play with it. So what I want you to do is maybe say it 1, 2, 3 times. Normally, do thick tinkers Think. Try to say it a little faster, maybe try to say it a little slower, maybe Try to stretch out every single fricative you have. Do thick tinkers.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: I'd really pay attention to how your tongue moves not just with the sound, not just with thin, but between th. For example, the reason thr is so difficult is because where is your tongue when you make the th sound?

Speaker B: The tongue is between or not between. In my case, it's like it's just behind the tip, is just behind the top. I mean, the top of the teeth. How do you define like? How do you say that?

Speaker A: Like it's just behind the front teeth.

Speaker B: Yeah, Front teeth.

Speaker A: Yeah. Which I think is sad, to be honest. We have, like, canines, molars, and then front teeth. Like, no fancy name there. I think it's a little sad. I was thinking about that the other day. But anyway, it's right behind or right between the front teeth. I want you to play with that position a little bit, though. And actually, come to think of it, what I think might be helpful is doing a little bit of a mirror practice.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Do you remember talking about mere practices?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: What are they?

Speaker B: I mean, just stand in for the. Is it really, literally mirror practices?

Speaker A: Yes. And the reason I think this would be helpful is because you can actually see yourself pronouncing words like certain sounds, like w, w, w. You can see the lips are going forward, they're going back. They're doing whatever they want to do. You can see a sound like V. You can see how the lips go forward very. Whatever it is. V, W, T, H is one of those sounds. So actually, I don't know if you have access to, like, a camera or a mirror right now.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm looking at myself. I mean, looking at you and also myself. Smaller portion of it.

Speaker A: All right, so ignore that I'm here.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Look at yourself and maybe do one of the tongue twisters or say some of the th words.

Speaker B: One second. Okay. I'm just trying to change the view, basically. Show me in the call screen. Okay. What do we have to do? Sorry.

Speaker A: I want you to just look at yourself, look at the man in the mirror and say some th sounds.

Speaker B: Well, think. Thank you. Thought bath. Can you bathroom th. Yes, I can.

Speaker A: So you could physically see what's happening there?

Speaker B: I mean. Yeah, a little bit of it. That tongue. Tip of the tongue.

Speaker A: And what's happening with your lips?

Speaker B: Think. I don't know what's happening.

Speaker A: Well, say a few more sounds, watch your lips, and then.

Speaker B: Thank you. Thank you. Think so. It's like, widening a little bit.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, it is. So remind me, when you record the classes, do you record the visual as well?

Speaker B: Not myself. I mean, I can see you when I'm not looking at the screen. I can see you when I'm looking at the screen. It's just a screen. For some reason, it doesn't record your video, but not myself.

Speaker A: Darn. Well, you had some pretty good shots earlier with you reading. What I want you to do for the mirror practices is I want you to read maybe just some th words. Just some regular. Just some regular from the practice sheet. Words.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: And then read either sentences or tongue twisters if you want to be really fancy. So I'll just put. Read more for that. You'll know what that means. So read th words, read practice sentences or tongue twisters, whatever works. And watch. And this is without recording.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And then do the same thing with recording. I want you to read some th while you're recording. Like, while you're recording, but while you're not looking at yourself. So that. That would be better without looking at yourself.

Speaker B: I meant to say, what's the reason behind this? Is it like, I need to improve something or.

Speaker A: Yes, you do need to prove something yourself.

Speaker B: What is that?

Speaker A: Okay, when people make a sound, usually they're not doing what they think they're doing. For example, with W, what happens with the lips in W?

Speaker B: I don't know how to. Wah. Wah. All right, that's it. We're on the top.

Speaker A: Actually, we're gonna do an experiment just to kind of show what I'm getting at here. If you want to go ahead and record your visual, just.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Your visual for yourself. Don't look at yourself, but record it.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So don't look and record.

Speaker B: I'll look at you, which is on the right.

Speaker A: Look.

Speaker B: And I'm on the left.

Speaker A: Whatever you want to do. Okay, but I want you to record your visual here for a second.

Speaker B: Sure. What do you want me to say?

Speaker A: I want you to make some W words so some W sounds. Maybe words that start with W. Go like wa. Water, wave. Wisdom, whatever it is.

Speaker B: Wisdom. Okay. Well, without wheat. Wolverine, Olf. What else can I say? Will owl count?

Speaker A: Owl. Owl, Owl, Owl. I will kind of. Well, more words that start with W just for the sake of this practice.

Speaker B: Why? What? Whatever. Where?

Speaker A: Oh, so now you're just being a philosopher. Okay, go ahead and pause the recording. It's being recorded so well, the visual recording.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: I just asked. You said you don't usually get your own Visual recording.

Speaker B: Well, now I changed the view, so now I can see myself and also you.

Speaker A: Okay, so that in mind, with the W, where would you guess your lips were going? Like how far out when you make the W sound?

Speaker B: Okay, so it's also spreads. I think that. I don't know, it widens a little bit, too, and opens. I open the lips.

Speaker A: So we're not focusing on part two. We're focusing on part one. It goes forward and then it goes back. Water.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Where do you think part one is for you?

Speaker B: What? How can I describe that? Like what? Yes, it's moving a little bit forward.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So how far forward

Speaker B: do you think

Speaker A: when you make the W sound, your lips would go as far as mine? Like this?

Speaker B: What? No.

Speaker A: Water.

Speaker B: I don't think so.

Speaker A: So what percent? Like 1%, 10%, 100% compared to mine?

Speaker B: Oh, it's probably what I say, like 60% in that range.

Speaker A: Okay, can you go back and look at how you're saying the words, like, right now, or do you have to do that after class?

Speaker B: After class.

Speaker A: Okay, then that's part of your homework. Watch the W part of class. I want you to watch the W part of class. And the reason for this is you're going to see that your lips didn't really go that far forward.

Speaker B: Not even 50%.

Speaker A: No. But a lot of people feel more dramatic than they really are. They feel like they're maybe moving more than they are. And this goes for. For everything. A lot of when people are acting, they're like, oh, I feel like I was really dramatic. And then I watched myself in the video and I was really flat. So this is. This is with everything. Humans kind of overestimate if they're doing something different. They overestimate how much they change that in mind. I'm just saying this because I'm going to do a recording of myself reading a th. Actually, I can go ahead and do it right now if you want.

Speaker B: Yes. Yeah, that would be great.

Speaker A: All right, so let me hunt something down here.

Speaker B: I understand what you're trying to say, because, I mean, I may feel like I can dance like a pro, but I may not. Right. Maybe after, when something's happening. And then I'm also. I had a few shots maybe. I may think, like, ah, I can

Speaker A: dance, but then, Yeah, I mean, I just don't. Don't do any shots and then do English class.

Speaker B: This is not a shot, by the way. No, this is. This is just a hydration drink.

Speaker A: You know, showing me the COVID doesn't really help. You can put anything you want in there. Okay. I've been to high schools, so. Back on my recording. Correct. So you'll be able to see it. All right. I'm just going to read for the practice sheet, like the first five. You can go ahead and see how my lips move, and then we'll go back to how this affects you at the mirror practice. So, thin layer. She spread a thin layer of butter over the bread. Thick line. The marker draws a very thick line. Thorn. I had to stop to pull a thorn from my shoe. Thawed chicken. Can you take the chicken out of the freezer to thaw it? 10,000. I paid $10,000 for my car. So just watching that visual, I want you to kind of describe how you saw, like, the movement while I was reading.

Speaker B: Well, something that I observed was when you were pronouncing thorn. The lips are. Can I say it was moving. It moved much more forward compared to the other verbs there. It was more like opening, closing. Opening, closing.

Speaker A: Yeah. Well, it has to, like, change for the next sounds. But if I really draw these out, if I go like, thin, thick thorn. Saw thousands.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Just for the th, where would you say my lips were?

Speaker B: Oh, I didn't notice. Sorry.

Speaker A: Okay, so just for the th. Would I draw it out?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: How would you describe the movement? So, like, let's see. Thin, thick, thorn. Thaw. Thousand.

Speaker B: Well, it's not moving forward. I would say it's just open, but very close to each other. It's not. You're not opening too much. Yeah, that's something. Apart from that, I didn't say there's anything distinct to mention.

Speaker A: Yeah, there's nothing super fancy. Right. So back to the mere practices. We're kind of doing a circle here. I want you to kind of maybe rewatch that part where I was reading. If you can go back to different parts where I was saying th. I think when I was reading some of those tongue twisters, something like that, kind of get an idea of the movement there. If you could see. I don't know, if you could see the tongue past my lips. Anything like that. Kind of check that part out as well. If not. Lips are the main focus here. Check that. And then record yourself when you're not watching yourself. Try to mimic what I did, then record yourself while you are watching yourself. Watch both videos when you're watching yourself. When you're not watching yourself, see if they're the same.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: See if they're the same and see which one is closer to what I do now, the reason for that, again, is because you'll probably see a difference between when you're watching yourself, when you're being really vigilant, and you're able to kind of adjust according to what your eyes need versus with what you just feel.

Speaker B: Okay, but what is. Did you observe something that is not right?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Okay, what is that?

Speaker A: Well, how did you describe your lip movement from earlier

Speaker B: for torn think. This kind of word.

Speaker A: But you were reading your th, right.

Speaker B: Okay, think. Okay, let me just do them. Do those right now. Think. Thank you. Thought it was different. Bath. I think

Speaker A: it is a little different than it was earlier.

Speaker B: It is a little different now. Okay, well, I have. I'm having a difficult time understanding what I am exactly doing, but.

Speaker A: So do you remember when earlier you said that your lips were kind of, like, widened? Yeah. See your teeth pretty well.

Speaker B: Huh?

Speaker A: So your lips were going back pretty like. Like this? Like, almost like a. Yeah, kind of like that. I. I imagine I can't see myself right now. So they were going back, though. And your lips actually help mold this sound. So getting the lips down pat actually will sharpen the sound, keep it consistent, and it, you know, louder, more clear, things like that. The lips are an underestimated part of the th sound. So I want you to work on that. I'm also going to send you a video about th in general, just to give you a little bit of extra fun there.

Speaker B: Sure. And you said that I was doing it too much. That shouldn't happen.

Speaker A: Yeah, you were going back. Whereas th should either be neutral or, like, you noticed, with some words like thorn, it should even go forward, kind of narrow the sound a little further. In every case you probably can't see, my lips are a little tense just to kind of keep them there, kind of, again, control the airflow.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: All right. Any. Any other questions on that? Anything else about mirror?

Speaker B: No. This is an interesting concept, so I guess I'll have to practice. The thing is, when. That's.

Speaker A: The thing is.

Speaker B: Thing is.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: As far as when mirror practices, whenever you can. But I also want you to find minute practices, remember? So memorize some of these. Say it in your drive, and when you're driving to work, say it right. When you wake up in the morning, wake up and immediately go, there are 10 thistle.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Like, have nightmares about it. Something like that. So whatever. You can just take a minute, talk about thorns.

Speaker B: Okay, I'll do that. I can now see cats jumping around. You said you didn't have any.

Speaker A: No, I didn't have any in the view at that time? Because there was one right behind me before I answered. And you're like, how are you? And I'm like, I'm. Oh, they're gone. So. All right, next time, remind me. Are you taking any weeks off? Let me check.

Speaker B: What? Sorry.

Speaker A: Are you taking any time off? Remind me.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah, I'm taking. I'll meet you again in January.

Speaker A: Nice. All right. In that case, I'll see you next year. Happy holidays. And remember to practice th at the Christmas table.

Speaker B: Of course.

Speaker A: All right, I'll see you next time. Have a good day.

Speaker B: All right. See you next time. Me, too.

Speaker A: Bye.

