Transcript for: Recording__1226.mp4
Title: Recording #1226
============================================================

So this opens up opportunity for E commerce strategizing and what that other variety pack could look like. Because that variety pack is actually Amazon is the majority of the volume. So maybe there's a repositioning or a redesign or whatever like something there. So. But again, I just have to talk to my team about that. And then the snacks to go new item that's I think going to add a lot more revenue back to the portfolio. Yeah. So that's a creative item that Lindsay will definitely need started before you leave on the 5th. Because we are commercializing snack mixes. We should be able to. Yeah, I gotta look at timing of that too. Okay. Yeah, so I was just mentioning I should be finished today. I was working on it last night. I'm kind of just revamping the chickpea A plus content based on kind of the feedback you gave to be less snacks to go focused or like to go focused. And so I assume that our snack mixes will be similar snack mixes. You know where we're going to take a lot of the A plus. So snack mixes in terms of the highest price priority is the product page setup. A plus content can come later. Like maybe that's first week of January. You make A plus content or whatever it is, but focus on the image like the product setup so that at least once we ship into Amazon we can go live. So I got to think of that timing of how urgent all things are. But Invoke is also working on the website page for the snack mixes. So we'll likely to pull a lot of for snack mixes and we have the bowl shots. Lindsay, we're gonna appetite appeal with that. It's gonna be key. Yeah, go ahead. It'll be similar to the chickpeas then like it'll be like three. Like one of each flavor is what people will be getting. Correct. Yeah, it's a. So show how many have those details. It's a three pack for 27 bucks. Yes. By the way, we. I remember previously you mentioned about three packs to be priced at 17 and six pack as at 32. Something around that. Yeah, no, I, I was probably. That's what our chickpeas are. Right. But yeah, no, scratch that pricing. These items are retailing retail for like eight bucks. Okay. So yeah, so you know we sent that email too about like the details. I think Lindsay, you were on that. That has the specific, you know, three pack, 27. And then Alicia, would you lean into obviously protein on these for main images and A plus content. And obviously like you said, we'll see what Invoke comes back with but. And we can actually call these protein snack mixes. They're not just snack mixes. In every descriptor and every title and every image, we can actually meet the rich. The rich in protein claim. So it's a protein snack mix. Just like Quest is a protein chip. Right. Make a thing. Hello everyone. Hey, Terms of. Because I know I saw some of the emails too. So we're talking the creative and the setup. So we're just kicking off show home internally on the bomb creative and the codes and stuff and the UPCs and all that and how that will map to our system. So Annabelle and Brittany will come back to you once we have all that in terms of the actual items set up and all of the stuff in the back end of Amazon for it. I have a quick question launch date for that because what will happen? I'll have to talk to the production team. So we're commercializing snack mixes say like December 16th. Then we'll have to actually get in the demand plan or get into production making the Amazon boxes and then ship. So I guess when you're thinking timing of when the page can actually go live in Amazon to start fulfilling. We're into January, but we still want to be able to have everything set up here as soon as possible so we can get into production and ship to Amazon. So it's early January item. It's a great time. Got it. So you want it to be available in January as soon as possible. Maybe the first week. Okay. So in that case we must create the listing right away and then send them in December, probably towards the beginning of December. Yeah, so that's what I'm trying to get in. So that's, that's not going to happen. The soonest we can probably send them is. Is third week of December, which is Christmas. So last week of December. I have to talk to production. These conversations are just having right now. So yeah, I guess we're looking mid January launch probably by the time they get there. Yeah, Yeah. Focus right now is get it all set up and then we'll make it as fast as we can. Yeah, yeah, definitely. I have, I'm starting my work on that and, and I mentioned that I'll try to finish all of these things by December 9th. But also. Yeah, I think you said the 10 also I'll have something ready by let's say. Oh yeah, we have meeting on 11th of December. So I'll have everything ready before that. And then if we need to revise something we can. We'll have plenty of time. Yeah, yeah. And we can review. Okay. Okay. And then just for your. No, Lindsay. So yeah, start the snack mix images as we can so that at least we have like the sweet image and the product front and back. Like. But any, any other creative that comes out of show homes, I guess audit, if I call it that or whatever that. What, he does that for snack mixes. We probably can. We probably can do that. That last week of December. Just make sure we dial it in. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that sounds good. So just for sake, show home because Lindsay's away for three weeks after December 5th, so we're trying to just really high priority. What do you absolutely need to have just set up by December 5th so that we have something to work with and then what will you dial in? Got it. Between Christmas and New Year's. Yeah. Yes. And is this something that we are going to Costco us with? Yeah, the snack mixes. So Costco. Yes, we are also going to Costco, but it's not a. It's not a variety pack right now. It's a bulk bag. Right. And. Got it. So what are you going with in January? I remember you mentioned something about January. Oh, Costco Canada in January are snacks to go is national sold like the 18 pack. Yeah, yeah. So that might show them. I have a feeling it's actually going to help Amazon. The thing about Costco in Canada builds brands in Amazon or I mean builds brands. Definitely creates awareness. And for Costco Canada, would you. Are you still considering instacart ads to support the launch? Is there something necessary? Okay, not right now. Yeah. Okay. So just. Lindsey, is there anything else you need? So snack mixes A plus content for snacks to go has been already resized and completed and sent. So show home you have that and you're all set. I think so. I will need the UPC and the SKU to set it up on Amazon, but to do my research, I have everything. Okay. And we have not gotten there yet. Right. Alicia, you said the SKU and the UPC is coming and then moving to the Chickpea content. Is there any more clarification you need, Lindsey? I don't think so. So like basically last we left it, Alicia kind of just directed me to take a look more at the website pages and just kind of pivot a little way a little bit from focusing as much on to Go. So I'll have something today and I'll send it and then if there's any edits, I can make them pretty quickly. So hopefully that a content will be locked in and then I can make chickpeas off of that. And same with the USA images and pages and everything. So once that's good, that'll kind of get the rest of it going. And then that sort of how you. That sort of, I guess, template or whatever you make for that, it could, you could follow it very similarly for the fava bean variety pack. Yeah, that's. That's what I was intending to do is more or less the same. But obviously if there's things that don't make sense for fabulous to chickpeas, then it'll change. But yeah, that's what I was going to use as the basis. And everybody's clear on what items we actually ship in the box that are usa, right? It's only the chickpeas and the fava bean pouch packs in USA packaging. The snack packs, we skip our Canadian packaging because we don't have a USA item. So actually inside the box to.com is Canada. Yeah. Yeah, we just went over that again this morning because. Oh yeah, we're talking to USA and we're looking at snacks ago and they're like, nope, not this one. Yeah, the main images. Okay. And then just for further clarification, the snack mixes, will they have us while we're working on that? That's a very good question. We are going to be sending them setting up with just Canada. But Annaba, that will be part of our. Well, that will be part of how we create it. We will be shipping into dot com with just Canadian packaging to start. Okay. Yeah. We don't have any anchors into the US Shipping into snacks snack mixes right now. So we're gonna set it up that Canada packaging is shipping to both CA&.com. Got it. Okay. I mark that in these notes and then I'll send them to you, Lindsay, just for. Thank you. It all gets jumbled once all together. Yeah. Okay. Anubhav, would you like to. I'm sure, Lindsay, you could hop off if you'd like to. Just a quick question with Lindsay. So, Lindsay, do you have a tracking on when those cards are coming? Oh, I get the tracking. Are you making another order? Annabelle, Fabas or chickpeas already? No, I was just waiting because next week I need some. One order was placed by Lindsay, right? Yep. I saw the order confirmation email. Yeah. Do we have an ETA for that? Let me. I have. I can check my email, Annaba for tracking. Okay. But it was quick turnaround, so likely either this next week. It should have been quick, so should be here. Okay. So I can I can go ahead with my next because I have my plan for next Thursday. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So just when I get into the office and set up my computer, I can find my. Perfect. Yeah. Tracking Lindsay. But I think it comes to my email, the notification. So yeah, I believe so we ordered another 250 so we should be good for a bit and soon enough we're into the full brand. So we shouldn't have to put those cards in anymore. Yeah. Oh yeah. It said it should have been there but in my email I had put in for the cards to arrive by November 24th. Oh so this is. I thought so that it would be here but I haven't seen here. Maybe. Yeah. So I don't know if there's a chance that thing like maybe someone missed letting. No, because we'll ask. We just have to ask Omid in the back shop, Annabelle, sometimes he puts stuff in the QA room. If it has my name on it. We just gotta find it. Yeah, yeah. So hopefully they should be there by now. And I did order 500 cards. So you guys will be good. Oh, okay. I think for this entire time. Okay. Okay. So here is my plan for upcoming builds. I just had one query. Soham. So since we are discussing the plan way in advance, like almost two weeks ahead. So what's happening is by the time when we are meeting today, right. Whatever we discussed in our last meeting, that build is happening next week. So there has to be some kind of friction now with holidays coming. I was just a bit concerned like do you want me to club my new recommendation with what we already agreed for? So let's say if I'm discussing for Amazon USA. So we, we plan to send three SKUs and then I see one of the SKUs like chickpeas variety pack, I'm building 30 for next week but then for the next, for the week, for two weeks later I see another 14 units. So I might as well club it. Other than sending just 14 units. Yes. Yeah. Or maybe you don't even need those 14 units because you already have two months worth. So for the, the first ones, The FAHA variety one, the 59 recommendation, would you consider also moving that to next week's build? So I'm just deciding like if you, if there is a plan to do anything the week after, then I need to keep some sku, right. Like otherwise I will. It's not worth doing a shipment else I do everything for next week and just cancel for a few weeks, you know, not send anything to them for a few weeks. If you want, I can try moving it asking what you suggest here because based on the situation, based on the changes that we're going to have. So right now we have like 244 based on what we shipped last week. So that is going to cover us for two and a half months worth stock. It doesn't hurt to send that 59 units even next week if you think there is going to be any kind of disruption. Okay. In production because of the holidays and all. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, let me try to see if I can club everything and add it on to next week. If not, then probably I'll just keep it as it is. So I'll have to just do a quick check with my production. Right. Because what you're trying to do, Annabelle, is you're just trying to optimize the shipping. So you're saying, hey, should I put all of this volume in column P or should I wait and honestly, in column P here, if you're trying to optimize column O for what this one. Okay, so you're trying to put it all in there. Oh, I see. Yeah. Yes. Okay. So yeah, so yeah, if you can do it all, if you have to even pull back from your 59 units and production is like, let's just do 40, that's fine. Okay. Because like you said, you already have two months worth. So if you have to pull off 19 cases just to fit in a day of production or what volume they can do in a day in a shift, but you have the permission to do that. But yeah, definitely combine them, optimize shipping and if you have to reduce 10 units or whatever it is, just go ahead and do that. Okay. And yeah, I can club these. So this is fine. Okay. So just to make sure. So this one is chickpeas variety pack and our. I made one comment here for 15 grams. 30 by 15 grams. Yeah. So last, during our last meet, one month sale was close to 107 units. Now it shows 73 units. Yeah, so 70. We were just talking about that. So okay, you're saying, well, you don't have any plan to build, you're just sending another 25, right? Yeah, that's probably fine. But yeah, we are seeing the 30 times 15 gram in decline and the other one in incline. So we'll talk to that more when we see Canada because that's where it has the biggest impact. Okay, You almost. Are you asking if you should almost not send those 25 Annaba or it's in production, just do them like. No, I'll just put it just to be safe. Like if I'm not sending in coming weeks then it's best to send some. Yeah. Okay. Moving to Amazon Canada. So this the highlighted quantity is what we are building for next week. But since my quantity was less than anticipated so I definitely want to ramp this up. But my next the production schedule for the weeks coming weeks is super high. So might as well either not send it this in next week's build and keep it for later and maybe just I can bring these two SKUs forward for this week shipment and do like snacks to go 18 pack in three weeks from now. Thousand next month. Right. So although December probably going to be a little bit soft, it's Christmas time and stuff. Yeah but so would there be an option and above where as in next week instead of building only 8 can you build a couple hundred or that's too big of a swing for production. No, I think couple hundred should be doable. Yeah. Maybe you could do 200. Okay. Or something. Let's say if I do 200 here and do 238 close to 240 and in this weeks I can club I can bring this forward like the camelin oil. And so my next shipment will be focusing just on snacks to go and I can just try to see if I can bring these forwards like the lintels variety pack to some extent and do a let's say even 40 if I can try to bring it up. Okay, where are you at on the 30 times 15s? We're not making any of those. Hey, 30 times 15. Which line item is that? This is the one. It's really small. Okay, so you have 500 and we have 2000. So five 10. We have like one lot. So you are. Yeah. So zero out on that for a little bit. Hold on that. Yeah, but and again earlier in our earlier meet the monthly sale was 577 units. So we are almost down by 100 units sale over a monthly spread. Yeah. Okay. Yeah we're definitely. Hold on. 30 times 15. Yeah. And so sorry, I'm just trying to do the 18 times 28. So you have 627 and then say in the next 30 and okay. Yeah, so that should be fine. This looks fine to me. At show home do you see anything? A little bit is the chickpeas variety pack. Could we build 20 to 30 more of that? Yeah, Chickpeas variety pack. Let me see. Yeah, right now I, when I was checking I think it was less than 128 units which is why? I'm suggesting we bump that up a little bit. No, so, so that is including. So my total units is including next week's build. Let me see. Available is 90 now. Just a second. I just added a note for that. So let me check again. And the chickpeas variety pack for you show home too. I like running those very tight because shelf life and quality impact static really, really well. And it's fine. So, yeah, let's not. So, okay, we'll talk on it the next time if we have to put another shipment in. I will say club here if I need to. Or do you want me to just keep at 30 instead of even 34 doesn't matter much. 4 units. Okay. Whatever you decide. Yeah, okay, that's fine. And I'll try to see if this is going to affect. We have like. Okay, the numbers are high, so it's good. I think it would be best to send right away. Lentils variety pack. Okay. Yeah. Question on the lentils variety pack, annab, and you probably don't have the information on hand, but we have lots of inventory of sea salt and sea salt vinegar still. Right. Like those are going to be discontinued items, but we're well into 20, 26 with inventory that we have on that item. Right? Yeah. But for barbecue, my concern is I'm not sure whether we'll be entering into a new film or not. So that was my next concern. Okay. So we might do. Okay. So yeah, keep me posted on when you think we might be entering the new look. And we'll have to just make sure we communicate it on the images because what we. So, so the lentil pack right now is a variety pack of all three flavors. We only, we're just, we're discontinuing sea salt vinegar and slightly sea tall sea salted lentils. They're just very slow movers. The one that we're going to hold on to is barbecue lentils. So what's going to happen here is there's just going to be a mixed bag, I guess if you call that of barbecue lentils and the rebrand and the other two there for quite some time. Once we run low on sea salt vinegar and sea salt, then we're going to disco that item and decide if we put a barbecue variety or put a barbecue item on or if we just keep lentils off Amazon altogether. So I have a bit of a strategy document started that I need to chat with my sales team on. On just sort of like sales and marketing team on just strategies for Amazon. What items need to be there. What items are we going to focus on? Because yeah, maybe it's not worth putting the barbecue on Amazon and just focusing on what's there or a different idea. So. Yeah. Okay. So do you want me to hold for now or should I just. For now I can plan these Skus lentils variety pack. No, I think plan is your planning. Hey, show home. They're actually selling really well for what they are. Okay. I'm just, I'm just doing a quick check in terms of what my packs look like because if I am using new then probably we have to do handcut labels like you might expect two different designs. Right. If you think you're being the new barbecue package. I'm just checking. Just give me quick minute and I'm just doing a quick check. Okay. Yeah. Have we even packed on the line the new barbecue bundles? I'm just seeing how much of old stock am I having? Am I having enough to execute it? Okay. Yeah, because you're only doing seven and we're gonna get pretty tight on that item. It looks like 84 available which includes your 7 and then we have more. So I was planning to bring. Ramp this up for next week instead of doing seven. Okay. Yes, ramp that up. Yeah. But let me see. Lentils variety pack C844. So to do. So let's say if. Even if I want to do 100 or 90 whatever. I need eight cases of barbecue lentil. Just mean. Let me see. Inventory wise inventory material. Lentils barbecue in Arrow. Okay. I still have the old stock. We should be good. Okay. Easy peasy then. Okay. Yeah. You're pulling that volume up to next week? Yeah. Sweet. Perfect. Thanks. That's. That was helpful. Okay. Nice. Really sorry. Awesome. Okay. So I. I think we kind of got through highest priority things on the creative side and on the inventory side here we did some discussion there on. We just need to think about what we're going to do about that. 30 times 15 gram. Okay. Yeah. Annabelle, you're good. I think you can jump off you on the next meeting. Thank you. Yeah. Bye. Bye. And then I don't know showham if there was other things outside of what we chatted for today and. But I know that you, you. I saw the email there about the dashboard making sure that it's accurate and up to date. So I got to take a look at that and then just one thing I wanted to maybe just go over quick was the spend because I've had a few finance meeting where we're overspending and I just Want to see if I was going to go back into the, the dashboard to kind of take a look at that? Because when I'm doing my forecasting, I'm forecasting what the spend is. And I had her TIE Just a 15%, you know, just for a generic, like very realistic forecast without any building blocks. 15% Canada and 20% U.S. and when she came back, it's, it was lower than what we're currently spending. So she was asking for overspending right now. That is correct. We are slightly overspending. In the month of October, for example, we spent 18% in Canada. And in November, the current run rate is at about 20%. In Canada in November in Canada. Okay. And that percentage. So, so then my questions are there and saying, what are we overspending on and how is that impacting revenue? Well, right now one of big efforts is how can we prevent the slowdown, which is what is causing us to experiment more and see if we can do something in terms of getting more impression for particular keywords and clicks as a result, which is what driving the higher spend, especially in Canada. So you're saying we're spending more, but we're slowing. So far, yes. We have reduced the spend, for example, on, on the 30 count too, so far. For example, in the month of. Sorry, I'm just thinking here. So I have to probably spend some time in the dashboard looking at this because what we should be doing show home is so. Okay, so I hear what you're saying. So you're, you're trying to spend more to drive the growth, but you're also saying not really working and we also do not have permission to be spending more. I did not approve spending more. Right. So we have to be very careful of that. The other thing is time of year, there is absolute seasonality. So what I would like to do is I want to refer, I want to reference last year Amazon sales. I want to look at November and December and I want to validate if we also saw some sort of trend of something soft. Okay, you saw. Okay, good. Okay, so you did see that. So let's make sure we understand that variable because we also, I do remember was it this year, usually January to March are the overshoot times, like very good time. So I'd rather over in January, February, March and not overspend on a time that we know. Yeah, softens like, you know what I mean? I just want to make sure we're using dollars. Yeah, I was just a little bit nervous that it's slowing down so quickly and If I can do something about that. And specifically the 30 count is responsible for overspend. If you look at the dashboard, you'll see November is spent 24% compared to 19% in October, 15 in September. So, yeah, that is what is happening. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So, and I, I don't like, I'm, I'm not like scaring you by saying, oh, you've overspent and you're like in big trouble. I just want to make sure that when, when we are seeing that and that's why we have these touch points. Right. That's why even these every two weeks right now, they're longer than probably, these calls are longer than they probably need to be because we operationally have a lot of moving parts with the rebrand vitamin stuff. But ideally, that sort of, that flash check in is that's what comes to the agenda and saying, hey, you know what, can I spend a little bit more money? Because we're seeing a slowdown. And then we're going to have that conversation and saying, okay, why are we seeing a slowdown? Okay, we have a new brand image. We're cannibalized on. Oh, well, frick, it's November and December last year showed that we soften here too. So then we can make those decisions and saying, okay, well, don't try to make up with it on spending dollars because now we're just throwing dollars at the wall and we know it's going to be soft. Why don't we maybe make up for it in January and like really blow January's forecast? Maybe we'll overshoot January or something like that or. So just making sure. Yeah. When we kind of see it, we just have the full discussion. Yeah. So, yeah, so with that, so you have the 15 for Canada and the 20 in the US kind of thing. That's fine. If moving through, like December, whatever we like, it's fine when we overspend, like 16, 17, but when we're moving all the way to 20, that's like a big jump right. From 15 to 20. So I will do that. So, yeah, let's just. Let me look at some of the data here too. December is likely soft. It's likely going to be soft. It shouldn't be crazy soft, like shut off, but it's likely going to be soft. And hopefully January, we have just a, we get through some of this inventory because we have like two, three months worth. So maybe January, February, we kind of come out with a really big. And I say, hey, spend the 20 in Canada in January, February, they're the best months. Right? Okay. Yeah. All right. Okay. Promotions coming up too, on Amazon, I think you have. So I was gonna say, I'm like, those all start today and tomorrow. Right. So hopefully the next couple of days will also. You know, we have four days left in November, so that is what I'm hoping. Right. Because we approved all those Black Friday sales. So some of them were the 20 off and then some of them were the lightning deal. So that's good. And honestly, those are like, that's all we can do at this time of year. That's the only way we can really stand out over just everybody's focus shifting. I see it in every grocery, in everything. Like, there's not. There is seasonality to our product. It is Q1 and Q3 are like the there. If there is any seasonality, those are the times it's like, yeah. When people are healthy or back to school or traveling or whatever it is. Q2 is should remain strong, too. But November, December are always a bit of. A bit slacked. Yeah. So that's why. Because, you know, don't scaring me. No, no, I'm not, I'm not. There's so many different reasons. I'm just like, whoa, whoa, whoa, watch. Yeah. My gosh. Okay. Yes, yes, there was. Anything else? So the cool cast. I have created the. We can see the first version of the forecast. So we should also take some time to review that for the next year, either on this call or the next one. Yeah. Do you have it in the dashboard already? And. Sorry, I'm in my car. I'm not set up really well to. So if it's in there, I will take the time. Probably on the weekend I'll go in and look at it and then, you know, I'll either probably. I have my assumption. I don't know if you looked at it yet, Brittany. My assumption is it's likely very close to what we've already put into our budget. But if you layered in promotional assumptions. I haven't. Or did you put the snack mixes. Probably not. Did you make a line? You haven't. Because you. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So that's just a building block. That's going to be great. Yes. Like over and above. Right. So, yeah. So let me take a look at it. Show home and then I'll just come back to you with questions and we can. If they can't get answered with just a little bit of back and forth. We'll talk about it on the next call. No problem at all. Appreciate you. All right. And then show home. I think I've asked you this before and maybe you've sent it to me, but you need to give us your address. Brittany has always been snack. I tasted them. I love them in especially the ranch and the cheddar. Love them. They're awesome. You know what's so funny is I have not tried. I haven't sent them to myself because I feel like they're such a hot commodity right now. So now that you have them, I feel confident that maybe I can ask for some. Yeah. You know what, Brittany, why don't you. When you question for the photo shoot, okay. Bag some. Have her bag one of each for you too. I think this is going to be so good. Yeah. Yeah. Or Brittany, like, you're gonna be here next week for the Christmas party. You just get. Yeah, Maybe I'll just get some then. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Save the shipping. Yeah. Okay. A meeting marathon today. Yeah. Bye now. Later. Have a great day. Thank you, Showham.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: So this opens up opportunity for E commerce strategizing and what that other variety pack could look like. Because that variety pack is actually Amazon is the majority of the volume. So maybe there's a repositioning or a redesign or whatever like something there. So. But again, I just have to talk to my team about that. And then the snacks to go new item that's I think going to add a lot more revenue back to the portfolio. Yeah. So that's a creative item that Lindsay will definitely need started before you leave on the 5th. Because we are commercializing snack mixes. We should be able to. Yeah, I gotta look at timing of that too.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, so I was just mentioning I should be finished today. I was working on it last night. I'm kind of just revamping the chickpea A plus content based on kind of the feedback you gave to be less snacks to go focused or like to go focused. And so I assume that our snack

Speaker A: mixes will be similar snack mixes. You know where we're going to take a lot of the A plus. So snack mixes in terms of the highest price priority is the product page setup. A plus content can come later. Like maybe that's first week of January. You make A plus content or whatever it is, but focus on the image like the product setup so that at least once we ship into Amazon we can go live. So I got to think of that timing of how urgent all things are. But Invoke is also working on the website page for the snack mixes. So we'll likely to pull a lot of for snack mixes and we have the bowl shots. Lindsay, we're gonna appetite appeal with that. It's gonna be key.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker C: go ahead.

Speaker B: It'll be similar to the chickpeas then like it'll be like three. Like one of each flavor is what people will be getting.

Speaker A: Correct. Yeah, it's a. So show how many have those details. It's a three pack for 27 bucks.

Speaker D: Yes. By the way, we. I remember previously you mentioned about three packs to be priced at 17 and six pack as at 32. Something around that.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, I, I was probably. That's what our chickpeas are. Right. But yeah, no, scratch that pricing. These items are retailing retail for like eight bucks.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: So yeah, so

Speaker C: you know we sent that email too about like the details. I think Lindsay, you were on that. That has the specific, you know, three pack, 27. And then Alicia, would you lean into obviously protein on these for main images and A plus content. And obviously like you said, we'll see what Invoke comes back with but.

Speaker A: And we can actually call these protein snack mixes. They're not just snack mixes. In every descriptor and every title and every image, we can actually meet the rich. The rich in protein claim. So it's a protein snack mix. Just like Quest is a protein chip.

Speaker D: Right.

Speaker B: Make a thing.

Speaker E: Hello everyone.

Speaker D: Hey,

Speaker A: Terms of. Because I know I saw some of the emails too. So we're talking the creative and the setup. So we're just kicking off show home internally on the bomb creative and the codes and stuff and the UPCs and all that and how that will map to our system. So Annabelle and Brittany will come back to you once we have all that in terms of the actual items set up and all of the stuff in the back end of Amazon for it. I have a quick question launch date for that because what will happen? I'll have to talk to the production team. So we're commercializing snack mixes say like December 16th. Then we'll have to actually get in the demand plan or get into production making the Amazon boxes and then ship. So I guess when you're thinking timing of when the page can actually go live in Amazon to start fulfilling. We're into January, but we still want to be able to have everything set up here as soon as possible so we can get into production and ship to Amazon. So it's early January item. It's a great time.

Speaker D: Got it. So you want it to be available in January as soon as possible. Maybe the first week. Okay. So in that case we must create the listing right away and then send them in December, probably towards the beginning of December.

Speaker A: Yeah, so that's what I'm trying to get in. So that's, that's not going to happen. The soonest we can probably send them is. Is third week of December, which is Christmas. So last week of December. I have to talk to production. These conversations are just having right now. So yeah, I guess we're looking mid January launch probably by the time they get there. Yeah, Yeah. Focus right now is get it all set up and then we'll make it as fast as we can.

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, definitely. I have, I'm starting my work on that and, and I mentioned that I'll try to finish all of these things by December 9th. But also.

Speaker C: Yeah, I think you said the 10

Speaker D: also I'll have something ready by let's say. Oh yeah, we have meeting on 11th of December. So I'll have everything ready before that. And then if we need to revise something we can. We'll have plenty of time. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: And we can review.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. And then just for your. No, Lindsay. So yeah, start the snack mix images as we can so that at least we have like the sweet image and the product front and back. Like. But any, any other creative that comes out of show homes, I guess audit, if I call it that or whatever that. What, he does that for snack mixes. We probably can. We probably can do that. That last week of December. Just make sure we dial it in.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that sounds good.

Speaker A: So just for sake, show home because Lindsay's away for three weeks after December 5th, so we're trying to just really high priority. What do you absolutely need to have just set up by December 5th so that we have something to work with and then what will you dial in?

Speaker D: Got it.

Speaker A: Between Christmas and New Year's. Yeah. Yes.

Speaker D: And is this something that we are going to Costco us with?

Speaker A: Yeah, the snack mixes. So Costco. Yes, we are also going to Costco, but it's not a. It's not a variety pack right now. It's a bulk bag.

Speaker D: Right. And.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker D: So what are you going with in January? I remember you mentioned something about January.

Speaker A: Oh, Costco Canada in January are snacks to go is national sold like the 18 pack. Yeah, yeah. So that might show them. I have a feeling it's actually going to help Amazon. The thing about Costco in Canada builds brands in Amazon or I mean builds brands.

Speaker D: Definitely creates awareness. And for Costco Canada, would you. Are you still considering instacart ads to support the launch? Is there something necessary?

Speaker A: Okay, not right now. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: So just. Lindsey, is there anything else you need? So snack mixes A plus content for snacks to go has been already resized and completed and sent. So show home you have that and you're all set.

Speaker D: I think so. I will need the UPC and the SKU to set it up on Amazon, but to do my research, I have everything.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: And we have not gotten there yet. Right. Alicia, you said the SKU and the UPC is coming and then moving to the Chickpea content. Is there any more clarification you need, Lindsey?

Speaker B: I don't think so. So like basically last we left it, Alicia kind of just directed me to take a look more at the website pages and just kind of pivot a little way a little bit from focusing as much on to Go. So I'll have something today and I'll send it and then if there's any edits, I can make them pretty quickly. So hopefully that a content will be locked in and then I can make chickpeas off of that. And same with the USA images and pages and everything. So once that's good, that'll kind of get the rest of it going.

Speaker A: And then that sort of how you. That sort of, I guess, template or whatever you make for that, it could, you could follow it very similarly for the fava bean variety pack.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's. That's what I was intending to do is more or less the same. But obviously if there's things that don't make sense for fabulous to chickpeas, then it'll change. But yeah, that's what I was going to use as the basis.

Speaker A: And everybody's clear on what items we actually ship in the box that are usa, right? It's only the chickpeas and the fava bean pouch packs in USA packaging. The snack packs, we skip our Canadian packaging because we don't have a USA item. So actually inside the box to.com is Canada. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah, we just went over that again this morning because. Oh yeah, we're talking to USA and we're looking at snacks ago and they're like, nope, not this one.

Speaker C: Yeah, the main images.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker C: And then just for further clarification, the snack mixes, will they have us while we're working on that?

Speaker A: That's a very good question. We are going to be sending them setting up with just Canada. But Annaba, that will be part of our. Well, that will be part of how we create it. We will be shipping into dot com with just Canadian packaging to start.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. We don't have any anchors into the US Shipping into snacks snack mixes right now. So we're gonna set it up that Canada packaging is shipping to both CA&.com.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay.

Speaker C: I mark that in these notes and then I'll send them to you, Lindsay, just for.

Speaker B: Thank you.

Speaker C: It all gets jumbled once all together.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. Anubhav, would you like to. I'm sure, Lindsay, you could hop off if you'd like to.

Speaker E: Just a quick question with Lindsay. So, Lindsay, do you have a tracking on when those cards are coming?

Speaker A: Oh, I get the tracking. Are you making another order? Annabelle, Fabas or chickpeas already?

Speaker E: No, I was just waiting because next week I need some. One order was placed by Lindsay, right?

Speaker A: Yep. I saw the order confirmation email.

Speaker E: Yeah. Do we have an ETA for that?

Speaker A: Let me. I have. I can check my email, Annaba for tracking.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: But it was quick turnaround, so likely either this next week. It should have been quick, so should be here.

Speaker E: Okay. So I can I can go ahead with my next because I have my plan for next Thursday.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Yeah. So just when I get into the office and set up my computer, I can find my.

Speaker E: Perfect.

Speaker A: Yeah. Tracking Lindsay. But I think it comes to my email, the notification.

Speaker B: So yeah, I believe so

Speaker A: we ordered another 250 so we should be good for a bit and soon enough we're into the full brand. So we shouldn't have to put those cards in anymore.

Speaker B: Yeah. Oh yeah. It said it should have been there but in my email I had put in for the cards to arrive by November 24th.

Speaker A: Oh so this is.

Speaker E: I thought so that it would be here but I haven't seen here. Maybe.

Speaker B: Yeah. So I don't know if there's a chance that thing like maybe someone missed letting.

Speaker A: No, because we'll ask. We just have to ask Omid in the back shop, Annabelle, sometimes he puts stuff in the QA room. If it has my name on it. We just gotta find it.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. So hopefully they should be there by now. And I did order 500 cards. So you guys will be good.

Speaker E: Oh, okay.

Speaker B: I think for this entire time.

Speaker E: Okay. Okay. So here is my plan for upcoming builds. I just had one query. Soham. So since we are discussing the plan way in advance, like almost two weeks ahead. So what's happening is by the time when we are meeting today, right. Whatever we discussed in our last meeting, that build is happening next week. So there has to be some kind of friction now with holidays coming. I was just a bit concerned like do you want me to club my new recommendation with what we already agreed for? So let's say if I'm discussing for Amazon USA. So we, we plan to send three SKUs and then I see one of the SKUs like chickpeas variety pack, I'm building 30 for next week but then for the next, for the week, for two weeks later I see another 14 units. So I might as well club it. Other than sending just 14 units.

Speaker A: Yes. Yeah. Or maybe you don't even need those 14 units because you already have two months worth.

Speaker D: So for the, the first ones, The FAHA variety one, the 59 recommendation, would you consider also moving that to next week's build?

Speaker E: So I'm just deciding like if you, if there is a plan to do anything the week after, then I need to keep some sku, right. Like otherwise I will. It's not worth doing a shipment else I do everything for next week and just cancel for a few weeks, you know, not send anything to them for a few weeks. If you want, I can try moving

Speaker D: it asking what you suggest here because based on the situation, based on the changes that we're going to have.

Speaker E: So right now we have like 244 based on what we shipped last week. So that is going to cover us for two and a half months worth stock.

Speaker D: It doesn't hurt to send that 59 units even next week if you think there is going to be any kind of disruption.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker D: In production because of the holidays and all.

Speaker E: Yeah. Okay. So yeah, let me try to see if I can club everything and add it on to next week. If not, then probably I'll just keep it as it is. So I'll have to just do a quick check with my production.

Speaker A: Right. Because what you're trying to do, Annabelle, is you're just trying to optimize the shipping. So you're saying, hey, should I put all of this volume in column P or should I wait and honestly, in column P here, if you're trying to

Speaker E: optimize column O for what this one.

Speaker A: Okay, so you're trying to put it all in there. Oh, I see.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yes. Okay. So yeah, so yeah, if you can do it all, if you have to even pull back from your 59 units and production is like, let's just do 40, that's fine.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: Because like you said, you already have two months worth. So if you have to pull off 19 cases just to fit in a day of production or what volume they can do in a day in a shift, but you have the permission to do that. But yeah, definitely combine them, optimize shipping and if you have to reduce 10 units or whatever it is, just go ahead and do that.

Speaker E: Okay. And yeah, I can club these. So this is fine.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker E: So just to make sure. So this one is chickpeas variety pack and our. I made one comment here for 15 grams. 30 by 15 grams. Yeah. So last, during our last meet, one month sale was close to 107 units. Now it shows 73 units.

Speaker A: Yeah, so 70. We were just talking about that. So okay, you're saying, well, you don't have any plan to build, you're just sending another 25, right?

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker A: that's probably fine. But yeah, we are seeing the 30 times 15 gram in decline and the other one in incline. So we'll talk to that more when we see Canada because that's where it has the biggest impact.

Speaker E: Okay,

Speaker A: You almost. Are you asking if you should almost not send those 25 Annaba or it's in production, just do them like.

Speaker E: No, I'll just put it just to be safe. Like if I'm not sending in coming weeks then it's best to send some.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker E: Moving to Amazon Canada. So this the highlighted quantity is what we are building for next week. But since my quantity was less than anticipated so I definitely want to ramp this up. But my next the production schedule for the weeks coming weeks is super high. So might as well either not send it this in next week's build and keep it for later and maybe just I can bring these two SKUs forward for this week shipment and do like snacks to go 18 pack in three weeks from now.

Speaker A: Thousand next month. Right. So although December probably going to be a little bit soft, it's Christmas time and stuff. Yeah but so would there be an option and above where as in next week instead of building only 8 can you build a couple hundred or that's too big of a swing for production.

Speaker E: No, I think couple hundred should be doable. Yeah.

Speaker A: Maybe you could do 200.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: Or something.

Speaker E: Let's say if I do 200 here and do 238 close to 240 and in this weeks I can club I can bring this forward like the camelin oil. And so my next shipment will be focusing just on snacks to go and I can just try to see if I can bring these forwards like the lintels variety pack to some extent and do a let's say even 40 if I can try to bring it up.

Speaker A: Okay, where are you at on the 30 times 15s? We're not making any of those. Hey, 30 times 15. Which line item is that?

Speaker E: This is the one.

Speaker A: It's really small. Okay, so you have 500 and we have 2000. So five 10. We have like one lot. So you are. Yeah. So zero out on that for a little bit. Hold on that.

Speaker E: Yeah, but and again earlier in our earlier meet the monthly sale was 577 units. So we are almost down by 100 units sale over a monthly spread.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Yeah we're definitely. Hold on. 30 times 15.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: And so sorry, I'm just trying to do the 18 times 28. So you have 627 and then say in the next 30 and okay. Yeah, so that should be fine. This looks fine to me. At show home do you see anything?

Speaker D: A little bit is the chickpeas variety pack. Could we build 20 to 30 more of that?

Speaker E: Yeah, Chickpeas variety pack. Let me see.

Speaker D: Yeah, right now I, when I was checking I think it was less than 128 units which is why? I'm suggesting we bump that up a little bit.

Speaker E: No, so, so that is including. So my total units is including next week's build.

Speaker D: Let me see.

Speaker E: Available is 90 now.

Speaker D: Just a second. I just added a note for that. So let me check again.

Speaker A: And the chickpeas variety pack for you show home too. I like running those very tight because shelf life and quality impact static really, really well.

Speaker D: And it's fine. So, yeah, let's not.

Speaker A: So, okay, we'll talk on it the next time if we have to put another shipment in.

Speaker E: I will say club here if I need to. Or do you want me to just keep at 30 instead of even 34 doesn't matter much.

Speaker D: 4 units.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: Whatever you decide.

Speaker E: Yeah, okay, that's fine. And I'll try to see if this is going to affect. We have like. Okay, the numbers are high, so it's good. I think it would be best to send right away. Lentils variety pack.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Question on the lentils variety pack, annab, and you probably don't have the information on hand, but we have lots of inventory of sea salt and sea salt vinegar still. Right. Like those are going to be discontinued items, but we're well into 20, 26 with inventory that we have on that item. Right?

Speaker E: Yeah. But for barbecue, my concern is I'm not sure whether we'll be entering into a new film or not. So that was my next concern.

Speaker A: Okay. So we might do. Okay. So yeah, keep me posted on when you think we might be entering the new look. And we'll have to just make sure we communicate it on the images because what we. So, so the lentil pack right now is a variety pack of all three flavors. We only, we're just, we're discontinuing sea salt vinegar and slightly sea tall sea salted lentils. They're just very slow movers. The one that we're going to hold on to is barbecue lentils. So what's going to happen here is there's just going to be a mixed bag, I guess if you call that of barbecue lentils and the rebrand and the other two there for quite some time. Once we run low on sea salt vinegar and sea salt, then we're going to disco that item and decide if we put a barbecue variety or put a barbecue item on or if we just keep lentils off Amazon altogether. So I have a bit of a strategy document started that I need to chat with my sales team on. On just sort of like sales and marketing team on just strategies for Amazon. What items need to be there. What items are we going to focus on? Because yeah, maybe it's not worth putting the barbecue on Amazon and just focusing on what's there or a different idea. So.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker E: Okay. So do you want me to hold for now or should I just. For now I can plan these Skus lentils variety pack.

Speaker A: No, I think plan is your planning. Hey, show home. They're actually selling really well for what they are.

Speaker E: Okay. I'm just, I'm just doing a quick check in terms of what my packs look like because if I am using new then probably we have to do handcut labels like you might expect two different designs. Right.

Speaker A: If you think you're being the new barbecue package.

Speaker E: I'm just checking. Just give me quick minute and I'm just doing a quick check.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Have we even packed on the line the new barbecue bundles?

Speaker E: I'm just seeing how much of old stock am I having? Am I having enough to execute it?

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, because you're only doing seven and we're gonna get pretty tight on that item. It looks like 84 available which includes your 7

Speaker E: and then we have more. So I was planning to bring. Ramp this up for next week instead of doing seven.

Speaker A: Okay. Yes, ramp that up. Yeah.

Speaker E: But let me see. Lentils variety pack C844. So to do. So let's say if. Even if I want to do 100 or 90 whatever. I need eight cases of barbecue lentil. Just mean. Let me see. Inventory wise inventory material. Lentils barbecue in Arrow. Okay. I still have the old stock. We should be good.

Speaker A: Okay. Easy peasy then. Okay. Yeah. You're pulling that volume up to next week?

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Sweet.

Speaker E: Perfect. Thanks. That's. That was helpful.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker D: Nice. Really sorry.

Speaker A: Awesome. Okay. So I. I think we kind of got through highest priority things on the creative side and on the inventory side here we did some discussion there on. We just need to think about what we're going to do about that. 30 times 15 gram. Okay. Yeah. Annabelle, you're good. I think you can jump off you on the next meeting.

Speaker C: Thank you.

Speaker E: Yeah. Bye. Bye.

Speaker A: And then I don't know showham if there was other things outside of what we chatted for today and. But I know that you, you. I saw the email there about the dashboard making sure that it's accurate and up to date. So I got to take a look at that and then just one thing I wanted to maybe just go over quick was the spend because I've had a few finance meeting where we're overspending and I just Want to see if I was going to go back into the, the dashboard to kind of take a look at that? Because when I'm doing my forecasting, I'm forecasting what the spend is. And I had her TIE Just a 15%, you know, just for a generic, like very realistic forecast without any building blocks. 15% Canada and 20% U.S. and when she came back, it's, it was lower than what we're currently spending. So she was asking for overspending right now.

Speaker D: That is correct. We are slightly overspending. In the month of October, for example, we spent 18% in Canada. And in November, the current run rate is at about 20%.

Speaker A: In Canada in November in Canada. Okay. And that percentage. So, so then my questions are there and saying, what are we overspending on and how is that impacting revenue?

Speaker D: Well, right now one of big efforts is how can we prevent the slowdown, which is what is causing us to experiment more and see if we can do something in terms of getting more impression for particular keywords and clicks as a result, which is what driving the higher spend, especially in Canada.

Speaker A: So you're saying we're spending more, but we're slowing.

Speaker D: So far, yes. We have reduced the spend, for example, on, on the 30 count too, so far. For example, in the month of.

Speaker A: Sorry, I'm just thinking here. So I have to probably spend some time in the dashboard looking at this because what we should be doing show home is so. Okay, so I hear what you're saying. So you're, you're trying to spend more to drive the growth, but you're also saying not really working and we also do not have permission to be spending more. I did not approve spending more.

Speaker D: Right.

Speaker A: So we have to be very careful of that. The other thing is time of year, there is absolute seasonality. So what I would like to do is I want to refer, I want to reference last year Amazon sales. I want to look at November and December and I want to validate if we also saw some sort of trend of something soft. Okay, you saw. Okay, good. Okay, so you did see that. So let's make sure we understand that variable because we also, I do remember was it this year, usually January to March are the overshoot times, like very good time. So I'd rather over in January, February, March and not overspend on a time that we know. Yeah, softens like, you know what I mean? I just want to make sure we're using dollars.

Speaker D: Yeah, I was just a little bit nervous that it's slowing down so quickly and If I can do something about that. And specifically the 30 count is responsible for overspend. If you look at the dashboard, you'll see November is spent 24% compared to 19% in October, 15 in September. So, yeah, that is what is happening.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So, and I, I don't like, I'm, I'm not like scaring you by saying, oh, you've overspent and you're like in big trouble. I just want to make sure that when, when we are seeing that and that's why we have these touch points. Right. That's why even these every two weeks right now, they're longer than probably, these calls are longer than they probably need to be because we operationally have a lot of moving parts with the rebrand vitamin stuff. But ideally, that sort of, that flash check in is that's what comes to the agenda and saying, hey, you know what, can I spend a little bit more money? Because we're seeing a slowdown. And then we're going to have that conversation and saying, okay, why are we seeing a slowdown? Okay, we have a new brand image. We're cannibalized on. Oh, well, frick, it's November and December last year showed that we soften here too. So then we can make those decisions and saying, okay, well, don't try to make up with it on spending dollars because now we're just throwing dollars at the wall and we know it's going to be soft. Why don't we maybe make up for it in January and like really blow January's forecast? Maybe we'll overshoot January or something like that or. So just making sure. Yeah. When we kind of see it, we just have the full discussion. Yeah. So, yeah, so with that, so you have the 15 for Canada and the 20 in the US kind of thing. That's fine. If moving through, like December, whatever we like, it's fine when we overspend, like 16, 17, but when we're moving all the way to 20, that's like a big jump right. From 15 to 20. So I will do that. So, yeah, let's just. Let me look at some of the data here too. December is likely soft. It's likely going to be soft. It shouldn't be crazy soft, like shut off, but it's likely going to be soft. And hopefully January, we have just a, we get through some of this inventory because we have like two, three months worth. So maybe January, February, we kind of come out with a really big. And I say, hey, spend the 20 in Canada in January, February, they're the best months. Right?

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: All right.

Speaker A: Okay. Promotions coming up too, on Amazon, I think you have.

Speaker C: So I was gonna say, I'm like, those all start today and tomorrow. Right. So hopefully the next couple of days will also. You know, we have four days left in November, so that is what I'm hoping. Right. Because we approved all those Black Friday sales. So some of them were the 20 off and then some of them were the lightning deal. So

Speaker A: that's good. And honestly, those are like, that's all we can do at this time of year. That's the only way we can really stand out over just everybody's focus shifting. I see it in every grocery, in everything. Like, there's not. There is seasonality to our product. It is Q1 and Q3 are like the there. If there is any seasonality, those are the times it's like, yeah. When people are healthy or back to school or traveling or whatever it is. Q2 is should remain strong, too. But November, December are always a bit of. A bit slacked. Yeah. So that's why. Because, you know, don't scaring me.

Speaker D: No, no, I'm not, I'm not. There's so many different reasons. I'm just

Speaker A: like, whoa, whoa, whoa, watch. Yeah.

Speaker B: My gosh.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker D: Yes, yes, there was.

Speaker A: Anything else?

Speaker D: So the cool cast. I have created the. We can see the first version of the forecast. So we should also take some time to review that for the next year, either on this call or the next one. Yeah.

Speaker A: Do you have it in the dashboard already? And. Sorry, I'm in my car. I'm not set up really well to. So if it's in there, I will take the time. Probably on the weekend I'll go in and look at it and then, you know, I'll either probably. I have my assumption. I don't know if you looked at it yet, Brittany. My assumption is it's likely very close to what we've already put into our budget. But if you layered in promotional assumptions.

Speaker D: I haven't.

Speaker A: Or did you put the snack mixes. Probably not. Did you make a line? You haven't. Because you. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So that's just a building block. That's going to be great. Yes. Like over and above. Right. So, yeah. So let me take a look at it. Show home and then I'll just come back to you with questions and we can. If they can't get answered with just a little bit of back and forth. We'll talk about it on the next call.

Speaker D: No problem at all.

Speaker A: Appreciate you. All right. And then show home. I think I've asked you this before and maybe you've sent it to me, but you need to give us your address.

Speaker D: Brittany has always been snack. I tasted them. I love them in especially the ranch and the cheddar. Love them. They're awesome.

Speaker C: You know what's so funny is I have not tried. I haven't sent them to myself because I feel like they're such a hot commodity right now. So now that you have them, I feel confident that maybe I can ask for some.

Speaker A: Yeah. You know what, Brittany, why don't you. When you question for the photo shoot, okay. Bag some. Have her bag one of each for you too. I think this is going to be

Speaker D: so good. Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Or Brittany, like, you're gonna be here next week for the Christmas party. You just get.

Speaker C: Yeah, Maybe I'll just get some then. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. Save the shipping.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. A meeting marathon today.

Speaker D: Yeah. Bye now.

Speaker A: Later. Have a great day.

Speaker C: Thank you, Showham.

