Transcript for: Recording__115.mp4
Title: Recording #115
============================================================

Cleaning spray. It's been doing quite well in the areas of skin care, but it's also doing quite well in just general cleaning because of its capabilities to kill viruses and things. And so what we, as we're looking at our history on our Shopify store, the issue that we're finding is we get a lot of American buyers, we don't get a lot of chicken green buyers, but we end up sending all the traffic free to our friends on the.com, but we don't get any benefits in that. So we do service obviously the Canadian customized shop on our website. But from a logistics perspective, it's become a little bit difficult the last few years in terms of actually from our warehouse. So my partner is actually right now looking to not necessarily change the model, but looking for us to maybe have this from a similar perspective on Amazon exclusively and maybe start to wind down the Shopify store, maybe use the Shopify landing page to route people to the Amazon. So we're thinking that this year we will see selling on Shopify. We'll still use the website but it'll be really to allow people to go and buy from Amazon. That's kind of the high level model that we're looking to do. But for us, you know, we want to be careful. We also, we're not trying to compete with the skincare side of this business because as you can see, the skincare does very well. We are specifically targeting general health cleaning, day to day cleaning. So we don't really have much competitors, to be honest. As you see there. The two competitors that are on there are actually American. So we feel we have a little bit of an advantage because we are Health Canada approved and so we have from the creative side of things, Made in Canada, all those visual committees. So I used to do an Amanda car myself back in the day. A lot has changed since my time and so now, you know, we are looking for somebody to try to help guide us and be a little bit more, you know, we want to be frugal like you know, we don't want to just so much money at this. And we do have specific targets we'd like to meet. But at best of a nutshell, what we'd like to do and wanted to get your thoughts maybe on what you initially saw and also just learn about your strategies. I came across your name Susie and I see you doing some of the hard work. We also are very kind of connected in the CPG community. I watch kind of a lot of we're not. So we're a little bit different. Right. Well, that's really helpful. So one of the things that you mentioned and I don't clearly understand. So what's the reason behind opening skin? Yes. If you type in hypochlorous acid in Amazon, either.com or CA, you will notice the shirt size listing. Maybe one majority of them are using this ingredient for skin care. This became a very viral ingredient a couple of years ago when the only ingredient that could successfully kill Covid was hypochlorous acid. And so as a result of that momentum in 2020, people started using it as skincare because it also has other benefits. We didn't go that route. We sell to skincare companies because the interesting part is it's the same ingredient. It's how you're marketing it. So we can market it as a skincare company, which we don't want to do, or you can market it as a cleaning company, which is what we do because the volumes are better. It's less headache skincare. You need all the marketing and this and that. But we don't have those skills. It's one ingredient that is serving two categories. Okay, I understand that now what I saw, what I think of the. For you to use brand registry on Amazon. Yes. So from a brand registry perspective. Yes. I would have all of those materials that we could submit for that. And then we also own the din. So a DIN is the drug identification number. That's how Canada perhaps. And so we would also supply that as well. Now my role in this is very unique. Up until now I was more of a distributor. The founder is now bringing me on as an owner, part owner, business partner. So all of that is now kind of between the two of us. And so including the trademark, including the den and so those things we would provide that we're uploading onto Amazon. Got it. And this gin number, as I understand it, should be on the label. So the Canadian label needs to be different. That's right, yeah. And we already have all of our labels right now if you go on our website, like all of that is with our DIN numbers, everything, nothing needs to be changed. From a labels perspective, they're all DFIA compliant. The only thing is it was listed on Amazon during COVID but you know, they didn't have the right team at the time. So it didn't do that. Well, now it is doing well. In terms of the search, the term itself, there's an interest. And also because the competitors only American for us, we do see that there is some opportunity. There's A clear gap where we can, we can fill that in. Got it. Okay. All right, so now what I thought about the products, the products in the U.S. the listings, they have many thousands of credits, all of them, but some of them do. So if we issue in Canada, That would be a, for us and I think that will help us compete against even the major brands in Canada. But that's the next question for you. You mentioned that you don't want to spend a lot of money on Amazon. So how are you thinking of launching this brand? I mean at some point we will. I just, I want to be very conservative in terms of the launch and that I've done it both ways. I've been in calls where, you know, we upload heavy PPP spend right at the beginning of the launch and then it fizzles. I'm a little bit more on the side of really utilizing the buying program today and seeing. So from an inventory perspective we have no issues in sending out free products. It helps with getting as many reviews as we possibly can to really make the listing credible. But I, you know, I want to be conservative with the ad spend because search volume is very high or when you look at it just with cleaning, very high. And we only have two or three competitors. So when I think about it from an organic search perspective, I can run multi PC and still get organic traffic. And the brand is recognized. The brand itself is recognized. So I'm not overly worried about turning it on and attack. If you look at like competitor, they do very little PPP yet they sell. I think last month they sold about 2,000 units and these are high margin items. So I want to be in the middle where it conservative ad spend. But I'm also leveraging some of that organic search that's coming in. So it is tough. It's tough. Like I don't have a true answer quite yet. That's okay. That's okay. This is a very, this has to be a very detailed discussion but I just wanted to get an overview of how. So some aspect. Not, not like nothing at all. Right. In terms of profitability. Right. Okay. So for this one, for this reason what I try to do is the first one of, the first is to do an unique economic analysis where we look at each of your products and all of the how, at what price you can sell the product and then all of the fees that Amazon charges and then try to calculate the break even margin. Then after doing this we'll know exactly for each product, how much can you spend at the beginning, how much after the third month or six months, how much you have an action plan. So this is one of the first things that we do and one of the things that you mentioned was wine program. I don't think we need. Because you already have that many use. Well, here's my question about that. So the listings that we have in the US Is our us as the name. And my US partner just got bought out by another company that is still maintaining the name. Inkspart US was bought out by Magic Molecule. Magic Molecule is selling the skincare side of the product, but they own Spark Use and there's something in the cleaning side of it. My partner has advised that for proprietary reasons, we'll put it this way, we're not going to be able to share the listing. So anything that's happening in the U.S. unfortunately, I'm not going to be able to reap any of those benefits for our listing. I'll let you think there's a way. I don't think we could leverage any of the U.S. reviews. Well, the thing is if they are allowing us to use brand registry, they cannot stop us from using registry. So if they want to stop us, they don't. They cannot. I mean they probably will not allow us. Maybe. And this is probably a little bit of a takeaway for me. There's two, there's they register through the U.S. we register through Canada. So remember, ours is things about Canada. There's a Clean Smart now. We share branding. We share and we promote them on the website and it goes to dot com. But the way that the brand was registered there is specific to Clean Smart. Ours is Clean Smart Canada. So they're actually two different brands. They were registered intentionally as two separate. Does that change anything? That does change things. So they will have to. I mean if they cooperate, it will be actually good for the overall brand because you know you can leverage the same distinct. It doesn't impact your existing list. So even if we update the content, it will be Canada specific. So we'll do that because we'll need to. But it will be Canada specific. It will not impact their content of the listing. Yeah, I just want to quickly open up because they, I mean there's some reporting factors like it is and you'll see they haven't even spent much time on the creative side of things. Right. And which is the beauty about like they sold 7,000 units last month on the two pad and there's about close to 15,000 reviews and their four gallon has about, you know, 1600 reviews. So we saw the Exact same product. In fact if they now the only difference is the labels are obviously different. Ours are CFI bilingual. That's okay. We can upload different images for the same listing in different marketplaces. So you don't need a problem. In fact, if they want, I mean if they are interested in using the same. If they can use the improver. If you are willing to share. Yeah. Here's the kicker. Like the Canadian side, the business model side of things are doing things a little bit differently. The US US is fully B2C. We have a B2B element where most of this is being sold into hospitals. But we are discussing potentially some retail. So for us the creatives is really important because it speaks to the overall operating model and where we want to take this. We also have flexibility in branding so we don't necessarily have to keep the existing branding the way it is. It's very similar to our US but we are seeing thinking if we do go to retail we are thinking of changing the labels a little bit getting. These are very old school labels. If you look at it, there's nothing creative about that. So the Canadian team is really thinking about rebranding entirely. So there may be a possibility that we will slowly start to look a little bit different from the US listing. But at the launch and if you feel it would be easier to leverage our US kind of branding then we're also very open to that and all of our inventory right now is listed. Got it. Okay. Well this is just a point and just a thing that I'm trying to discuss and if we can, this is going to be really important. So for the. And they'll have to cooperate with us a little bit so that we can figure out how. That's my only concern. It is under new ownership in the U.S. i have not met the but we will be soon so I, you know I'm hoping that they'll be flexible in that worst case scenario. The answer is no. Do you foresee any business just have to go through the regular buying program, start from scratch? Well if you start from scratch it will be slow. Then what it would be way slower. You'll be spending a lot more to rank the listing. Gather that much. I think that's a really good suggestion you've made there. So I will double diagonal that they have but I'm not entirely sure how they want to play that out. The good news is they've asked them to link the dot com question our Shopify site which we've done. We've done that as A favor. We didn't traffic back to them anyways. So maybe as a, a favor it would be. It would be more. Yeah. And. And okay, that brings me to one question. I just want to confirm. Are you using the same UPC as the US products? The UPCs are completely different. Okay. So there is no point in discussing that should have been our third question. You're right. The UPPs. No, the UPTs are completely different. And the reason, and there's a couple of reasons for that is the. We also. They do a true 500 mil. I believe we do a 473. So we, we've done it very differently. Yeah. Okay. No, then there is no question. We have to start from cracks and we have to. Okay, how do you feel about what you've seen and going through? Why and just initial uptick with this. What I see is there may be some compliance. I understand. More compliance. That's one of the challenges. And through up now we'll always have this challenge. And second thing is we need to make sure that now that we have all the flexibility on how revenue is, you know, the backside race. That. And then. There are a few things that you have been working on. Yeah, I do have a question and maybe this is where I want to understand your searches a little bit more. I mean I am on the side of having something kind of full service A to Z have the listing optimized and also the creative. I don't know if you provide creative as a service. I have looked into AI related type of agencies that could do some of the mock ups and things like that, but maybe I'll throw that back to you. Is that something that you provide? So I don't. We don't do. And what we do, we do. We can do the creative brief that this listing, we have this kind of. We have a lot of it ourselves too. So the website has some of it, but we also had a lot of it that we used for social that we're happy to recycle. And so the creative for us is really important because we want to be able to use the opportunity to really show the Canadian uniqueness of the product. And right now the other ones are all American. So. Okay. Do you, do you work with any agencies that do like that full score design or do you prefer. Well, not really with any specific agencies. I have worked with people. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes they're contractors of other clients or employees. So I'm not sure there will be. I mean if I can connect with any of them, but I can try that's one of the things you can do. Okay, okay. And from your opinion, I know this is a really hard question to ask. Just in terms of aspect for something like this, is there an amount that you would quickly suggest or newer brands launch or kind of setting the expectation for what the team should be expecting? That's a good question and that can be a tough question too. So it is. It is. You're familiar with how Amazon works and you said that you have also tried to put in a lot of money up front for the first time, few months. And that is how usually it works on Amazon, right? So when you are listing on Amazon, Amazon doesn't know your product, nobody, no customer knows your product. And because of that you don't have any organic ranking for any keywords on Amazon. If you want to show up, you have to advertise. And then when you advertise as a result, when it gets impression and, and then if customers find it relevant, they click eventually check them out, check the product out digital page view and then add it to cart and then buys the product. All of these are considered seamless. And I'm sure Amazon is not just limited to these few they have, they're collecting a lot more data. But based on all of this data, Amazon is trying to determine whether the things people are searching with if this product, if our product is relevant or not. Amazon wants to give a good customer experience. So if they see that people are finding our product relevant when they're searching for particular keywords or search terms, that to Amazon means oh, so if I show up this product on top of the search result, that's basically improving the customer experience. So because of which we definitely, definitely have to rely on ads at the beginning. Usually that is how it works. And maybe if it works out well, then maybe after the six months we can keep on reducing that. It's not like all of a sudden, let's say at the beginning your 90% of the sales first month, let's say 90% of your sales will be because of that. And then maybe it will go down slowly to 60% after the third month. So as we stop relying that much on ads, our ad spend as a percentage of the total revenue also will shrink with time. So and now I'm going to tell you a number and this is going to sound really, really bad. But at the beginning, let's say for the first three months we may end up spending on a typical launch if we really rely on ads, 60 to 70% of the revenue on ads, which is which is going to mean that. Yeah, that will. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. And then in terms of your services, is it based on a percentage of the adsense or do you have how, how are your services calculated and so your model. Right. For the setup phases set up. So listing setup or let's say I have to do one time things like ACO or help you with the ACO company, all of those stuff. There's a fee for that. And then for ad management or ongoing management, we do typically do a hybrid model. We're flexible there, but we can, we can do totally a fixed pricing or a hybrid. So for hybrid we charge, we keep the retainer low and then charge a percentage of the sales. Got it. Okay. Okay. And so I see you're managing, you're managing Swisses. Are you managing other like PPGs other? Yes. Is it primarily flu or are you another category one? Well, it's price, primarily CPGs and supplements. So anything in this world, I mean anything in the CPG world? Yeah, yeah. You may know some brands. You may know no Sugar company. They are also in, in Mississauga actually. Yeah, I know those. Sugar. Yeah, yeah, yeah, no sugar. What's his name? God. He also went or did he sell it? Slim Creek? Oh, no, I'm thinking somebody else. I'm thinking of the guy that sell Joy Burst. Oh, Joy Burst. Yeah. Joy Burst is also something I'm managing Slim Week. Crossfield is not that big online, but that is also weakly. And then three farmers. You may know three farmers in Saskatchewan. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. And. And is it only Amazon or are you doing other channels? Walmart. So far it's primarily Amazon. And Instacart is something I have recently started doing. My recent day. It's been a while. It's been about six or seven months. Yeah. But Instacart is really good for retail. If you want to boost, if you want to boost, let's say in store velocity, especially when a brand is launching towards the, in the, in the new stores. Yeah, it's really effective. But then I mean practically speaking you have to measure effectiveness with other ways of marketing products, for example, demos. Right. But Instacart compares quite well. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. This is really helpful. Did you have any other questions for me or. Well, what. I do have more questions. So in terms of, you know, number of products that we need to handle and then we need to talk about the next steps. What should we do after this meeting? Yeah, so those are the things I'd like to talk about. So right now you Know, we looked at the kind of unit economics because we find that things, and that's probably why our US French are doing it, is that it just makes it more cost effective for us to go with a two pack or a 500ml spray. So there'll be two packs and then we would want to sell the gallon and the gallon, really the purpose of the 4 gallon is to act as a resale and that would be your bulk. So in theory, it's two listings. It's the two pack and the four liter. We could down the road introduce smaller. We have some discussion. Our US partners right now, they sell, I believe, a 10 mil to female. It's compliant to take in the airport. And so we have the opportunity later to introduce some smaller sizes we want to first test because these are the ones that we see at least with a US Rent, where there's more traffic and more interest in a two pack. And then a four gallon. On our retail side, it depends on what the retailer wants. So we don't, you know, I know that's not really a factor for ensemble, but we, our production line can go as low as 10 mil all the way up to and barrels. So really for us, it's testing Amazon to see what people are preferring if they want. Maybe they want something bigger than a 5 mil toothpaste. We don't know quite yet. But these are what we want to start with. Okay, so that is different sizes and in terms of, you know, original pants, you. How many that would be. I mean, I said that those are the different pack sizes, but in terms of original, I mean the parent skus. How many that would be. How many parent skus? Yeah, well, when you say the parent skus would really be just the single. The 500 mil is your main. Is your main sku, if you will. Okay. And we would be selling those in a bundle. Got it. Just one. Just one product. Literally. Got it. Okay. And then the 4 gallon is the bigger, the bigger. Okay. Yeah, understood, understood. So for SEO, copy and content purposes, I'll treat that as just one product. And so. Right. So in terms of the next steps, I gave you three initial steps that we need to take care of even before we talk about launching products on Amazon in terms of ads and all. So how would you like to go ahead with those three products? Or is that something that you're considering to do right now or is there something that you want to do down the line very much? Oh, I'm, I was asking in terms of executing on the next steps. Is there something that you want to do right now or is there something you're thinking of doing down the line? It definitely down the line because we are just in the middle of the transition. And so right now, because the US side was purchased by another company, we're trying to sort out the Canadian side as well. So the Canadian side is going through some ownership changes and so I'll be kind of leading that process. So I don't think it's going to happen right now. So this is really an initial perspective for me to kind of take back to the team and say this is the game plan. A large part of the reason why the Canadian side hasn't gone with the Amazon route. For those obvious reasons. They can also the 60%, the margins. And so from the production perspective, we want to just reassess our cog. We want to make sure that is it worth it for us. So we still have to do that level of analysis. The reason why we haven't landed yet is our material costs have gone up a little bit in the last few weeks, as you can imagine. And so we are doing that now. And once we know the numbers will make that determination, our U.S. side, they the bottles and all the stuff that they purchase, they own the full supply chain. We don't. And so that's why their costs are a lot lower than ours. We import most of our stuff from the US so that there's also a disadvantage from that side of things. So we still need to calculate through our margin. We want to make sure it makes sense, sense to go on, end with on. And so I would suspect maybe within the next three months we should know better. Got it. Okay, sounds good. Just want to know about the timeline. All right. Is there something else that you want to ask me or discuss? No, I think, I think for the most part you've answered everything. Yeah. It would have been nice if we could have leveraged the US reviews. That certainly would have kick started a law trip. I know because it's a different upc, but no, I think you've answered everything. I will. I'm still kind of working this through so once I get a little bit more information I will message you and give you an update. But I suspect within the next three months. So you know what, let's say a few months. Would you say like April May? Is that something are you looking at? I think so. I think by then, yeah. All right. All right. So I will look forward to talking to you in, in the next few months then and get started. Yeah. Okay. Okay, well, really nice speaking with you. Thank you so much. Yeah, thank you so much. Take care. Bye now. Okay. Have a good day. You, too.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Cleaning spray. It's been doing quite well in the areas of skin care, but it's also doing quite well in just general cleaning because of its capabilities to kill viruses and things. And so what we, as we're looking at our history on our Shopify store, the issue that we're finding is we get a lot of American buyers, we don't get a lot of chicken green buyers, but we end up sending all the traffic free to our friends on the.com, but we don't get any benefits in that.

Speaker B: So

Speaker A: we do service obviously the Canadian customized shop on our website. But from a logistics perspective, it's become a little bit difficult the last few years in terms of actually from our warehouse. So my partner is actually right now looking to not necessarily change the model, but looking for us to maybe have this from a similar perspective on Amazon exclusively and maybe start to wind down the Shopify store, maybe use the Shopify landing page to route people to the Amazon. So we're thinking that this year we will see selling on Shopify. We'll still use the website but it'll be really to allow people to go and buy from Amazon. That's kind of the high level model that we're looking to do. But for us, you know, we want to be careful. We also, we're not trying to compete with the skincare side of this business because as you can see, the skincare does very well. We are specifically targeting general health cleaning, day to day cleaning. So we don't really have much competitors, to be honest. As you see there. The two competitors that are on there are actually American. So we feel we have a little bit of an advantage because we are Health Canada approved and so we have from the creative side of things, Made in Canada, all those visual committees. So I used to do an Amanda car myself back in the day. A lot has changed since my time and so now, you know, we are looking for somebody to try to help guide us and be a little bit more, you know, we want to be frugal like you know, we don't want to just so much money at this. And we do have specific targets we'd like to meet. But at best of a nutshell, what we'd like to do and wanted to get your thoughts maybe on what you initially saw and also just learn about your strategies. I came across your name Susie and I see you doing some of the hard work. We also are very kind of connected in the CPG community. I watch kind of a lot of we're not. So we're a little bit different.

Speaker B: Right. Well, that's really helpful. So one of the things that you mentioned and I don't clearly understand. So what's the reason behind opening skin?

Speaker A: Yes. If you type in hypochlorous acid in Amazon, either.com or CA, you will notice the shirt size listing. Maybe one majority of them are using this ingredient for skin care. This became a very viral ingredient a couple of years ago when the only ingredient that could successfully kill Covid was hypochlorous acid. And so as a result of that momentum in 2020, people started using it as skincare because it also has other benefits. We didn't go that route. We sell to skincare companies because the interesting part is it's the same ingredient. It's how you're marketing it. So we can market it as a skincare company, which we don't want to do, or you can market it as a cleaning company, which is what we do because the volumes are better. It's less headache skincare. You need all the marketing and this and that. But we don't have those skills. It's one ingredient that is serving two categories.

Speaker B: Okay, I understand that

Speaker A: now what I

Speaker B: saw, what I think of the. For you to use brand registry on Amazon.

Speaker A: Yes. So from a brand registry perspective. Yes. I would have all of those materials that we could submit for that. And then we also own the din. So a DIN is the drug identification number. That's how Canada perhaps. And so we would also supply that as well. Now my role in this is very unique. Up until now I was more of a distributor. The founder is now bringing me on as an owner, part owner, business partner. So all of that is now kind of between the two of us. And so including the trademark, including the den and so those things we would provide that we're uploading onto Amazon.

Speaker B: Got it. And this gin number, as I understand it, should be on the label. So the Canadian label needs to be different.

Speaker A: That's right, yeah. And we already have all of our labels right now if you go on our website, like all of that is with our DIN numbers, everything, nothing needs to be changed. From a labels perspective, they're all DFIA compliant. The only thing is it was listed on Amazon during COVID but you know, they didn't have the right team at the time. So it didn't do that. Well, now it is doing well. In terms of the search, the term itself, there's an interest. And also because the competitors only American for us, we do see that there is some opportunity. There's A clear gap where we can, we can fill that in.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. All right, so now what I thought about the products, the products in the U.S. the listings, they have many thousands of

Speaker A: credits,

Speaker B: all of them, but some of them do. So if we issue in Canada, That would be a, for us and I think that will help us compete against even the major brands in Canada. But that's the next question for you. You mentioned that you don't want to spend a lot of money on Amazon. So how are you thinking of launching this brand?

Speaker A: I mean at some point we will. I just, I want to be very conservative in terms of the launch and that I've done it both ways. I've been in calls where, you know, we upload heavy PPP spend right at the beginning of the launch and then it fizzles. I'm a little bit more on the side of really utilizing the buying program today and seeing. So from an inventory perspective we have no issues in sending out free products. It helps with getting as many reviews as we possibly can to really make the listing credible. But I, you know, I want to be conservative with the ad spend because search volume is very high or when you look at it just with cleaning, very high. And we only have two or three competitors. So when I think about it from an organic search perspective, I can run multi PC and still get organic traffic. And the brand is recognized. The brand itself is recognized. So I'm not overly worried about turning it on and attack. If you look at like competitor, they do very little PPP yet they sell. I think last month they sold about 2,000 units and these are high margin items. So I want to be in the middle where it conservative ad spend. But I'm also leveraging some of that organic search that's coming in. So it is tough. It's tough. Like I don't have a true answer quite yet.

Speaker B: That's okay. That's okay. This is a very, this has to be a very detailed discussion but I just wanted to get an overview of how. So some aspect. Not, not like nothing at all. Right. In terms of profitability. Right.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So for this one, for this reason what I try to do is the first one of, the first is to do an unique economic analysis where we look at each of your products and all of the how, at what price you can sell the product and then all of the fees that Amazon charges and then try to calculate the break even margin.

Speaker A: Then

Speaker B: after doing this we'll know exactly for each product, how much can you

Speaker A: spend

Speaker B: at the beginning, how much after the third month or six months, how much you have an action plan. So this is one of the first things that we do and one of the things that you mentioned was wine program. I don't think we need. Because you already have that many use.

Speaker A: Well, here's my question about that. So the listings that we have in the US Is our us as the name. And my US partner just got bought out by another company that is still maintaining the name. Inkspart US was bought out by Magic Molecule. Magic Molecule is selling the skincare side of the product, but they own Spark Use and there's something in the cleaning side of it. My partner has advised that for proprietary reasons, we'll put it this way, we're not going to be able to share the listing. So anything that's happening in the U.S. unfortunately, I'm not going to be able to reap any of those benefits for our listing. I'll let you think there's a way. I don't think we could leverage any of the U.S. reviews.

Speaker B: Well, the thing is if they are allowing us to use brand registry, they cannot stop us from using registry. So if they want to stop us, they don't. They cannot. I mean they probably will not allow us.

Speaker A: Maybe. And this is probably a little bit of a takeaway for me. There's two, there's they register through the U.S. we register through Canada. So remember, ours is things about Canada. There's a Clean Smart now. We share branding. We share and we promote them on the website and it goes to dot com. But the way that the brand was registered there is specific to Clean Smart. Ours is Clean Smart Canada. So they're actually two different brands. They were registered intentionally as two separate. Does that change anything?

Speaker B: That does change things. So they will have to. I mean if they cooperate, it will be actually good for the overall brand because you know you can leverage the same distinct.

Speaker A: It doesn't impact your existing list.

Speaker B: So even if we update the content, it will be Canada specific. So we'll do that because we'll need to. But it will be Canada specific. It will not impact their content of the listing.

Speaker A: Yeah, I just want to quickly open up because they, I mean there's some reporting factors like it is and you'll see they haven't even spent much time on the creative side of things. Right. And which is the beauty about like they sold 7,000 units last month on the two pad and there's about close to 15,000 reviews and their four gallon has about, you know, 1600 reviews. So we saw the Exact same product. In fact if they now the only difference is the labels are obviously different. Ours are CFI bilingual.

Speaker B: That's okay. We can upload different images for the same listing in different marketplaces. So you don't need a problem. In fact, if they want, I mean if they are interested in using the same. If they can use the improver. If you are willing to share.

Speaker A: Yeah. Here's the kicker. Like the Canadian side, the business model side of things are doing things a little bit differently. The US US is fully B2C. We have a B2B element where most of this is being sold into hospitals. But we are discussing potentially some retail. So for us the creatives is really important because it speaks to the overall operating model and where we want to take this. We also have flexibility in branding so we don't necessarily have to keep the existing branding the way it is. It's very similar to our US but we are seeing thinking if we do go to retail we are thinking of changing the labels a little bit getting. These are very old school labels. If you look at it, there's nothing creative about that. So the Canadian team is really thinking about rebranding entirely. So there may be a possibility that we will slowly start to look a little bit different from the US listing. But at the launch and if you feel it would be easier to leverage our US kind of branding then we're also very open to that and all of our inventory right now is listed.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Well this is just a point and just a thing that I'm trying to discuss and if we can, this is going to be really important. So for the. And they'll have to cooperate with us a little bit so that we can figure out how.

Speaker A: That's my only concern. It is under new ownership in the U.S. i have not met the but we will be soon so I, you know I'm hoping that they'll be flexible in that worst case scenario. The answer is no. Do you foresee any business just have to go through the regular buying program, start from scratch?

Speaker B: Well if you start from scratch it will be slow. Then what it would be way slower. You'll be spending a lot more to rank the listing. Gather that much.

Speaker A: I think that's a really good suggestion you've made there. So I will double diagonal that they have but I'm not entirely sure how they want to play that out. The good news is they've asked them to link the dot com question our Shopify site which we've done. We've done that as A favor. We didn't traffic back to them anyways. So maybe as a, a favor it would be. It would be more. Yeah. And.

Speaker B: And okay, that brings me to one question. I just want to confirm. Are you using the same UPC as the US products?

Speaker A: The UPCs are completely different. Okay.

Speaker B: So there is no point in discussing

Speaker A: that should have been our third question. You're right. The UPPs. No, the UPTs are completely different. And the reason, and there's a couple of reasons for that is the. We also. They do a true 500 mil. I believe we do a 473. So we, we've done it very differently. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: No, then there is no question. We have to start from cracks and we have to.

Speaker A: Okay, how do you feel about what you've seen and going through? Why and just initial uptick with this.

Speaker B: What I see is there may be some compliance. I understand. More compliance. That's one of the challenges. And through up now we'll always have this challenge. And second thing is we need to make sure that now that we have all the flexibility on how revenue is, you know, the backside race. That.

Speaker A: And then.

Speaker B: There are a few things that

Speaker A: you have

Speaker B: been working on.

Speaker A: Yeah, I do have a question and maybe this is where I want to understand your searches a little bit more. I mean I am on the side of having something kind of full service A to Z have the listing optimized and also the creative. I don't know if you provide creative as a service. I have looked into AI related type of agencies that could do some of the mock ups and things like that, but maybe I'll throw that back to you. Is that something that you provide?

Speaker B: So I don't. We don't do. And what we do, we do. We can do the creative brief that this listing, we have this kind of.

Speaker A: We have a lot of it ourselves too. So the website has some of it, but we also had a lot of it that we used for social that we're happy to recycle. And so the creative for us is really important because we want to be able to use the opportunity to really show the Canadian uniqueness of the product. And right now the other ones are all American. So. Okay. Do you, do you work with any agencies that do like that full score design or do you prefer.

Speaker B: Well, not really with any specific agencies. I have worked with people.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. Sometimes they're contractors of other clients or employees. So I'm not sure there will be. I mean if I can connect with any of them, but I can try that's one of the things you can do.

Speaker A: Okay, okay. And from your opinion, I know this is a really hard question to ask. Just in terms of aspect for something like this, is there an amount that you would quickly suggest or newer brands launch or kind of setting the expectation for what the team should be expecting?

Speaker B: That's a good question and that can be a tough question too. So it is.

Speaker A: It is.

Speaker B: You're familiar with how Amazon works and you said that you have also tried to put in a lot of money up front for the first time, few months. And that is how usually it works on Amazon, right? So when you are listing on Amazon, Amazon doesn't know your product, nobody, no customer knows your product. And because of that you don't have any organic ranking for any keywords on Amazon. If you want to show up, you have to advertise. And then when you advertise as a result, when it gets impression and, and then if customers find it relevant, they click eventually check them out, check the product out digital page view and then add it to cart and then buys the product. All of these are considered seamless. And I'm sure Amazon is not just limited to these few they have, they're collecting a lot more data. But based on all of this data, Amazon is trying to determine whether the things people are searching with if this product, if our product is relevant or not. Amazon wants to give a good customer experience. So if they see that people are finding our product relevant when they're searching for particular keywords or search terms, that to Amazon means oh, so if I show up this product on top of the search result, that's basically improving the customer experience. So because of which we definitely, definitely have to rely on ads at the beginning. Usually that is how it works. And maybe if it works out well, then maybe after the six months we can keep on reducing that. It's not like all of a sudden, let's say at the beginning your 90% of the sales first month, let's say 90% of your sales will be because of that. And then maybe it will go down slowly to 60% after the third month. So as we stop relying that much on ads, our ad spend as a percentage of the total revenue also will shrink with time. So and now I'm going to tell you a number and this is going to sound really, really bad. But at the beginning, let's say for the first three months we may end up spending on a typical launch if we really rely on ads, 60 to 70% of the revenue on ads, which is which is going to mean that. Yeah, that will.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. And then in terms of your services, is it based on a percentage of the adsense or do you have how, how are your services calculated and so your model.

Speaker B: Right. For the setup phases set up. So listing setup or let's say I have to do one time things like ACO or help you with the ACO company, all of those stuff. There's a fee for that. And then for ad management or ongoing management, we do typically do a hybrid model. We're flexible there, but we can, we can do totally a fixed pricing or a hybrid. So for hybrid we charge, we keep the retainer low and then charge a percentage of the sales.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay. Okay. And so I see you're managing, you're managing Swisses. Are you managing other like PPGs other? Yes. Is it primarily flu or are you another category one?

Speaker B: Well, it's price, primarily CPGs and supplements. So anything in this world, I mean anything in the CPG world?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: You may know some brands. You may know no Sugar company. They are also in, in Mississauga actually.

Speaker A: Yeah, I know those. Sugar. Yeah, yeah, yeah, no sugar. What's his name? God. He also went or did he sell it? Slim Creek? Oh, no, I'm thinking somebody else. I'm thinking of the guy that sell Joy Burst.

Speaker B: Oh, Joy Burst.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Joy Burst is also something I'm managing Slim Week. Crossfield is not that big online, but that is also weakly. And then three farmers. You may know three farmers in Saskatchewan.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. And. And is it only Amazon or are you doing other channels? Walmart.

Speaker B: So far it's primarily Amazon. And Instacart is something I have recently started doing. My recent day. It's been a while. It's been about six or seven months. Yeah. But Instacart is really good for retail. If you want to boost, if you want to boost, let's say in store velocity, especially when a brand is launching towards the, in the, in the new stores. Yeah, it's really effective. But then I mean practically speaking you have to measure effectiveness with other ways of marketing products, for example, demos.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: But Instacart compares quite well.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. This is really helpful. Did you have any other questions for me or. Well, what.

Speaker B: I do have more questions. So in terms of, you know, number of products that we need to handle and then we need to talk about the next steps. What should we do after this meeting? Yeah, so those are the things I'd like to talk about.

Speaker A: So right now you Know, we looked at the kind of unit economics because we find that things, and that's probably why our US French are doing it, is that it just makes it more cost effective for us to go with a two pack or a 500ml spray. So there'll be two packs and then we would want to sell the gallon and the gallon, really the purpose of the 4 gallon is to act as a resale and that would be your bulk. So in theory, it's two listings. It's the two pack and the four liter. We could down the road introduce smaller. We have some discussion. Our US partners right now, they sell, I believe, a 10 mil to female. It's compliant to take in the airport. And so we have the opportunity later to introduce some smaller sizes we want to first test because these are the ones that we see at least with a US Rent, where there's more traffic and more interest in a two pack. And then a four gallon. On our retail side, it depends on what the retailer wants. So we don't, you know, I know that's not really a factor for ensemble, but we, our production line can go as low as 10 mil all the way up to and barrels. So really for us, it's testing Amazon to see what people are preferring if they want. Maybe they want something bigger than a 5 mil toothpaste. We don't know quite yet. But these are what we want to start with.

Speaker B: Okay, so that is different sizes and in terms of, you know, original pants, you. How many that would be. I mean, I said that those are the different pack sizes, but in terms of original, I mean the parent skus. How many that would be.

Speaker A: How many parent skus?

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker A: well, when you say the parent skus would really be just the single. The 500 mil is your main. Is your main sku, if you will. Okay. And we would be selling those in a bundle.

Speaker B: Got it. Just one. Just one product. Literally. Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: And then the 4 gallon is the bigger, the bigger. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, understood, understood. So for SEO, copy and content purposes, I'll treat that as just one product.

Speaker A: And so.

Speaker B: Right. So in terms of the next steps, I gave you three initial steps that we need to take care of even before we talk about launching products on Amazon in terms of ads and all. So how would you like to go ahead with those three products? Or is that something that you're considering to do right now or is there something that you want to do down

Speaker A: the line very much?

Speaker B: Oh, I'm, I was asking in terms of executing on the next steps. Is there something that you want to do right now or is there something you're thinking of doing down the line?

Speaker A: It definitely down the line because we are just in the middle of the transition. And so right now, because the US side was purchased by another company, we're trying to sort out the Canadian side as well. So the Canadian side is going through some ownership changes and so I'll be kind of leading that process. So I don't think it's going to happen right now. So this is really an initial perspective for me to kind of take back to the team and say this is the game plan. A large part of the reason why the Canadian side hasn't gone with the Amazon route. For those obvious reasons. They can also the 60%, the margins. And so from the production perspective, we want to just reassess our cog. We want to make sure that is it worth it for us. So we still have to do that level of analysis. The reason why we haven't landed yet is our material costs have gone up a little bit in the last few weeks, as you can imagine. And so we are doing that now. And once we know the numbers will make that determination, our U.S. side, they the bottles and all the stuff that they purchase, they own the full supply chain. We don't. And so that's why their costs are a lot lower than ours. We import most of our stuff from the US so that there's also a disadvantage from that side of things. So we still need to calculate through our margin. We want to make sure it makes sense, sense to go on, end with on. And so I would suspect maybe within the next three months we should know better.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay, sounds good. Just want to know about the timeline. All right. Is there something else that you want to ask me or discuss?

Speaker A: No, I think, I think for the most part you've answered everything. Yeah. It would have been nice if we could have leveraged the US reviews. That certainly would have kick started a law trip. I know because it's a different upc, but no, I think you've answered everything. I will. I'm still kind of working this through so once I get a little bit more information I will message you and give you an update. But I suspect within the next three months.

Speaker B: So you know what, let's say a few months. Would you say like April May? Is that something are you looking at?

Speaker A: I think so. I think by then, yeah.

Speaker B: All right. All right. So I will look forward to talking to you in, in the next few months then and get started.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay, well, really nice speaking with you. Thank you so much.

Speaker B: Yeah, thank you so much. Take care. Bye now.

Speaker A: Okay. Have a good day.

Speaker B: You, too.

