Transcript for: Recording__246.mp4
Title: Recording #246
============================================================

The roas that you see here is just from the ads and within the attribution window of 7 to 14 days depending on the type of advertisement out of the three. Now here what they're talking about is they are Talking about adjusted ROAs or net ROAs also contribution margin ROAs. There are so many things, I'm also not clear about all three of those, how they calculated all three, but I'll give you the concept of it and we know what we need to develop so we don't need to follow exactly what they have done. The concept is this. The concept is that we discuss that there may be repeat purchases, right. Once we acquire new to brand customers, there may be repeat purchases down the line within 12 month period. And what happens if that happens? We went over the acquisition cost and the retention cost of the new to brand customers, those metrics in the last video. Right now here what you have to do is you'll have to calculate the actual roas after all these repeat purchases based on the cost of acquisition and the retention cost. That's what he is talking about because he. They can have that kind of access through, through amc. These data is repeat purchase behavior is only available through amc. So they are getting it through AMC because they can access this kind of data. They can calculate how much the adjusted ROAS is because of these purchases. Sorry, because of this repeat purchases and the retentions. So if they can do that, the ROAS that we see on the ad console here is going to be probably, hopefully significantly less or at least somewhat less than the adjusted ROAS here after taking into calculation the retention and the repeat purchases. So if that happens, we may be able to identify new opportunities. Okay, so here the actual adjusted roas is way higher than the roas that we are getting to see on ad console. That means it's an effective way of acquiring new customers. So that means we can afford to spend even more money on those campaigns and get more new customers who are going to give us even more revenue down the line. That's the goal of it. Okay. Is that okay? Yeah. All right, so now let me again share this thing so that you can hear the sound, You know, so contribution margin will knock down your mediaroas. Repeat purchase rate will knock it back up a little bit. And that gives you kind of a different perspective. So when you've got multiple different products on your platform in your portfolio, you're able to make better investment decisions based on, hey, am I making money here or am I losing money? That makes sense, right? Yeah, it does. Yeah. And these, all these are fully customizable. So, you know, we didn't try to go and build a perfect dashboard, but instead show what's possible, you know. And so here you got more product level breakdown where you're taking that roas and adjusted Roas and comparing it between products. Right? Okay. So that's where that roas is more useful. You're like, oh, man. Like, here I've got a 1.42 ROAS, you know, here I've got a 0.8. Even though boxing someone new, I could have one. So things like that. And you can look at performance by day and that's still highly aggregated. So you'll notice you have your brand within here or you have your revenue coming as well, as well as your ad spend. So we can toggle now to more campaign level data. And this is looking to aggregate all your campaigns in one place. So how am I spending? Where am I spending? Sponsored product, Sponsored brand, Sponsored brand video, sponsored display. Right. And I'm able to look at my cost per unit brand across all of these campaigns. And the way that we do that is because we pull data from Amazon Marketing Cloud. I'm not sure if you've heard Amazon Market. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So instead of just creating a dashboard for Amazon Marketing Cloud, which we have also, we're pulling in the data and merging it in the way that you need to see it. I'm so sorry. So okay, here, are you pulling all this data only from Amazon Marketing Cloud or are you also doing it from other APIs that Amazon has? Pulling it from Amazon Ads. We're merging and augmenting the data points like Amazon Ads does not have new to brand orders for sponsored products. But you see that we're putting that number that comes from our Amazon Marketing Cloud dashboard. So, yeah, these are all Amazon Ads reports, the sponsored product reports, your search term reports, and all that kind of stuff. Okay. And then we're able to show you by day how much you're spending and you can break down by campaign. So you can look at, hey, I just want to look at my sponsored product campaigns. Right. So now I'm only looking at sponsored product campaign, and then you can look at specific campaigns as well. So here are all the campaigns within my spot product campaigns. I could look at each one individually. And the idea is you want to see how they're performing from a trended standpoint. You can take easy screenshots, you can look at it by day, by week. You can control how many records you're looking at. And then what you have here is a campaign level breakdown where you can look at your top 10 campaigns or your top 20 campaigns. You can sort them by spend or any of those metrics. But again, we're augmenting those because you've got your adjusted roas, you've got your new to brand. So you simply don't have that kind of reporting on the camping management platform. And this way it avoids you having to download stuff. All this is either in the UI but it's also in the database. You can connect directly. Got it. Using Excel or Google Sheet. You can use Google Sheet Excel to connect directly to the data table and play with the data set the way that you want to. If you have more of an analytics mindset and you want to be. Don't want to be limited by these views. Right. Okay, if I stop you here and clarify a few things, is that okay? Yeah, of course. Okay, so here you mean the new to brand order data. You are also getting this for sponsored product campaigns. Yeah. Okay. We can build a brand from Amazon marketing cloud products, typically campaign manager and Amazon doesn't release that. It's just sponsored brands and sponsored display. Yeah, yeah. And you mentioned that you are pulling the data from both AMC and also adapi. So what is the necessity to combine both of them? Can we not get these campaign data already from amc? So what is the necessity of combining? The problem is that AMC is not going to have all these metrics. It does not have through acp. Like it does not have the same granularity of recording. AMC has been designed for other purposes. Journey mapping, segmenting between new brand and returning customers. You know, the media driven LTV and aov. So you have to kind of start blending both of them. Let me show you. I mean here's the AMC dashboard here. So this is just amc. So yes, I still have my campaign types and I can filter on campaign name, no problem. But you'll notice it's got new brand users, new brand revenue purchases. You don't see a lot of the metrics that you see in a granular ad report. So that's why kind of by blending it together, let me change to a weekly view. So it's a little less jumpy. But what you're seeing here is, hey, how many of my conversions are new to brand versus returning? And I can go again and just look at for example sponsored product campaigns, where I could look at DSP campaigns or sponsored video. So here, for example, 67%. Karen. I think we can move forward a little bit because These are of course relevant, but I'm just playing it with you here. I don't think we are. Also, we took anything from here until now. I think I'm just checking the scope of work right now, so maybe I'll move forward a little bit. Let's see where they are talking about those. Well, looks like they're talking about repeat purchase already. I don't need this either. What is this on how you want to. I think this is it. Yes, we should talk about this. We should listen to this sense of what that looks like. And again, what we do with this, we're able to look at that LTV then life flow as a 25 negative contribution margin. It did go out of stock at some point, but we also. I think it's got some decent spend against that. Okay, let me check that because I did decrease spend there, but yeah, and I'm looking at last quarter, by the way, so. Oh, no, that's last month. That was last month, yeah. Data refreshes daily, by the way. And then what we have here is a cohort. So we're able to look at your revenue. Is it coming from you versus repeat? Let me switch to weekly so you get a better sense of how that looks like. And again, what we do with this, we're able to look at that ltv. So how many new brands came in and how does the LTV look like? You know, over 30, 60, 90 days. And we bring that into your media ROAS, essentially looking at your retention rate, repeat interest rate. Can you, can you explain a little bit? Like I see how you are, how you are calculating the, I mean the, from the retention rate, how, how the repeat purchase behavior and the corresponding revenue looks like. But then also you're mentioning that with these, you actually calculate something called an adjusted roas. How does that process look like? Yeah, so we take your media roas, we multiply that by the contribution. Because if you think about media roas is attributed revenue divided by ad spend and it's assuming that the revenue is not. It has not been adjusted for your profitability on that revenue. So we're saying. Wait a second, when you're comparing different products, they don't all have the same profitability. Right? Some have higher cogs than others. So we multiply your, your media roas by a contribution margin percentage. So now you're looking at not media roas, but media media contribution margin. Right. And then if you multiply that by your repeat purchase rate, let's say on average a customer buys six times this product in a 12 month period, you know, we can say if you want to look at your, your raw 12 month period, we'll multiply by how many times they're purchasing the product. Right. So usually it's like 1.6, 1.8. It really depends on the product categories. And what that means now is we're taking into account the future value as well of that customer acquisition. Future value of customer acquisition. How is that? Yeah, because now we know on average a customer, a new customer, will buy the product four or five times. Got it. Okay. Yeah, makes sense. Of course, as I walk you through that, you know, we have to take it further because if for example, 80% of your spend is going on Unibrand, as you saw In AMC dashboard, 20%, those are returning, then we could apply that kind of ratio because you're still reinvesting and returning customers to a certain degree. But the reality is that you're not just spending all your money on you. So there's a number of ways that we can take those dynamics into account as well. Right. Kerry here. I think I also asked about the adjusted ROAS thing, so they responded. So looks like even if we need to figure this out, we can figure it out. I figure out what they said there. Now we are still talking about all these things. Intention rate and then ltv. I think let me actually. Oh, they had that option. Okay, let me share my scope of work section right now. I didn't know that it's possible. Can you see this now? See this tab? Yep, I can see it. Okay, so you see these screenshots here? They are actually what you already saw on the same tab that we are discussing right now on the video. The first one is something that you also saw on the last video is the, the cohort for every month. They have just assigned the dollar value for every month thereafter for every cohort. So December 20, 2021 cohort, they have the cohort size is this and then month 0, month 1 to month 14, they have assigned the dollar value for each month. How it has kept on increasing. That's what they have done here. Basically it's the month over month retention trend here. Then you can also see this. This is also something we have kind of done already. So what is it doing here? It's, it's basically they have here it was LTV from the LTV perspective here it's kind of from the revenue and number of orders perspective. And also they have included the ltv. So basically all these data they can see here. You can also see Here it is more expanded. You can see nothing else. And this one is same thing. It's calculating the retention rate. And again the 30 days LTV is 6 days LTV, 120 days LTV. So LTVs across different time frames. Nothing else there. And this is what we could see right now. This is what this is doing is it's just categorizing the products based on which ones are acquiring the most number of new to brand customers. And then repeat purchases. Which products are bringing in most repeat purchases. Which products has the most average order value and lifetime value. So are you familiar with the matrix average order value, by the way? Probably not. I, I will assume you're probably not, but I'll still ask, are you? I'm not familiar. You are. I do have. No, I'm not familiar. Okay. But I, I think I have based on the name itself. I think I have. And understanding. But if you can. Yeah, sure, sure I can. Definitely. Average order is very simple. Like you're saying it's basically how much a customer on average. The customers on average are ordering per order. And that's, that's basically all. So you calculate the total revenue divided with the total number of orders and then, and then that's it. That's average order value of your customers. Now companies want to be able to measure this, not just the total. They don't want to do this on the, doing it on the total revenue gives you a like overall view. But then here they're breaking it down by the products. What it does is, it's, you can say in a way increasing average order value helps you increase profitability of the company. So why is that? Because you see if you can, let's say you are ordering one item that is $20, right? And then if you sell a product on Amazon, there are fees. For example, Amazon will take 15% of the $21 as a referral fee. Then you have to pay for shipping and handling. Then you have to pay for storage cost. That's there advertisement is there, right? Storage cost is not that huge. So three main expenses are Amazon's referral fee, which is 15% in most cases, then shipping and handling, and then advertisement. These three are the most important expenses, huge expenses. So now what happens is if a person, customer purchases just $20 worth of product, just one product to acquire the customer. First of all we have to spend money to acquire the new customer. And then second thing is shipping and handling. Even though they're, let's say we need to pay $5 for shipping and Handling. Right. So that's a fixed cost kind of fixed cost, not always fixed. Right now what happens is let's say that customer bought a second item that is also maybe another $20 worth, $40. So now we have to ship both of those in the same box together right at the same time and we'll probably be paying a little bit more than $5, let's say $6, but it's not going to be doubled to $10. And also another thing is advertisement cost. It's also not going to be doubled probably, hopefully. So what happens is all these expenses. So expense percentage of the total revenue that you brought in. In these two cases, the expense ratio, the percentage of expense is going to be lower for the $40 worth of order compared to $20 worth of order. So it becomes more profitable for the company to sell more in one single order. So that's why companies want to track average order value and they want to increase average order value. I hope this gives you some idea. Yep, that good. Okay, so you already saw these two in the video. I took a lot of screenshots for from that one single tab because that was important. And then let's, let's keep on watching. The others were not there, so let's keep on watching. Tell me if you can hear the sound. By the way, one question is good, right? Okay. And that I will have here is. Okay, so we are spending to acquire a new customer. First let's say we have shown three types of advertisement to first get some impression. Maybe they have seen our ads once in a while and then we ultimately next month they bought it for the first time. That's how we acquired the new customer. Now we are, I mean next time maybe they're not going to see our ads. Instead they're going to purchase it in organically. Maybe they are already familiar, they go to the link and buy it. So will that be attributed to amc? Yeah. So within Amazon marketing cloud, first of all there's a 30 day attribution window on a click. So unlike the ad reports where you have a 7 or 14, you have a, a better vantage window of hey, they clicked, they didn't buy. But eventually they came back to organic and purchased. We would have that visibility and actually here's what that looks like. So here are a bunch of campaigns. Let me, let me transition to a one touch campaign. This is all the touches that are leading towards how many path occurrence and how many conversions you know before he switches the setting. Let me tell you a little bit about this one here Although I'm not sure if I have included this in our scope of work. Let me check. We have. I have, I have. For some purpose. I will describe that. So here in the fifth one you will see Customer Journey overview. I have actually included this here. Now here what they are doing is basically there are different kind of campaigns we are running, right? When I showed you the ad console here, you'll see there are 109 campaigns active on this account. There may be even more. I have come across accounts where they had 10,000 campaigns running. That was a little bit crazy, but they had 10,000 campaigns running. And what's happening is different campaigns are. So it means that, it doesn't mean that they have hundred different products. It's totally unrelated. But the summary is that there are multiple campaigns running for single product. That's very common. And what, what can happen is, what can happen is maybe first they came across a, an ad that was triggered from one campaign and then after that they saw that, or maybe, maybe they saw the ad but didn't click on it, then it may happen. Okay, so second time they saw another ad for the same product that probably triggered from another campaign. And then they probably saw it and even clicked on it, checked out the product but didn't purchase, maybe. And then we had another campaign running to maybe retarget those customers who clicked on our product and they saw the ad and then this time they purchased. So what will happen in that case is there will be three touch points, right? First they saw it, didn't take any action. Second time they saw and clicked on it. Third time they actually clicked on it and purchased. So after all these three touches, they finally bought our product. And here you get to see that data. So here you can see the paths. So for the first line here, what they are showing is, okay, first line, we spent this much amount of money, we got this many impressions and we got this much revenue. We got 17 purchases here and number of users are 50. So the purpose behind this is. This is extremely granular. Now the purpose behind this is to understand how customers are searching. So from this we can analyze. Okay, first of all, why are there different campaigns? Let me tell you a little bit about that. We generally segment campaigns. I told you about keywords, right last time. Now what we do is we don't put all keywords in a single campaign for one product. We try to understand what is the intent behind those keywords. So let's say when you are on a site on Amazon or similar E commerce site, you are searching for Something when you first went there, maybe you didn't have any idea what kind of options you have on the marketplace, right? So you are probably. Let me give you an example. Let's say you are looking for healthy snacks, something healthy. You don't want the sugary snacks. You want something healthy that is less sugar or no sugar or you know, but you don't know what exactly is available. So what you did is you just went there and searched for healthy snacks. So what that means we will try to understand, okay, this person search for a healthy snacks, probably the intent is like this. They don't know exactly what they want because this is kind of generic. They are not specific specifying what exactly they want. Do they want healthy protein bar? Do they want healthy. What can I say? You know, there are crunchy nut bars. There are many types of options, many types of healthy snacks that may be available. Now because you didn't search that, something that specific, we will think, okay, the intent behind this search is trying to discover what is available on Amazon or whatever E commerce channel it is. So we'll segment those kind of keywords, we call them category keywords in different campaigns and then we'll have, we can have campaigns such as, you know, for branded campaign. Let's say, okay, before going into branded campaign, there may be campaigns that will have only one keyword. We also do that for very high search volume keywords sometimes. And so if we have that, we will understand, okay, so this campaign is. This keyword seems like this is high search volume. And this is also a little bit generic. We call that top of the funnel by the way. So we'll separate, we'll separate it so that we have more control on how much we spend on this keyword in particular. So we have that and then we can have campaigns like where there will be the keywords. All of them will be just branded keywords. That means let's say the company's data that you are going to work on is actually called no Sugar company. So let's say they will. They people know their brand, right? They are. They're quite popular. People know their brand. So when they come on Amazon instead of searching for healthy snacks, they know what no Sugar company sells. They're familiar with the company. So they simply search no Sugar company healthy snacks. Now it's like so specific, they're looking for a particular brand. So chances are that they have bought from you before because that's how they know you. They are not going to be new to brand anyway. The point is we segment Those type of different types of keywords in different campaigns. And that's why it becomes important to see how the what path to purchase or customer journey is most efficient. Bringing us most money is also profitable and keeping them for a longer time, longer period of time, all those things. That's why this, this kind of analysis is important. I hope I could explain. I know it could be overwhelming, but you have the recording and you can watch it later too. Yeah. Was it overwhelming, by the way? Sorry, I'm saying, was it overwhelming? A bit, but I'm getting. That's okay. Yeah, yeah. And you are not going to work on this right away. We are going to first practice whatever we did until now and then you will get more familiar and then these things will come naturally. Right? Yeah. Yeah. So now let's move forward. Okay. If I simplify the view and just look at a one touch. So here's a DSP campaign and here is going to be a sponsored keyword campaign. Okay. And it's showing you the amount of time somebody was exposed to the ad and then ended up purchasing. Right. So you know, it's. That speaks to that dynamic. But what's possible on AMC to have a subscription piece which is not expensive, it's like 100, 200 bucks a month, depending on your volume of data. It also gives you visibility into your organic conversions. So the value there is, let's say that as you just the example you provided first purchase came from paid media. You come back three months later and purchase. If you're subscribed to that organic data set, they'll show up now as an organic purchase. So you'll have that visibility of the subsequent purchases. So there's for us, two ways for us to do that analytics of ltv. One is using AMC data. The other is using fulfilled by Amazon data. Because there's a unique. Okay, that's interesting. Yeah, yeah. And all right, the next piece that our algorithms do are looking at the time to conversion. So here's for example, a DSP campaign. And Amazon's always telling you, hey, spend more money here, spend more money because you have ROAS, sometimes even 20 rows if you're not spending a lot or if you look at the conversions, the campaign has got the most attributed conversions, which is why it's got, you know, the best roas. But also you notice that all the conversions are happening days and weeks after. 70% are happening days and weeks after. Compare that to a sponsored product campaign where you've got about a thousand conversion here, 10, 19, 70% are happening within the first 10 minutes. Right. So people are converting right away on these type of campaigns. So you know this kind of flies in the face of what Amazon tells you, right? Like. Oh, just 70, 30. 30. Really? No, it depends on your budget. If you've maxed out Sponsored search, then maybe and you've got budget left, then you want to work up the funnel. But it's going to have a very different efficiency and very different behavior for you. Right. And by the way, I can go back here on AMC and show you this because we do marketing, we do remarketing on both clients that have purchased in laps, but also in clients that have or prospects that have visited. You know, I should probably stop and explain a little bit. This one here. Did you understand what they mean by time to conversion? Is it the time from when they were exposed to the or when the impression was made until the time that they made the order? Yeah, that's exactly. It is what it is. And it may not be from the moment they see the get the impression. So, so you can actually define that, which event you want to measure the time from. For sponsored products, anything except for DSP and also Sponsored Display, you will be measuring that time from the time they clicked on, it clicked on the apps. And for DSP and also to some extent not all of Sponsored Display, you will have to measure that from the time they saw that. So basically the impression and from that point to when they converted, when they placed the order. And this is, I'll tell you why this is important. Because, you know, if we just pull the data, where's the fun in that? We have to understand what's the importance of that. The importance in this is that if you understand well how much time it's taking to convert the customers, you can see the sales cycle and it really is not fixed for them. You probably see, okay, so 70% of the sales is happening within this much time. That's good. But it may not be the same for every brand because they sell supplements, someone may be selling something more expensive. And in that case, I'm just saying no one sells cars on Amazon. But let's say someone has to buy a car. They wouldn't buy a car within 70 minutes. Sorry, within one hour of seeing an ad of the car. Right. They will do much more research and probably take even a month or two to make that decision. And that probably is the normal thing for something that expensive. Right. But it is important for us to know how much those times are so that we can plan our marketing or advertising accordingly. If it is taking that long for them to convert, we have to ensure that our ads keep on showing up at every stage of their exploration for that much period so that we can actually make a sale in the end. Right. If it takes one month for them to make a decision and we are running, we are like, okay, now first time they see the ad, we are not going to. We don't have that kind of control. But you know, let's say we don't do the retargeting campaigns. They have clicked on our product, then we are not having retargeting campaigns that whoever has seen our product, we want to show them our ads again just so that they are aware of us and you know, they can make a decision in our favor. So if we don't have that kind of setup, we just give up because. Just because they didn't purchase after clicking on our product, what will happen is we won't make the sales because we are not aware that. Okay, it takes actually one month for them to make a decision. So we have to keep on running those retargeting ads so that they can finally see it and then, you know, so that we are present whenever they're searching for this product in this category. Right. So we can strategize our advertisement according to this data. There you go. That is the significance. Yeah. Okay, so let's move forward from here. Interesting. It's interesting to me. What do you think about this? Right? It's very interesting. Okay, let's move on. By the way, I can go back here on AMC and show you this because we do marketing, we do remarketing on both clients that have purchased in laps, but also in clients that have or prospects that have visited our page and not purchase. When I look at our new to brand for DSP campaigns, 6%. So clearly our DSP campaigns are not really designed or delivering a high degree of new to brand customers. One or the other or both. So that gives you really kind of that comfort level. Because I made that mistake for many years where I was like listening to these people because they're like, hey, it's Amazon telling you what to do. You'd be an idiot not to listen to what they're telling you. Turns out it's the opposite. You'd be an idiot if you actually listen to what they're telling you to do. Because all they want to do is charge more money. Exactly. Yeah. And make more money on ad side of things. Yeah. So then we, you know, we have other different views and stuff. But that kind of gives you a good overview of the various media reports. Yeah, I think. I think one thing I just want to mention that we didn't go over was which is a pretty big piece with the campaign like management sections are. We do track organic rank on a keyword and product level. So you can kind of see how your media spend is influencing your organic rank on the page as well as like your share of voice. So we're tracking Impression Share and we have various like Amazon reports for that as well. Oh, should I pull that one up, Harriet? You want me to pull it up? Yeah. Is it. Which folder is it in? Is it under development folder still? I think it would be. Or is it Amazon Reports Insights? Yeah, Product Insights should have it. It's not. It's not Amazon Reports. Amazon Reports has Impression Share. Yeah. You know, what they're talking about is not really important for us. And the thing is, it's. So the Impression Share report is a very basic report that is also available on Amazon App Console. So we're going to skip this part because, you know, where is AMC Advantages? It's advantageous where we can not get those data from anywhere else. So these data in particular, it's available on Amazon Ad Console. So we are not going to talk about it. Right. But it's. I'm happy to explain, by the way. Let's see. Let me go back. I think they kept it. It's still in the development folder. I haven't been looking. It's really just. It's really just a graph where you place in product inside V1 or product inside V2. V2. V2. Okay, yeah, I got it. It's in draft mode, so I don't know if they're making edits right now on it. I might have the wrong version because it looks like it's still spinning. It's. I mean, I can just explain it. It's. It's not super complicated. It's just. It's just putting in whatever as we've just calculated because Amazon doesn't typically give you that in ad reports, but you can calculate your impression share versus the impressions that you've received to estimate total impressions per day for every search term. And then you can kind of look at how is that impacting your total conversion share on Amazon if in brand analytics you're a top three product and like your total click share and things like that. Right. So are you talking about the search term Impression Share report and then based on the percentage we are winning, you're calculating the total number of impressions Available on that day. Is that what you're talking about? Okay, now how about that? I mean, how about recently released search query performance? That does give. You know what, I'm going to skip this part. Just release downloadable reports for seller for the search query, you know. Okay, okay. Let me tell you what they are talking about. Search term impression share is basically, you know, there are keywords that we are targeting. Right. And then we are winning. Our products are getting some impressions. But there are so many other products available on Amazon too. They're also advertising for those products. Keywords. Right. So search term impression share is nothing. But how much percentage of the total impressions that are available on Amazon, how much of that are we getting our products or our brand is getting? That is what search impression share report is. And yeah, what they were doing is in the report, we generally get the search term impression share percentage and also the search term number of search impressions we own. So what they're doing is they're just dividing the number of impressions that we want with the search term impression share percentage and then calculating what is the hundred percent. So the total number of impressions that are available on Amazon for that duration for that keyword. That's. That's what they're doing. Yeah. Report like the analytics where it's showing the problem with the search query report. Because if you notice the number. And now, you know, I brought up the question of search query performance. You know, that's something on Amazon console. We can talk about that. But really I don't want to overload you with information. So I'll also skip that one for now. I don't know if you work with it, but we're excited about this report. We'll be pulling it in. We don't need it to have API. We can do robotics and make sure we can validate. Do you understand what he meant by this? Like he can just do this to pull it up. They don't need the API to have this report. They're talking about search term query sqp. Search Query performance report. So here, this term, one more time. Maybe you are familiar. API, we can do robotics and download it. You see that one? Yeah, for. Yeah, I'm for API. I think that's the primary thing that they are using. Yeah, yeah. No, I mean he meant even if it is not available on API. He mentioned some other term. Did you hear that before? Are you familiar? I'm not familiar with the term use. Got it, got it. No problem Robotics. I'm not sure. Yeah, yeah, I don't know. Anyway, I Was curious. Let's move forward. And the plan is to do that, but we're waiting for the data to actually make sense to make sure we can validate what's going on there. Got it. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Now here's your product insights one. That's a view. That's. That was a version one though. Impression chair. Yeah. Is there anything that you want us to cover Abby or Soham that we didn't touch on Abby, if you want to add something. Yeah, no, Sorry guys for joining late. I, you know, really just wanted this to be more ads focused. So. Hum. Just for you specifically, I did connect with Zelka on a potential Costco reporting piece too. So her and I are talking about that as well. But if you covered everything that would be of interest to you so that I'm. I'm totally good. Yeah. Right. And if you come up with any questions, you know, after this on things you, you know, that pop in in your mind. Okay. No, I mean we are mainly talking about see what's on the cost with a demo or something as well. So that's not an issue. Got it. Okay. No, I mean we are mainly talking about advertisement perspective of it. Yeah, it was good. How about Did I see what's on the customer journey tab? Yeah, I definitely saw that. Oh, oh, here it is. So this is the one. Okay. So this is the same tab. I took the screenshot from this one. So if I move a little bit here, hard to stop. So anyway, I mean let me go to the scope of work. I did a good job of taking a screenshot there. So here, this is what you get to see on the same page here in this graph it's showing acquired customers by acquisition products. So it's dividing the new to brand customers basically buy products. So here, this product is gaining this much. And what is this graph about? Oh, this is nothing, Sorry. I think it's a potato chart. Okay. Okay. So it's just adding up the percentages. Right. And bringing to 100% eventually. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. So that is it. And then again it's dividing, it's segmenting the lifetime value based on products. And they have tracked 30 days to 365 days of lifetime value. That is, that is quite impressive actually. And the next thing is again, repeat purchase related. Here what we get to see is. This is a repeat purchase rate per product, the percentage value and I see a dollar value associated with it too. That's what it is. I think we already talked about this graph, this chart here. And this is also Quite familiar, honestly. So this is all about the repeat purchase behavior, right? We did that already. Now you know, it's not like we definitely want to break it down to this product level, but these are still just examples. We want to dive even deeper and I'm not sure how we'll make use of all this data. I know how to make use of this. What I meant to say is how I can make it very easily accessible for whoever is managing ads on my team so that you know, they can easily use this insights and then take some action. How can make it that user friendly is. Is another thing that we'll have to work on after we develop these things. Just you know, in the initial like initially develop these things. So what I want to say is you will see I mentioned something here. So we'll have to, we'll have to expand these concepts of basically all these things that you see retention and then repeat purchase and lifetime value. They have expanded to product level for sure. Yes. But we also want to be able to measure the lifetime value cost of acquisition and do the retention analysis for not only at the product level, but also timeline. They have also done that. They have done this one ASIN or asin. ASIN level. They have done it because that's product level. ASIN group level is one thing, another thing. It's like, you know, let's say someone is selling a food and then they are selling multiple flavors of the food. So in that case we will just group all those different flavors as a, as a group and then do the similar analysis to that group. Nothing but. Nothing but that campaign level. They also did that to some extent campaign types, combination of different campaign types. So I will talk about all those things. Even keyword level, combination of different keyword level. I have mentioned branded category conquesting. I haven't mentioned conquesting yet. We'll have to be able to expand this kind of analysis to particular events. Like Prime Day is a sales event that happens or DSP audience and then sns, non SNS is subscribe and save or those who are not subscribed and save. These are just still for examples. We should have the flexibility to expand these kind of. Or this kind of analysis to any cohort that we want to do the analysis on. That's, that's what I mean. So this is the scope of work when it comes to retention. Calculating retention, lifetime value and repeat purchase behavior. That's it. And yeah, yeah. And then you see, this is something that I, I think you saw in the last video that we can build DSP audience based on AMC analysis. So any of these cohorts, we can actually push it to DSP and target them. That's one thing that we'll have to figure out how to do that. And then this is something that you are probably going to see next in their video. So I'll play that rather I already showed you this customer journey overview path to purchase to determine the most effective advertising mix and all those things. So we'll have to. I already explained it, so I don't need to explain it again. Time to conversion. You already are familiar. The only thing that you need to see in the video is this. Now. So what are we talking about here? The acquisition rate and value versus churn rate. So how fast are you losing customers versus how fast we are acquiring new customers? And what will happen is if you have idea about these two things, how fast you are gaining customers versus how fast you are losing customers, you can forecast if this brand is going to grow or slow down. Or even you can do this analysis at the product level and say or predict whether this product is going to grow or slow down. Eventually. You see, you can do this kind of analysis not only at the overall brand level, but also product level and then also campaign type, group of campaigns. Basically you can expand it to different cohorts. That's what I mentioned here. But you will also get to. You probably have watched it. But let's see what we are talking about. Visibility into as well as product level. So seeing exactly kind of where your revenues are coming from and the cohort size is the amount of new to brands within this time period that are coming. Okay. Right now I'm only looking at like last month. So you'll notice that I don't have a 60 day or 365 day in that table. It should be blank. It's just repeating the same number. But if I go for example and look at last year, what will happen is now you're really able to get that visibility. Right. So for this product, LTV started at $12 and within 365 days it worked its way to 15. Right. In terms of calculating LTV for the subscribe and Save customers, is AMC attributing all the right. Yeah, this is looking at your entire population. But I could say, hey, I just want to see what the behavior of subscribe and Save customers looks like. And so now you'll notice first of all, the repeat purchase rate is very different, much higher. The LTV is much higher too. But that's because I'm looking At a sub segment, the people that are subscribed to sns. Right. Okay, makes sense. Yeah, makes sense. Okay, so but sns, is it also like, is it. All right. Yeah, that's pretty much it. I mean, I, I do have a question. Did you guys cover the contribution margin piece by chance? Yeah, we did. We did. Okay. Taking into consideration the marketing spend by product and the all of that good stuff. Okay, cool. Yep. Cool. Awesome. Is there anything else that we need to cover? Oh, so they didn't show it here. So probably they talked about it before or they didn't talk about it. I just took screenshots here. So let me explain. Oh, I already explained. So, you know, since I already explained, let's take a look at the chart that they have here. You will see the. I hope this is blue. So the new to brand customers, you see over time they're kind of going down. And the returning customers, they have calculated that and it's like it's not a forecast that it's just past data that they have shown. So it's like the returning customer base or revenue is increasing with time, whereas the new customers, they're acquiring less of that with time. But if this happens, you know, you can actually predict whether what is going to happen in the next 12 months. Right, right. And we can even break it down at the product level. So this is what I meant. And I think that's all for this video. What do you, how do you feel about it, Kerwin? Yes, it sounds very interesting for the upcoming. Awesome. All right. I mean, I'm also excited. Let's see how we can do it. And by the way, I spoke to them, the agency who provides us license, they seem to have some problem with their. I don't know, they're not receiving our emails. So I called them and they're communicating with Amazon and trying to get it fixed. It may not be even resolved by tomorrow. But if that doesn't happen, you know, we'll not stop. We what? We'll have to, we'll have to change our plan. Initially I was thinking that that will practice what we have done so far so that you get more familiar practically. And then we'll review the scope of work and the materials that are there. But now what we have to do is, well, if we don't get the access right away, we'll have to review. We'll spend time on reviewing the documents that are there and we did review the videos already. So now you have a clear idea about where we are going and we will just you know, shuffle things. We'll just start studying first before we actually get to practice. That's how we are going to utilize the time. That's what I think. What do you think? Is that a good plan? Yeah, that's a very good plan. Awesome. So. I am going to stop the record.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: The roas that you see here is just from the ads and within the attribution window of 7 to 14 days depending on the type of advertisement out of the three. Now here what they're talking about is they are Talking about adjusted ROAs or net ROAs also contribution margin ROAs. There are so many things, I'm also not clear about all three of those, how they calculated all three, but I'll give you the concept of it and we know what we need to develop so we don't need to follow exactly what they have done. The concept is this. The concept is that we discuss that there may be repeat purchases, right. Once we acquire new to brand customers, there may be repeat purchases down the line within 12 month period. And what happens if that happens? We went over the acquisition cost and the retention cost of the new to brand customers, those metrics in the last video. Right now here what you have to do is you'll have to calculate the actual roas after all these repeat purchases based on the cost of acquisition and the retention cost. That's what he is talking about because he. They can have that kind of access through, through amc. These data is repeat purchase behavior is only available through amc. So they are getting it through AMC because they can access this kind of data. They can calculate how much the adjusted ROAS is because of these purchases. Sorry, because of this repeat purchases and the retentions. So if they can do that, the ROAS that we see on the ad console here is going to be probably, hopefully significantly less or at least somewhat less than the adjusted ROAS here after taking into calculation the retention and the repeat purchases. So if that happens, we may be able to identify new opportunities. Okay, so here the actual adjusted roas is way higher than the roas that we are getting to see on ad console. That means it's an effective way of acquiring new customers. So that means we can afford to spend even more money on those campaigns and get more new customers who are going to give us even more revenue down the line. That's the goal of it. Okay. Is that okay? Yeah. All right, so now let me again share this thing so that you can hear the sound,

Speaker B: You know, so contribution margin will knock down your mediaroas. Repeat purchase rate will knock it back up a little bit. And that gives you kind of a different perspective. So when you've got multiple different products on your platform in your portfolio, you're able to make better investment decisions based on, hey, am I making money here or am I losing money?

Speaker A: That makes sense, right? Yeah, it does. Yeah.

Speaker B: And these, all these are fully customizable. So, you know, we didn't try to go and build a perfect dashboard, but instead show what's possible,

Speaker A: you know.

Speaker B: And so here you got more product level breakdown where you're taking that roas and adjusted Roas and comparing it between products.

Speaker A: Right? Okay.

Speaker B: So that's where that roas is more useful. You're like, oh, man. Like, here I've got a 1.42 ROAS, you know, here I've got a 0.8. Even though boxing someone new, I could have one. So things like that. And you can look at performance by day and that's still highly aggregated. So you'll notice you have your brand within here or you have your revenue coming as well, as well as your ad spend. So we can toggle now to more campaign level data. And this is looking to aggregate all your campaigns in one place. So how am I spending? Where am I spending? Sponsored product, Sponsored brand, Sponsored brand video, sponsored display. Right. And I'm able to look at my cost per unit brand across all of these campaigns. And the way that we do that is because we pull data from Amazon Marketing Cloud. I'm not sure if you've heard Amazon Market. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So instead of just creating a dashboard for Amazon Marketing Cloud, which we have also, we're pulling in the data and merging it in the way that you need to see it.

Speaker A: I'm so sorry. So okay, here, are you pulling all this data only from Amazon Marketing Cloud or are you also doing it from other APIs that Amazon has?

Speaker B: Pulling it from Amazon Ads. We're merging and augmenting the data points like Amazon Ads does not have new to brand orders for sponsored products. But you see that we're putting that number that comes from our Amazon Marketing Cloud dashboard. So, yeah, these are all Amazon Ads reports, the sponsored product reports, your search term reports, and all that kind of stuff.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And then we're able to show you by day how much you're spending and you can break down by campaign. So you can look at, hey, I just want to look at my sponsored product campaigns. Right. So now I'm only looking at sponsored product campaign, and then you can look at specific campaigns as well. So here are all the campaigns within my spot product campaigns. I could look at each one individually. And the idea is you want to see how they're performing from a trended standpoint. You can take easy screenshots, you can look at it by day, by week. You can control how many records you're looking at. And then what you have here is a campaign level breakdown where you can look at your top 10 campaigns or your top 20 campaigns. You can sort them by spend or any of those metrics. But again, we're augmenting those because you've got your adjusted roas, you've got your new to brand. So you simply don't have that kind of reporting on the camping management platform. And this way it avoids you having to download stuff. All this is either in the UI but it's also in the database. You can connect directly.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: Using Excel or Google Sheet. You can use Google Sheet Excel to connect directly to the data table and play with the data set the way that you want to. If you have more of an analytics mindset and you want to be. Don't want to be limited by these views.

Speaker A: Right. Okay, if I stop you here and clarify a few things, is that okay?

Speaker B: Yeah, of course.

Speaker A: Okay, so here you mean the new to brand order data. You are also getting this for sponsored product campaigns.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: We can build a brand from Amazon marketing cloud products, typically campaign manager and Amazon doesn't release that. It's just sponsored brands and sponsored display.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. And you mentioned that you are pulling the data from both AMC and also adapi. So what is the necessity to combine both of them? Can we not get these campaign data already from amc? So what is the necessity of combining?

Speaker B: The problem is that AMC is not going to have all these metrics. It does not have through acp. Like it does not have the same granularity of recording. AMC has been designed for other purposes. Journey mapping, segmenting between new brand and returning customers. You know, the media driven LTV and aov. So you have to kind of start blending both of them. Let me show you. I mean here's the AMC dashboard here. So this is just amc. So yes, I still have my campaign types and I can filter on campaign name, no problem. But you'll notice it's got new brand users, new brand revenue purchases. You don't see a lot of the metrics that you see in a granular ad report. So that's why kind of by blending it together, let me change to a weekly view. So it's a little less jumpy. But what you're seeing here is, hey, how many of my conversions are new to brand versus returning? And I can go again and just look at for example sponsored product campaigns, where I could look at DSP campaigns or sponsored video. So here, for example, 67%.

Speaker A: Karen. I think we can move forward a little bit because These are of course relevant, but I'm just playing it with you here. I don't think we are. Also, we took anything from here until now. I think I'm just checking the scope of work right now, so maybe I'll move forward a little bit. Let's see where they are talking about those. Well, looks like they're talking about repeat purchase already. I don't need this either. What is this

Speaker B: on how you want to.

Speaker A: I think this is it. Yes, we should talk about this. We should listen to this sense of

Speaker B: what that looks like. And again, what we do with this, we're able to look at that LTV then life flow as a 25 negative contribution margin. It did go out of stock at some point, but we also. I think it's got some decent spend against that.

Speaker C: Okay, let me check that because I did decrease spend there, but yeah, and

Speaker B: I'm looking at last quarter, by the way, so. Oh, no, that's last month. That was last month, yeah. Data refreshes daily, by the way. And then what we have here is a cohort. So we're able to look at your revenue. Is it coming from you versus repeat? Let me switch to weekly so you get a better sense of how that looks like. And again, what we do with this, we're able to look at that ltv. So how many new brands came in and how does the LTV look like? You know, over 30, 60, 90 days. And we bring that into your media ROAS, essentially looking at your retention rate, repeat interest rate.

Speaker A: Can you, can you explain a little bit? Like I see how you are, how you are calculating the, I mean the, from the retention rate, how, how the repeat purchase behavior and the corresponding revenue looks like. But then also you're mentioning that

Speaker B: with

Speaker A: these, you actually calculate something called an adjusted roas. How does that process look like?

Speaker B: Yeah, so we take your media roas, we multiply that by the contribution. Because if you think about media roas is attributed revenue divided by ad spend and it's assuming that the revenue is not. It has not been adjusted for your profitability on that revenue. So we're saying. Wait a second, when you're comparing different products, they don't all have the same profitability.

Speaker A: Right?

Speaker B: Some have higher cogs than others. So we multiply your, your media roas by a contribution margin percentage. So now you're looking at not media roas, but media media contribution margin. Right. And then if you multiply that by your repeat purchase rate, let's say on average a customer buys six times this product in a 12 month period, you know, we can say if you want to look at your, your raw 12 month period, we'll multiply by how many times they're purchasing the product. Right. So usually it's like 1.6, 1.8. It really depends on the product categories. And what that means now is we're taking into account the future value as well of that customer acquisition.

Speaker A: Future value of customer acquisition. How is that?

Speaker B: Yeah, because now we know on average a customer, a new customer, will buy

Speaker A: the product four or five times.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, makes sense. Of course, as I walk you through

Speaker B: that, you know, we have to take it further because if for example, 80% of your spend is going on Unibrand, as you saw In AMC dashboard, 20%, those are returning, then we could apply that kind of ratio because you're still reinvesting and returning customers to a certain degree. But the reality is that you're not just spending all your money on you. So there's a number of ways that we can take those dynamics into account as well.

Speaker A: Right. Kerry here. I think I also asked about the adjusted ROAS thing, so they responded. So looks like even if we need to figure this out, we can figure it out. I figure out what they said there. Now we are still talking about all these things. Intention rate and then ltv. I think let me actually. Oh, they had that option. Okay, let me share my scope of work section right now. I didn't know that it's possible. Can you see this now? See this tab? Yep, I can see it. Okay, so you see these screenshots here? They are actually what you already saw on the same tab that we are discussing right now on the video. The first one is something that you also saw on the last video is the, the cohort for every month. They have just assigned the dollar value for every month thereafter for every cohort. So December 20, 2021 cohort, they have the cohort size is this and then month 0, month 1 to month 14, they have assigned the dollar value for each month. How it has kept on increasing. That's what they have done here. Basically it's the month over month retention trend here. Then you can also see this. This is also something we have kind of done already. So what is it doing here? It's, it's basically they have here it was LTV from the LTV perspective here it's kind of from the revenue and number of orders perspective. And also they have included the ltv. So basically all these data they can see here. You can also see Here it is more expanded. You can see nothing else. And this one is same thing. It's calculating the retention rate. And again the 30 days LTV is 6 days LTV, 120 days LTV. So LTVs across different time frames. Nothing else there. And this is what we could see right now. This is what this is doing is it's just categorizing the products based on which ones are acquiring the most number of new to brand customers. And then repeat purchases. Which products are bringing in most repeat purchases. Which products has the most average order value and lifetime value. So are you familiar with the matrix average order value, by the way? Probably not. I, I will assume you're probably not, but I'll still ask, are you? I'm not familiar. You are. I do have. No, I'm not familiar. Okay. But I, I think I have based on the name itself. I think I have. And understanding. But if you can. Yeah, sure, sure I can. Definitely. Average order is very simple. Like you're saying it's basically how much a customer on average. The customers on average are ordering per order. And that's, that's basically all. So you calculate the total revenue divided with the total number of orders and then, and then that's it. That's average order value of your customers. Now companies want to be able to measure this, not just the total. They don't want to do this on the, doing it on the total revenue gives you a like overall view. But then here they're breaking it down by the products. What it does is, it's, you can say in a way increasing average order value helps you increase profitability of the company. So why is that? Because you see if you can, let's say you are ordering one item that is $20, right? And then if you sell a product on Amazon, there are fees. For example, Amazon will take 15% of the $21 as a referral fee. Then you have to pay for shipping and handling. Then you have to pay for storage cost. That's there advertisement is there, right? Storage cost is not that huge. So three main expenses are Amazon's referral fee, which is 15% in most cases, then shipping and handling, and then advertisement. These three are the most important expenses, huge expenses. So now what happens is if a person, customer purchases just $20 worth of product, just one product to acquire the customer. First of all we have to spend money to acquire the new customer. And then second thing is shipping and handling. Even though they're, let's say we need to pay $5 for shipping and Handling. Right. So that's a fixed cost kind of fixed cost, not always fixed. Right now what happens is let's say that customer bought a second item that is also maybe another $20 worth, $40. So now we have to ship both of those in the same box together right at the same time and we'll probably be paying a little bit more than $5, let's say $6, but it's not going to be doubled to $10. And also another thing is advertisement cost. It's also not going to be doubled probably, hopefully. So what happens is all these expenses. So expense percentage of the total revenue that you brought in. In these two cases, the expense ratio, the percentage of expense is going to be lower for the $40 worth of order compared to $20 worth of order. So it becomes more profitable for the company to sell more in one single order. So that's why companies want to track average order value and they want to increase average order value. I hope this gives you some idea. Yep, that good. Okay, so you already saw these two in the video. I took a lot of screenshots for from that one single tab because that was important. And then let's, let's keep on watching. The others were not there, so let's keep on watching. Tell me if you can hear the sound. By the way, one question is good, right? Okay. And that I will have here is. Okay, so we are spending to acquire a new customer. First let's say we have shown three types of advertisement to first get some impression. Maybe they have seen our ads once in a while and then we ultimately next month they bought it for the first time. That's how we acquired the new customer. Now we are, I mean next time maybe they're not going to see our ads. Instead they're going to purchase it in organically. Maybe they are already familiar, they go to the link and buy it. So will that be attributed to amc? Yeah.

Speaker B: So within Amazon marketing cloud, first of all there's a 30 day attribution window on a click. So unlike the ad reports where you have a 7 or 14, you have a, a better vantage window of hey, they clicked, they didn't buy. But eventually they came back to organic and purchased. We would have that visibility and actually here's what that looks like. So here are a bunch of campaigns. Let me, let me transition to a one touch campaign. This is all the touches that are leading towards how many path occurrence and

Speaker A: how many conversions you know before he switches the setting. Let me tell you a little bit about this one here Although I'm not sure if I have included this in our scope of work. Let me check. We have. I have, I have. For some purpose. I will describe that. So here in the fifth one you will see Customer Journey overview. I have actually included this here. Now here what they are doing is basically there are different kind of campaigns we are running, right? When I showed you the ad console here, you'll see there are 109 campaigns active on this account. There may be even more. I have come across accounts where they had 10,000 campaigns running. That was a little bit crazy, but they had 10,000 campaigns running. And what's happening is different campaigns are. So it means that, it doesn't mean that they have hundred different products. It's totally unrelated. But the summary is that there are multiple campaigns running for single product. That's very common. And what, what can happen is, what can happen is maybe first they came across a, an ad that was triggered from one campaign and then after that they saw that, or maybe, maybe they saw the ad but didn't click on it, then it may happen. Okay, so second time they saw another ad for the same product that probably triggered from another campaign. And then they probably saw it and even clicked on it, checked out the product but didn't purchase, maybe. And then we had another campaign running to maybe retarget those customers who clicked on our product and they saw the ad and then this time they purchased. So what will happen in that case is there will be three touch points, right? First they saw it, didn't take any action. Second time they saw and clicked on it. Third time they actually clicked on it and purchased. So after all these three touches, they finally bought our product. And here you get to see that data. So here you can see the paths. So for the first line here, what they are showing is, okay, first line, we spent this much amount of money, we got this many impressions and we got this much revenue. We got 17 purchases here and number of users are 50. So the purpose behind this is. This is extremely granular. Now the purpose behind this is to understand how customers are searching. So from this we can analyze. Okay, first of all, why are there different campaigns? Let me tell you a little bit about that. We generally segment campaigns. I told you about keywords, right last time. Now what we do is we don't put all keywords in a single campaign for one product. We try to understand what is the intent behind those keywords. So let's say when you are on a site on Amazon or similar E commerce site, you are searching for Something when you first went there, maybe you didn't have any idea what kind of options you have on the marketplace, right? So you are probably. Let me give you an example. Let's say you are looking for healthy snacks, something healthy. You don't want the sugary snacks. You want something healthy that is less sugar or no sugar or you know, but you don't know what exactly is available. So what you did is you just went there and searched for healthy snacks. So what that means we will try to understand, okay, this person search for a healthy snacks, probably the intent is like this. They don't know exactly what they want because this is kind of generic. They are not specific specifying what exactly they want. Do they want healthy protein bar? Do they want healthy. What can I say? You know, there are crunchy nut bars. There are many types of options, many types of healthy snacks that may be available. Now because you didn't search that, something that specific, we will think, okay, the intent behind this search is trying to discover what is available on Amazon or whatever E commerce channel it is. So we'll segment those kind of keywords, we call them category keywords in different campaigns and then we'll have, we can have campaigns such as, you know, for branded campaign. Let's say, okay, before going into branded campaign, there may be campaigns that will have only one keyword. We also do that for very high search volume keywords sometimes. And so if we have that, we will understand, okay, so this campaign is. This keyword seems like this is high search volume. And this is also a little bit generic. We call that top of the funnel by the way. So we'll separate, we'll separate it so that we have more control on how much we spend on this keyword in particular. So we have that and then we can have campaigns like where there will be the keywords. All of them will be just branded keywords. That means let's say the company's data that you are going to work on is actually called no Sugar company.

Speaker B: So

Speaker A: let's say they will. They people know their brand, right? They are. They're quite popular. People know their brand. So when they come on Amazon instead of searching for healthy snacks, they know what no Sugar company sells. They're familiar with the company. So they simply search no Sugar company healthy snacks. Now it's like so specific, they're looking for a particular brand. So chances are that they have bought from you before because that's how they know you. They are not going to be new to brand anyway. The point is we segment Those type of different types of keywords in different campaigns. And that's why it becomes important to see how the what path to purchase or customer journey is most efficient. Bringing us most money is also profitable and keeping them for a longer time, longer period of time, all those things. That's why this, this kind of analysis is important. I hope I could explain. I know it could be overwhelming, but you have the recording and you can watch it later too. Yeah. Was it overwhelming, by the way? Sorry, I'm saying, was it overwhelming? A bit, but I'm getting. That's okay. Yeah, yeah. And you are not going to work on this right away. We are going to first practice whatever we did until now and then you will get more familiar and then these things will come naturally. Right? Yeah. Yeah. So now let's move forward. Okay.

Speaker B: If I simplify the view and just look at a one touch. So here's a DSP campaign and here is going to be a sponsored keyword campaign.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And it's showing you the amount of time somebody was exposed to the ad and then ended up purchasing.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: So you know, it's. That speaks to that dynamic. But what's possible on AMC to have a subscription piece which is not expensive, it's like 100, 200 bucks a month, depending on your volume of data. It also gives you visibility into your organic conversions. So the value there is, let's say that as you just the example you provided first purchase came from paid media. You come back three months later and purchase. If you're subscribed to that organic data set, they'll show up now as an organic purchase. So you'll have that visibility of the subsequent purchases. So there's for us, two ways for us to do that analytics of ltv. One is using AMC data. The other is using fulfilled by Amazon data. Because there's a unique.

Speaker A: Okay, that's interesting. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: And all right, the next piece that our algorithms do are looking at the time to conversion. So here's for example, a DSP campaign. And Amazon's always telling you, hey, spend more money here, spend more money because you have ROAS, sometimes even 20 rows if you're not spending a lot or if you look at the conversions, the campaign has got the most attributed conversions, which is why it's got, you know, the best roas. But also you notice that all the conversions are happening days and weeks after. 70% are happening days and weeks after. Compare that to a sponsored product campaign where you've got about a thousand conversion here, 10, 19, 70% are happening within the first 10 minutes. Right. So people are converting right away on these type of campaigns. So you know this kind of flies in the face of what Amazon tells you, right? Like. Oh, just 70, 30. 30. Really? No, it depends on your budget. If you've maxed out Sponsored search, then maybe and you've got budget left, then you want to work up the funnel. But it's going to have a very different efficiency and very different behavior for you.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: And by the way, I can go back here on AMC and show you this because we do marketing, we do remarketing on both clients that have purchased in laps, but also in clients that have or prospects that have visited.

Speaker A: You know, I should probably stop and explain a little bit. This one here. Did you understand what they mean by time to conversion? Is it the time from when they were exposed to the or when the impression was made until the time that they made the order? Yeah, that's exactly. It is what it is. And it may not be from the moment they see the get the impression. So, so you can actually define that, which event you want to measure the time from. For sponsored products, anything except for DSP and also Sponsored Display, you will be measuring that time from the time they clicked on, it clicked on the apps. And for DSP and also to some extent not all of Sponsored Display, you will have to measure that from the time they saw that. So basically the impression and from that point to when they converted, when they placed the order. And this is, I'll tell you why this is important. Because, you know, if we just pull the data, where's the fun in that? We have to understand what's the importance of that. The importance in this is that if you understand well how much time it's taking to convert the customers, you can see the sales cycle and it really is not fixed for them. You probably see, okay, so 70% of the sales is happening within this much time. That's good. But it may not be the same for every brand because they sell supplements, someone may be selling something more expensive. And in that case, I'm just saying no one sells cars on Amazon. But let's say someone has to buy a car. They wouldn't buy a car within 70 minutes. Sorry, within one hour of seeing an ad of the car. Right. They will do much more research and probably take even a month or two to make that decision. And that probably is the normal thing for something that expensive. Right. But it is important for us to know how much those times are so that we can plan our marketing or advertising accordingly. If it is taking that long for them to convert, we have to ensure that our ads keep on showing up at every stage of their exploration for that much period so that we can actually make a sale in the end. Right. If it takes one month for them to make a decision and we are running, we are like, okay, now first time they see the ad, we are not going to. We don't have that kind of control. But you know, let's say we don't do the retargeting campaigns. They have clicked on our product, then we are not having retargeting campaigns that whoever has seen our product, we want to show them our ads again just so that they are aware of us and you know, they can make a decision in our favor. So if we don't have that kind of setup, we just give up because. Just because they didn't purchase after clicking on our product, what will happen is we won't make the sales because we are not aware that. Okay, it takes actually one month for them to make a decision. So we have to keep on running those retargeting ads so that they can finally see it and then, you know, so that we are present whenever they're searching for this product in this category. Right. So we can strategize our advertisement according to this data. There you go. That is the significance. Yeah. Okay, so let's move forward from here. Interesting. It's interesting to me. What do you think about this?

Speaker B: Right?

Speaker A: It's very interesting. Okay, let's move on.

Speaker B: By the way, I can go back here on AMC and show you this because we do marketing, we do remarketing on both clients that have purchased in laps, but also in clients that have or prospects that have visited our page and not purchase. When I look at our new to brand for DSP campaigns, 6%. So clearly our DSP campaigns are not really designed or delivering a high degree of new to brand customers. One or the other or both. So that gives you really kind of that comfort level. Because I made that mistake for many years where I was like listening to these people because they're like, hey, it's Amazon telling you what to do. You'd be an idiot not to listen to what they're telling you. Turns out it's the opposite. You'd be an idiot if you actually listen to what they're telling you to do. Because all they want to do is charge more money.

Speaker A: Exactly. Yeah.

Speaker B: And make more money on ad side of things. Yeah. So then we, you know, we have other different views and stuff. But that kind of gives you a good overview of the various media reports.

Speaker C: Yeah, I think. I think one thing I just want to mention that we didn't go over was which is a pretty big piece with the campaign like management sections are. We do track organic rank on a keyword and product level. So you can kind of see how your media spend is influencing your organic rank on the page as well as like your share of voice. So we're tracking Impression Share and we have various like Amazon reports for that as well.

Speaker B: Oh, should I pull that one up, Harriet? You want me to pull it up?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Is it. Which folder is it in? Is it under development folder still?

Speaker C: I think it would be.

Speaker B: Or is it Amazon Reports Insights?

Speaker C: Yeah, Product Insights should have it.

Speaker B: It's not. It's not Amazon Reports.

Speaker C: Amazon Reports has Impression Share.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: You know, what they're talking about is not really important for us. And the thing is, it's. So the Impression Share report is a very basic report that is also available on Amazon App Console. So we're going to skip this part because, you know, where is AMC Advantages? It's advantageous where we can not get those data from anywhere else. So these data in particular, it's available on Amazon Ad Console. So we are not going to talk about it. Right. But it's. I'm happy to explain, by the way. Let's see.

Speaker B: Let me go back. I think they kept it. It's still in the development folder. I haven't been looking.

Speaker C: It's really just. It's really just a graph where you

Speaker B: place in product inside V1 or product inside V2.

Speaker C: V2.

Speaker B: V2. Okay, yeah, I got it. It's in draft mode, so I don't know if they're making edits right now on it. I might have the wrong version because it looks like it's still spinning.

Speaker C: It's. I mean, I can just explain it.

Speaker A: It's.

Speaker C: It's not super complicated. It's just. It's just putting in whatever as we've just calculated because Amazon doesn't typically give you that in ad reports, but you can calculate your impression share versus the impressions that you've received to estimate total impressions per day for every search term. And then you can kind of look at how is that impacting your total conversion share on Amazon if in brand analytics you're a top three product and like your total click share and things like that.

Speaker A: Right. So are you talking about the search term Impression Share report and then based on the percentage we are winning, you're calculating the total number of impressions Available on that day. Is that what you're talking about? Okay, now how about that? I mean, how about recently released search query performance? That does give. You know what, I'm going to skip this part.

Speaker C: Just release downloadable reports for seller for the search query, you know.

Speaker A: Okay, okay. Let me tell you what they are talking about. Search term impression share is basically, you know, there are keywords that we are targeting. Right. And then we are winning. Our products are getting some impressions. But there are so many other products available on Amazon too. They're also advertising for those products. Keywords. Right. So search term impression share is nothing. But how much percentage of the total impressions that are available on Amazon, how much of that are we getting our products or our brand is getting? That is what search impression share report is. And yeah, what they were doing is in the report, we generally get the search term impression share percentage and also the search term number of search impressions we own. So what they're doing is they're just dividing the number of impressions that we want with the search term impression share percentage and then calculating what is the hundred percent. So the total number of impressions that are available on Amazon for that duration for that keyword. That's. That's what they're doing. Yeah.

Speaker C: Report like the analytics where it's showing

Speaker B: the problem with the search query report. Because if you notice the number.

Speaker A: And now, you know, I brought up the question of search query performance. You know, that's something on Amazon console. We can talk about that. But really I don't want to overload you with information. So I'll also skip that one for now.

Speaker B: I don't know if you work with it, but we're excited about this report. We'll be pulling it in. We don't need it to have API. We can do robotics and make sure we can validate.

Speaker A: Do you understand what he meant by this? Like he can just do this to pull it up. They don't need the API to have this report. They're talking about search term query sqp. Search Query performance report. So here, this term, one more time. Maybe you are familiar.

Speaker B: API, we can do robotics and download it.

Speaker A: You see that one? Yeah, for. Yeah, I'm for API. I think that's the primary thing that they are using. Yeah, yeah. No, I mean he meant even if it is not available on API. He mentioned some other term. Did you hear that before? Are you familiar? I'm not familiar with the term use. Got it, got it. No problem Robotics. I'm not sure. Yeah, yeah, I don't know. Anyway, I Was curious. Let's move forward.

Speaker B: And the plan is to do that, but we're waiting for the data to actually make sense to make sure we can validate what's going on there.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Now here's your product insights one. That's a view.

Speaker A: That's.

Speaker B: That was a version one though. Impression chair. Yeah. Is there anything that you want us to cover Abby or Soham that we didn't touch on

Speaker A: Abby, if you want to add something. Yeah, no, Sorry guys for joining late.

Speaker C: I, you know, really just wanted this to be more ads focused.

Speaker A: So. Hum.

Speaker C: Just for you specifically, I did connect

Speaker A: with Zelka on a potential Costco reporting piece too. So her and I are talking about that as well. But if you covered everything that would be of interest to you so that I'm. I'm totally good. Yeah. Right.

Speaker C: And if you come up with any questions, you know, after this on things you, you know, that pop in in your mind.

Speaker A: Okay. No, I mean we are mainly talking about see what's on the cost with a demo or something as well. So that's not an issue. Got it. Okay. No, I mean we are mainly talking about advertisement perspective of it. Yeah, it was good. How about Did I see what's on the customer journey tab? Yeah, I definitely saw that. Oh, oh, here it is. So this is the one. Okay. So this is the same tab. I took the screenshot from this one. So if I move a little bit here, hard to stop. So anyway, I mean let me go to the scope of work. I did a good job of taking a screenshot there. So here, this is what you get to see on the same page here in this graph it's showing acquired customers by acquisition products. So it's dividing the new to brand customers basically buy products. So here, this product is gaining this much. And what is this graph about? Oh, this is nothing, Sorry. I think it's a potato chart. Okay. Okay. So it's just adding up the percentages. Right. And bringing to 100% eventually. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. So that is it. And then again it's dividing, it's segmenting the lifetime value based on products. And they have tracked 30 days to 365 days of lifetime value. That is, that is quite impressive actually. And the next thing is again, repeat purchase related. Here what we get to see is. This is a repeat purchase rate per product, the percentage value and I see a dollar value associated with it too. That's what it is. I think we already talked about this graph, this chart here. And this is also Quite familiar, honestly. So this is all about the repeat purchase behavior, right? We did that already. Now you know, it's not like we definitely want to break it down to this product level, but these are still just examples. We want to dive even deeper and I'm not sure how we'll make use of all this data. I know how to make use of this. What I meant to say is

Speaker C: how

Speaker A: I can make it very easily accessible for whoever is managing ads on my team so that you know, they can easily use this insights and then take some action. How can make it that user friendly is. Is another thing that we'll have to work on after we develop these things. Just you know, in the initial like initially develop these things. So what I want to say is you will see I mentioned something here. So we'll have to, we'll have to expand these concepts of basically all these things that you see retention and then repeat purchase and lifetime value. They have expanded to product level for sure. Yes. But we also want to be able to measure the lifetime value cost of acquisition and do the retention analysis for not only at the product level, but also timeline. They have also done that. They have done this one ASIN or asin. ASIN level. They have done it because that's product level. ASIN group level is one thing, another thing. It's like, you know, let's say someone is selling a food and then they are selling multiple flavors of the food. So in that case we will just group all those different flavors as a, as a group and then do the similar analysis to that group. Nothing but. Nothing but that campaign level. They also did that to some extent campaign types, combination of different campaign types. So I will talk about all those things. Even keyword level, combination of different keyword level. I have mentioned branded category conquesting. I haven't mentioned conquesting yet. We'll have to be able to expand this kind of analysis to particular events. Like Prime Day is a sales event that happens or DSP audience and then sns, non SNS is subscribe and save or those who are not subscribed and save. These are just still for examples. We should have the flexibility to expand these kind of. Or this kind of analysis to any cohort that we want to do the analysis on. That's, that's what I mean. So this is the scope of work when it comes to retention. Calculating retention, lifetime value and repeat purchase behavior. That's it. And yeah, yeah. And then you see, this is something that I, I think you saw in the last video that we can build DSP audience based on AMC analysis. So any of these cohorts, we can actually push it to DSP and target them. That's one thing that we'll have to figure out how to do that. And then this is something that you are probably going to see next in their video. So I'll play that rather I already showed you this customer journey overview path to purchase to determine the most effective advertising mix and all those things. So we'll have to. I already explained it, so I don't need to explain it again. Time to conversion. You already are familiar. The only thing that you need to see in the video is this. Now. So what are we talking about here? The acquisition rate and value versus churn rate. So how fast are you losing customers versus how fast we are acquiring new customers? And what will happen is if you have idea about these two things, how fast you are gaining customers versus how fast you are losing customers, you can forecast if this brand is going to grow or slow down. Or even you can do this analysis at the product level and say or predict whether this product is going to grow or slow down. Eventually. You see, you can do this kind of analysis not only at the overall brand level, but also product level and then also campaign type, group of campaigns. Basically you can expand it to different cohorts. That's what I mentioned here. But you will also get to. You probably have watched it. But let's see what we are talking about.

Speaker B: Visibility into as well as product level. So seeing exactly kind of where your revenues are coming from and the cohort size is the amount of new to brands within this time period that are coming.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Right now I'm only looking at like last month. So you'll notice that I don't have a 60 day or 365 day in that table. It should be blank. It's just repeating the same number. But if I go for example and look at last year, what will happen is now you're really able to get that visibility. Right. So for this product, LTV started at $12 and within 365 days it worked its way to 15.

Speaker A: Right. In terms of calculating LTV for the subscribe and Save customers, is AMC attributing all the right.

Speaker B: Yeah, this is looking at your entire population. But I could say, hey, I just want to see what the behavior of subscribe and Save customers looks like. And so now you'll notice first of all, the repeat purchase rate is very different, much higher. The LTV is much higher too. But that's because I'm looking At a sub segment, the people that are subscribed to sns.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Okay, makes sense.

Speaker A: Yeah, makes sense. Okay, so but sns, is it also like, is it. All right. Yeah, that's pretty much it. I mean, I, I do have a question. Did you guys cover the contribution margin piece by chance? Yeah, we did.

Speaker B: We did.

Speaker C: Okay. Taking into consideration the marketing spend by product and the all of that good stuff. Okay, cool. Yep.

Speaker A: Cool. Awesome. Is there anything else that we need to cover? Oh, so they didn't show it here. So probably they talked about it before or they didn't talk about it. I just took screenshots here. So let me explain. Oh, I already explained. So, you know, since I already explained, let's take a look at the chart that they have here. You will see the. I hope this is blue. So the new to brand customers, you see over time they're kind of going down. And the returning customers, they have calculated that and it's like it's not a forecast that it's just past data that they have shown. So it's like the returning customer base or revenue is increasing with time, whereas the new customers, they're acquiring less of that with time. But if this happens, you know, you can actually predict whether what is going to happen in the next 12 months. Right, right. And we can even break it down at the product level. So this is what I meant. And I think that's all for this video. What do you, how do you feel about it, Kerwin? Yes, it sounds very interesting for the upcoming. Awesome. All right. I mean, I'm also excited. Let's see how we can do it. And by the way, I spoke to them, the agency who provides us license, they seem to have some problem with their. I don't know, they're not receiving our emails. So I called them and they're communicating with Amazon and trying to get it fixed. It may not be even resolved by tomorrow. But if that doesn't happen, you know, we'll not stop. We what? We'll have to, we'll have to change our plan. Initially I was thinking that that will practice what we have done so far so that you get more familiar practically. And then we'll review the scope of work and the materials that are there. But now what we have to do is, well, if we don't get the access right away, we'll have to review. We'll spend time on reviewing the documents that are there and we did review the videos already. So now you have a clear idea about where we are going and we will just you know, shuffle things. We'll just start studying first before we actually get to practice. That's how we are going to utilize the time. That's what I think. What do you think? Is that a good plan? Yeah, that's a very good plan. Awesome. So. I am going to stop the record.

