Transcript for: Recording__87 (1).mp4
Title: Recording #871
============================================================

It's a little hot. It's getting hot. So it's time to leave India very soon. So you're leaving just for the heat? Is that why you went to Canada? Well, that's definitely one of the reasons. But then again, you need to leave Canada when it's cold. If only there was middle ground. Looks like you have a proper setup at your home right now. I do. Besides the cats, you know, got everything all set up here. Well, last class. Sorry. I was gonna say, when are you coming back to Canada? Oh, I'm 27th. Okay. Nice. Yeah. Hopefully your Canada is not part of the US by then. We'll see. Yeah, let's hope so. Oh, my. Canada is in. In a really tough position right now. Yeah. In one way, it's not because Trump is asking it to be the 51st straight state, but. But because of the tariffs it's going to impact. He's rolling back on them, though. He's such a. I. I can't. Rolling back to. I mean, I think he's just going to introduce tariffs to all countries on April 2nd. I don't know. He is delaying some of his stuff. If I had to guess, I would say that he's just using the tariffs to, like, negotiate. He's never held his ground on anything. I'll say that. Okay. I think the tariffs on Canada and China and Mexico, these three are for different reasons, and then the others are kind of. I don't know, probably. I'll not pronounce this word correctly, but retaliatory. So it's like they're just reciprocating whatever the other country is charging them. So. So there are two different cases. And that's why probably we should look at these three countries separately than the others. I mean, maybe, but I. I don't know. I don't. I don't think he's gonna toss anything out. Let's see. Let's see. But then. Yeah. Did you hear the quote? I'll share this last quote that we could get to class, but. Yes. You know how Canada's threatening to cut off electricity to parts of the U.S. like Michigan? Yeah. Yeah. So if we don't have classes, it's because Canada cut me off. But there was a quote from Trump's cabinet saying it's fine even if Canada cuts off electricity. Jesus lived without electricity. So we'll survive. Okay. Yeah, definitely we'll survive. Just. It's the logic. It's. Anyway, yeah, I'm going to be living like Jesus, I guess. We'll see. We'll see about last week, you know what happened. So because I had a class on Friday, I thought that my class for that week is done and I was having fun on Saturday, I was not even home. So going out and having. With the stray cats probably. Yeah. Usually I do have students. Sometimes they'll reschedule a class and then they actually like I had another student who canceled the same week as you, and then he had a class on Friday and then Saturday as well. It's all good. If you do want to cancel, just do let me know specifically when you would like to cancel or something like that, because I'll never assume and then just cancel on you without a heads up. In fact, I just came home 10 minutes ago. Okay. Today? Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah, let's. Let's go ahead and get into it then. So last time we started talking about consonant clusters. Can you remind me what's happening here? No, I'm sorry, I haven't been really paying attention to the theory. I mean, in the class. Yes. But after that I didn't have any time. No worries. Let's review if you want to open up the constant cluster presentation. Yes, one second. I'm shopping and doing shopping and all that, you know, that's why I don't know if you saw this. I was just trying this thing on anyway, just before you joined, I was actually taking it up anyway. What do the stray cats think of it though? Well, yesterday when I was. When I was going somewhere, I just got out of my home and I saw that sitting somewhere. How do I say it's sitting on a wall? How else can I describe that? Not a wall. What do you call those things that are surrounding the house? You know, like a fence, but not really a fence. Yeah, you could say either a wall or a fence. Really? Okay. Or. Yeah, yeah, it depends on if it's a wall or fence. Yeah, it is just there and then I. These days I'm struggling with my English. What's going on? Have you been speaking English? I know India has a nice name. No, I'm speaking in Bengali, my native language. And even last day when I was. I had a meeting with my client, I was really struggling, like to describe the normal things I was struggling. It happens. I actually have a student who's gone for two weeks to visit his parents and he's going to come back and he's not going to remember what English is. I can already tell. All right, let's review these consonant clusters. So that will definitely help. So do you have it open? Yeah, I'M just there, one second. Cluster. It's under reductions. It's near the bottom reduction. Okay. Yes, I found that worksheet right now. Presentation. Okay, yeah, I see it. Yeah. So rather than going over the explanation again, let's see if we can get a little bit of a jogged memory on the fifth slide. Fifth, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah. So what's going on here? You seem to have that spark of recognition. Yeah, it's like. It's the. I see. For the first set of examples, it's the P that is getting eliminated. It's more. I think it's the one that is in the middle is not being pronounced. The what? Yeah, it is. It's the one in the middle. But the one what? So what circumstance. Why is P getting eliminated? It's in the middle of what? So it has to do with vowels and consonants. No, I really forgot. So when you have three or more consonants next to each other, it's going to be in the one. The one in the middle that goes. So three consonants can be rather cumbersome. It would be very annoying to have to say empty. Empty. So we just say empty. Yes, mt. So we skip the P altogether. It's empty. We don't say prompt, we say prompt. Prompt, Prompt. So we're skipping over it for the sake of simplicity because we don't want to torture ourselves that way. So we don't do this in every single cluster. We do it with most of them. And most of them we're going to be going over specifically today. One of the reasons this can be a little difficult is because you can see it changes how you pronounce an individual word. For example, nts. You can see all of these are. They have a four word and then they have the suffix X or S. S. So, for example, want, Rent. Think. How are we pronouncing the T in those words? Want. Rent. Faint. Right. We are not pronouncing it Right. What are we doing? We're eliminating T. Just. It's completely gone. Mm. Yeah. So it's not completely gone. Really. We are pronouncing it as either half T or a glottal. Remember? Because we're not saying wa re. Fane wah. Ren fein. Ren versus ren fein versus Fate. Cat. Can. Cat. Cat. Yeah, we do have something there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Fit. Fit. Something like that. So we do have either a glottal or a half teeth. Got it. Or whatever you're comfortable with. But we are eliminating it completely when it's in the middle of N and S. Right. So we just N. Yeah, we still have a bit of a sound there as is added and we're not going to even bother. So it goes from want to wants rent to rents faint to faints. You can hear I might have a little bit of a glottal, but it's not necessary. Yeah, yeah, I hear that. Glottal is fond. Can you try to read some of these words for me? The anti. S. Okay. Once fence. Fence, pants comes pin size. Pint size. Pint size. Sorry, Pint size. Yeah. So a pint, it's like a measurement and then size. So this just means really small. You can also use it as an insult if someone's, like, really short. It told me last time. Yeah, yeah. All right. Any questions? Let's go over on the next slide then. We have another couple of groupings here. Can you tell me what would be happening here on the sixth slide? Well, NDS, we are eliminating D&PTs, we are eliminating T. Yes. And could you go ahead. I'm going to read the first line of these. Yes. See, before you do that, in the last slide, you said for nts, you mentioned when it's one, let's say it's not. It doesn't have that S in the end, then you are going to do glottal or half T. But when you are going to add an S at the end, then it's going to be totally eliminated. Is that what you said? Correct. Okay, good. Correct. Yeah. So you do need to have some sort of glottal there in a regular word. So if I say cat, you know, I need to have that glottal there so that, you know, I'm saying cat instead of cat. Yeah. I don't want a pet cat, but I want a pet cat. So it needs to be there. But with the cluster, it could just be too cumbersome. Glottal does count as a consonant. It's part of the consonant cluster. So. So it would be eliminated. Yes. Okay. You know, same. Yeah. Sorry to interrupt. Interrupt. Yeah, no worries. I was gonna say I was petting the cat and because it was all of a sudden I'm saying eat. It looked at me as if, like we. The reaction was as if, who is this? Who's touching me? I mean, imagine a strange person just coming up to you and being like, oh, nicer. Yeah. All right. So any other questions about this? No. We were saying that you will read some of the words. I'll read the first half and then I'll have you read the second half. So for nds, first, so stands not Stand. It's stands. Lens windshield. Wow. It will totally change my English tads a lens. So I'll do first half, and then I'm gonna have you take over the second half only. So, like, friends and then. Oh, oh, you want me to read from friends. Yeah, yeah. So the first half here I'll do. And then you do the second half. Landscape. Handsome. Yeah, yeah. Wow. No way. Okay. All right. Yeah. So, yeah, these could be a little annoying. And then same thing. I'll read the first half like the first day of pts, and then I'll have you read the last. So scripts, interrupts. Okay. Adapts, concepts, excerpts. Yeah. Wow. Perfect. And then we do have. On the next page, we have CTs. Again, most of the time, this is going to be changing how you pronounce the word. So when you talked about nts, we said that usually the T would be pronounced as a bottle with nt, like want. How would the T usually be pronounced in these words? With the cts. We will not pronounce it without the S T. Yeah. So just the ct. How would be pronounced like glottal or half T. Why? Why? I don't know. Why? Because it's at the end. It's a stop sound and it's at the end. I don't know. Yeah, that's what I remember. So that is part of the rule. But there's three steps to that rule. So the rule itself is what if it's half? If it's a stop sound at the end of a word, but you forgot the last part. So the last part is the sound in front of it is important. So it has to be after a vowel or what else do you remember? L, R, M, N. Yes. So it has to be a stop sound under the word after a vowel or L, R, M, N. Is this a stop sound at the end of the word after a K sound? Because the C is pronounced as a K. So usually we would say fact. Oh, fact. Okay, so we are pronouncing the full, complete T. Yes. Okay. Fact. So we're only getting rid of the T if the sound before it would be a vowel or L, R, M, N, a normal consonant. We would actually pronounce it like the word mist. List, Fact. Prompt. Mm. Got it. Right. Yeah, no, I totally forgot that one. And that's why I keep saying that I need to revise, which I never do. No worries. That's why we're reviewing it. Right? Yes. So this one, it changes the word more since you're going from a whole team rather than a Model. So you go from fact to facts, architect to architect. Yes. Projects. Yeah. Sorry. So could you read without and then with the S in the next three? Okay, Well, the STL, right? No, no, for the CTs. So I did facts, architects and projects. What are the next three acts? This is awkward. Acts, prospects, products. So how would you read these without that? So without and then with like facts. Fact. Okay. Act X. Prospect. Prospects. Protect. Protects. Protect. So this is the schwa as well. Protect. Protect. Which one is a schwa? The O instead of pro. Right. How about in prospect? Prospect is pra. It's not a schwa. It's a short A sound. It's a short o or short A, depending. It's a short O sound. It's not prospects, it's prospects. Prospects, like all au. Kind of. That would be awe. That would be prospects. But it's a short as in the word hot. Oh. Oh, okay. Father. Got it, got it, got it. Wow. And how about in project? Latin is also similar. I guess. So this one actually, it depends. So do you remember what we said about stress and schwa? Yes. What's the rule? So schwa is not stressed. Perfect. Yeah. That's why everyone's jealous of schwa. So if you have stress in a syllable, you can never have schwa. It's gonna become a different word. So, for example, become. But if you stress the word, it's become. Yeah. If you have a word that is a noun, usually, not always, but usually the stress is going to be where? Do you know? No, usually it's going to be the first syllable. Okay. For verb, usually it's going to be the second syllable. So, for example, protect is always a verb. Protect. You have to protect something. You can hear the stresses on the second syllable. Protect. That's why the schwa is on the first half here, because the stress is on the second. Prospects. Usually a noun. So the stress is going to be on the first part. Prospect, prospects. But this word, project, you can have a project or you can project something. So it can be a noun or a verb. And that's actually going to change how you say the vowel. So if I project as a verb, you project, it would be with a schwa. I'm going to project my image on the projector. So it's going to change. And we'll go over this as well. There's a whole change to stress, change the meaning thing we'll go over. But if it jumps around to different syllables, then this schwa can also change. Right. And I think we practiced some of it before, when we were doing schwa, where it's pronounced in a way where it's a noun and it's different when it's a verb. We did that. Yeah. Yeah. And when we go over stress, we'll talk about this in more detail as well. It's. It's a pretty interesting part of language, really. Okay. Hopefully that answered your question. And then. So the next part, luckily, this one won't change anything. It's not a suffix. You're not adding anything anywhere. Like with fact and facts. So it's hassle, bustle, costly. Costly it would be, because cost and then costly. Wow. Okay. Yes. Okay. Hassle, mostly hustle. I think I do this perfectly. Like, usually, even usually without knowing the rule. No, not mostly. Not mostly. Hustle. Yes. And wrestle. I think, for these consonant clusters, what I've heard from you is that if it's always that way, like in the word castle, bustle, hustle, wrestle, you say it pretty well. But when you're changing how you would pronounce the word, like mostly instead of mostly, that's the part that can be a little complicated. So when it's a suffix, like with fact versus facts, that's the part that you could use some practice on. From what I've noticed. So I didn't really understand what's the difference mostly, for example, I'm still struggling with that. Yeah. Yeah. So the part that I've already heard that you're good at is when it's always this way. So, for example, bustle. There's no suffix. It's the suffixes and how they change the word that I've heard that you need help. What do you mean by suffix? Like, I know the suffixes are after the word. Yeah. It's when you add something to the word, like most, and then ly is a suffix mostly. Oh, I get that. No. Okay. So you're so used to saying most that your brain wants to pronounce most even when it has that ly. That suffix. Yeah. So same thing with the S. S is also suffix. So fact versus facts. Right. Right. Yeah. Yeah. So it's these suffixes that create the clusters that I think would be helpful for you to practice. Right. You're right. Yeah. So any questions on the clusters themselves? No, I just need to practice. Okay. So after class, you can go ahead and read these practice sentences on the practice sheet. I think those would be very helpful. I think for this one, it's just going to be more recognizing the pattern and going over and checking individual words. I think Your brain's just going to have to process. Oh, it's this kind of weird. This kind of weird kind of thing. All right, so for next time, do you want to go over this a little bit more or do you feel like you're comfortable with this idea? I think this is quite good. I'll make sure to make some time to go over these and practice before our next class, and that will be quite helpful. Okay. It's not confusing. I'll say. Yeah, so I would definitely say go for this and then review the NT as well as some of the other teas that we discussed. So what was it? Nt, Final stops and flap. Yeah, the thing is, I get so busy during the weekend. I have thousand different flans. I work all weekdays, even here. And then the weekends. It's like, my friends would invite me, my relatives would invite me. Tell your friends. No. No social life for me. No, honestly, I feel like minute practices would be the most helpful for you. So minute practices means that find something that just takes a minute. So a tongue twister or I feel for you, a recording would be most helpful. So a prompt recording, that's when you think of an idea like, oh, what did I do today? If I had a superpower, what would it be? And then you talk, literally one minute. And then you go back and listen. You do a general listen and then you do a target listen, where you say, okay, I'm just going to listen in general. Then I'm going to go back and I'm going to listen specifically for teeth. So that's a five minute practice. Oh, so just say something random and then just listen to that for certain pronunciation target. Yeah, we can do one together next time. I'll make a note. We're going to go over some different practice methods next time as well as review. And I think one more type of cluster practice would be helpful for you. So those would be coming up in the next few days. Okay. Yeah. All right. Let me know if you need anything. We'll go over some practices next time. Tell the cats I said hi and I'll see you next week. Okay. Now, before you go, I hope you have one minute. What's your plan after this? Like, how long are you going to stay in the U.S. no idea. My mom had surgery yesterday. I'm just going to take care of her and I will end my life after that. Right. Okay. So I hope she is getting better. She gets better soon. She's also. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm just. I'm gonna help her get to the bathroom for the next week, and then we can. I'll try to work something out for myself. Right. That's. That's on my plate right now, so. All right. Yeah. Yep. I will let you know, though, as soon as I have an idea. Have fun in India. And hopefully you don't freeze when you come back. All right, I'll see you next time. Yes, I'll see you next time.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: It's a little hot. It's getting hot. So it's time to leave India very soon.

Speaker B: So you're leaving just for the heat? Is that why you went to Canada?

Speaker A: Well, that's definitely one of the reasons. But then again, you need to leave Canada when it's cold.

Speaker B: If only there was middle ground.

Speaker A: Looks like you have a proper setup at your home right now.

Speaker B: I do. Besides the cats, you know, got everything all set up here.

Speaker A: Well, last class.

Speaker B: Sorry. I was gonna say, when are you coming back to Canada?

Speaker A: Oh, I'm 27th.

Speaker B: Okay. Nice. Yeah. Hopefully your Canada is not part of the US by then. We'll see.

Speaker A: Yeah, let's hope so. Oh, my. Canada is in. In a really tough position right now. Yeah. In one way, it's not because Trump is asking it to be the 51st straight state, but. But because of the tariffs it's going to impact.

Speaker B: He's rolling back on them, though. He's such a. I. I can't.

Speaker A: Rolling back to. I mean, I think he's just going to introduce tariffs to all countries on April 2nd.

Speaker B: I don't know. He is delaying some of his stuff. If I had to guess, I would say that he's just using the tariffs to, like, negotiate. He's never held his ground on anything. I'll say that.

Speaker A: Okay. I think the tariffs on Canada and China and Mexico, these three are for different reasons, and then the others are kind of. I don't know, probably. I'll not pronounce this word correctly, but retaliatory. So it's like they're just reciprocating whatever the other country is charging them. So. So there are two different cases. And that's why probably we should look at these three countries separately than the others.

Speaker B: I mean, maybe, but I. I don't know. I don't. I don't think he's gonna toss anything out.

Speaker A: Let's see. Let's see.

Speaker B: But then. Yeah. Did you hear the quote? I'll share this last quote that we could get to class, but.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: You know how Canada's threatening to cut off electricity to parts of the U.S. like Michigan?

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: So if we don't have classes, it's because Canada cut me off. But there was a quote from Trump's cabinet saying it's fine even if Canada cuts off electricity. Jesus lived without electricity. So we'll survive.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, definitely we'll survive.

Speaker B: Just. It's the logic. It's. Anyway, yeah, I'm going to be living like Jesus, I guess. We'll see.

Speaker A: We'll see about last week, you know what happened. So because I had a class on Friday, I thought that my class for that week is done and I was having fun on Saturday, I was not even home.

Speaker B: So going out and having. With the stray cats probably. Yeah. Usually I do have students. Sometimes they'll reschedule a class and then they actually like I had another student who canceled the same week as you, and then he had a class on Friday and then Saturday as well. It's all good. If you do want to cancel, just do let me know specifically when you would like to cancel or something like that, because I'll never assume and then just cancel on you without a heads up.

Speaker A: In fact, I just came home 10 minutes ago.

Speaker B: Okay. Today?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Well, yeah, let's. Let's go ahead and get into it then. So last time we started talking about consonant clusters. Can you remind me what's happening here?

Speaker A: No, I'm sorry, I haven't been really paying attention to the theory. I mean, in the class. Yes. But after that I didn't have any time.

Speaker B: No worries. Let's review if you want to open up the constant cluster presentation.

Speaker A: Yes, one second. I'm shopping and doing shopping and all that, you know, that's why I don't know if you saw this. I was just trying this thing on anyway, just before you joined, I was actually taking it up anyway.

Speaker B: What do the stray cats think of it though?

Speaker A: Well, yesterday when I was. When I was going somewhere, I just got out of my home and I saw that sitting somewhere. How do I say it's sitting on a wall? How else can I describe that? Not a wall. What do you call those things that are surrounding the house? You know, like a fence, but not really a fence.

Speaker B: Yeah, you could say either a wall or a fence. Really?

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Or. Yeah, yeah, it depends on if it's a wall or fence.

Speaker A: Yeah, it is just there and then I. These days I'm struggling with my English. What's going on?

Speaker B: Have you been speaking English? I know India has a nice name.

Speaker A: No, I'm speaking in Bengali, my native language. And even last day when I was. I had a meeting with my client, I was really struggling, like to describe the normal things I was struggling.

Speaker B: It happens. I actually have a student who's gone for two weeks to visit his parents and he's going to come back and he's not going to remember what English is. I can already tell. All right, let's review these consonant clusters. So that will definitely help. So do you have it open?

Speaker A: Yeah, I'M just there, one second. Cluster.

Speaker B: It's under reductions. It's near the bottom

Speaker A: reduction. Okay. Yes, I found that worksheet right now. Presentation. Okay, yeah, I see it.

Speaker B: Yeah. So rather than going over the explanation again, let's see if we can get a little bit of a jogged memory on the fifth slide.

Speaker A: Fifth, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: So what's going on here? You seem to have that spark of recognition.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's like. It's the. I see. For the first set of examples, it's the P that is getting eliminated. It's more. I think it's the one that is in the middle is not being pronounced.

Speaker B: The what? Yeah, it is. It's the one in the middle. But the one what? So what circumstance. Why is P getting eliminated? It's in the middle of what? So it has to do with vowels and consonants.

Speaker A: No, I really forgot.

Speaker B: So when you have three or more consonants next to each other, it's going to be in the one. The one in the middle that goes. So three consonants can be rather cumbersome. It would be very annoying to have to say empty. Empty. So we just say empty. Yes, mt. So we skip the P altogether. It's empty. We don't say prompt, we say prompt. Prompt, Prompt. So we're skipping over it for the sake of simplicity because we don't want to torture ourselves that way. So we don't do this in every single cluster. We do it with most of them. And most of them we're going to be going over specifically today. One of the reasons this can be a little difficult is because you can see it changes how you pronounce an individual word. For example, nts. You can see all of these are. They have a four word and then they have the suffix X or S. S. So, for example, want, Rent. Think. How are we pronouncing the T in those words? Want. Rent. Faint.

Speaker A: Right. We are not pronouncing it Right.

Speaker B: What are we doing?

Speaker A: We're eliminating T. Just.

Speaker B: It's completely gone.

Speaker A: Mm.

Speaker B: Yeah. So it's not completely gone. Really. We are pronouncing it as either half T or a glottal.

Speaker A: Remember?

Speaker B: Because we're not saying wa re. Fane wah. Ren fein. Ren versus ren fein versus Fate. Cat. Can. Cat. Cat. Yeah, we do have something there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Fit. Fit. Something like that. So we do have either a glottal or a half teeth.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: Or whatever you're comfortable with. But we are eliminating it completely when it's in the middle of N and S. Right. So we just N. Yeah, we still have a bit of a sound there as is added and we're not going to even bother. So it goes from want to wants rent to rents faint to faints. You can hear I might have a little bit of a glottal, but it's not necessary.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I hear that.

Speaker B: Glottal is fond. Can you try to read some of

Speaker A: these words for me? The anti. S. Okay. Once fence. Fence, pants comes pin size.

Speaker B: Pint size.

Speaker A: Pint size. Sorry, Pint size.

Speaker B: Yeah. So a pint, it's like a measurement and then size. So this just means really small. You can also use it as an insult if someone's, like, really short.

Speaker A: It told me last time.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. All right. Any questions? Let's go over on the next slide then. We have another couple of groupings here. Can you tell me what would be happening here on the sixth slide?

Speaker A: Well, NDS, we are eliminating D&PTs, we are eliminating T.

Speaker B: Yes. And could you go ahead. I'm going to read the first line of these.

Speaker A: Yes. See, before you do that, in the last slide, you said for nts, you mentioned when it's one, let's say it's not. It doesn't have that S in the end, then you are going to do glottal or half T. But when you are going to add an S at the end, then it's going to be totally eliminated. Is that what you said?

Speaker B: Correct.

Speaker A: Okay, good.

Speaker B: Correct. Yeah. So you do need to have some sort of glottal there in a regular word. So if I say cat, you know, I need to have that glottal there so that, you know, I'm saying cat instead of cat. Yeah. I don't want a pet cat, but I want a pet cat. So it needs to be there. But with the cluster, it could just be too cumbersome. Glottal does count as a consonant. It's part of the consonant cluster. So. So it would be eliminated. Yes.

Speaker A: Okay. You know, same.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Sorry to interrupt. Interrupt.

Speaker B: Yeah, no worries.

Speaker A: I was gonna say I was petting the cat and because it was all of a sudden I'm saying eat. It looked at me as if, like we. The reaction was as if, who is this? Who's touching me?

Speaker B: I mean, imagine a strange person just coming up to you and being like, oh, nicer. Yeah. All right. So any other questions about this?

Speaker A: No. We were saying that you will read some of the words.

Speaker B: I'll read the first half and then I'll have you read the second half. So for nds, first, so stands not Stand. It's stands. Lens windshield.

Speaker A: Wow. It will totally change my English tads a lens.

Speaker B: So I'll do first half, and then I'm gonna have you take over the second half only. So, like, friends and then.

Speaker A: Oh, oh, you want me to read from friends.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. So the first half here I'll do. And then you do the second half.

Speaker A: Landscape. Handsome. Yeah, yeah. Wow. No way. Okay. All right.

Speaker B: Yeah. So, yeah, these could be a little annoying. And then same thing. I'll read the first half like the first day of pts, and then I'll have you read the last. So scripts, interrupts.

Speaker A: Okay. Adapts, concepts, excerpts.

Speaker B: Yeah. Wow. Perfect. And then we do have. On the next page, we have CTs. Again, most of the time, this is going to be changing how you pronounce the word. So when you talked about nts, we said that usually the T would be pronounced as a bottle with nt, like want. How would the T usually be pronounced in these words? With the cts. We will not pronounce it without the S T. Yeah. So just the ct. How would be pronounced

Speaker A: like glottal or half T.

Speaker B: Why?

Speaker A: Why? I don't know. Why? Because it's at the end. It's a stop sound and it's at the end. I don't know. Yeah, that's what I remember.

Speaker B: So that is part of the rule. But there's three steps to that rule. So the rule itself is what if it's half? If it's a stop sound at the end of a word, but you forgot the last part. So the last part is the sound in front of it is important. So it has to be after a vowel or what else do you remember? L, R, M, N. Yes. So it has to be a stop sound under the word after a vowel or L, R, M, N. Is this a stop sound at the end of the word after a K sound? Because the C is pronounced as a K. So usually we would say fact. Oh, fact.

Speaker A: Okay, so we are pronouncing the full, complete T. Yes. Okay. Fact.

Speaker B: So we're only getting rid of the T if the sound before it would be a vowel or L, R, M, N, a normal consonant. We would actually pronounce it like the word mist. List, Fact. Prompt.

Speaker A: Mm. Got it. Right. Yeah, no, I totally forgot that one. And that's why I keep saying that I need to revise, which I never do.

Speaker B: No worries. That's why we're reviewing it. Right?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: So this one, it changes the word more since you're going from a whole team rather than a Model. So you go from fact to facts, architect to architect.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Projects. Yeah.

Speaker A: Sorry.

Speaker B: So could you read without and then with the S in the next three?

Speaker A: Okay, Well, the STL, right?

Speaker B: No, no, for the CTs. So I did facts, architects and projects. What are the next three acts?

Speaker A: This is awkward. Acts, prospects, products.

Speaker B: So how would you read these without that? So without and then with like facts. Fact.

Speaker A: Okay. Act X. Prospect. Prospects. Protect. Protects.

Speaker B: Protect. So this is the schwa as well. Protect. Protect.

Speaker A: Which one is a schwa?

Speaker B: The O instead of pro.

Speaker A: Right. How about in prospect?

Speaker B: Prospect is pra. It's not a schwa. It's a short A sound. It's a short o or short A, depending. It's a short O sound. It's not prospects, it's prospects.

Speaker A: Prospects, like all au. Kind of.

Speaker B: That would be awe. That would be prospects. But it's a short as in the word hot. Oh.

Speaker A: Oh, okay.

Speaker B: Father.

Speaker A: Got it, got it, got it. Wow. And how about in project? Latin is also similar. I guess.

Speaker B: So this one actually, it depends. So do you remember what we said about stress and schwa?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: What's the rule?

Speaker A: So schwa is not stressed.

Speaker B: Perfect.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: That's why everyone's jealous of schwa. So if you have stress in a syllable, you can never have schwa. It's gonna become a different word. So, for example, become. But if you stress the word, it's become. Yeah. If you have a word that is a noun, usually, not always, but usually the stress is going to be where? Do you know? No, usually it's going to be the first syllable.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: For verb, usually it's going to be the second syllable. So, for example, protect is always a verb. Protect. You have to protect something. You can hear the stresses on the second syllable. Protect. That's why the schwa is on the first half here, because the stress is on the second. Prospects. Usually a noun. So the stress is going to be on the first part. Prospect, prospects. But this word, project, you can have a project or you can project something. So it can be a noun or a verb. And that's actually going to change how you say the vowel. So if I project as a verb, you project, it would be with a schwa. I'm going to project my image on the projector. So it's going to change. And we'll go over this as well. There's a whole change to stress, change the meaning thing we'll go over. But if it jumps around to different syllables, then this schwa can also change.

Speaker A: Right. And I think we practiced some of it before, when we were doing schwa, where it's pronounced in a way where it's a noun and it's different when it's a verb. We did that.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. And when we go over stress, we'll talk about this in more detail as well.

Speaker A: It's.

Speaker B: It's a pretty interesting part of language, really.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Hopefully that answered your question. And then. So the next part, luckily, this one won't change anything. It's not a suffix. You're not adding anything anywhere. Like with fact and facts. So it's hassle, bustle, costly. Costly it would be, because cost and then costly. Wow.

Speaker A: Okay. Yes. Okay. Hassle, mostly hustle. I think I do this perfectly. Like, usually, even usually without knowing the rule. No, not mostly. Not mostly. Hustle. Yes. And wrestle.

Speaker B: I think, for these consonant clusters, what I've heard from you is that if it's always that way, like in the word castle, bustle, hustle, wrestle, you say it pretty well. But when you're changing how you would pronounce the word, like mostly instead of mostly, that's the part that can be a little complicated. So when it's a suffix, like with fact versus facts, that's the part that you could use some practice on. From what I've noticed.

Speaker A: So I didn't really understand what's the difference mostly, for example, I'm still struggling with that.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. So the part that I've already heard that you're good at is when it's always this way. So, for example, bustle. There's no suffix. It's the suffixes and how they change the word that I've heard that you need help.

Speaker A: What do you mean by suffix? Like, I know the suffixes are after the word.

Speaker B: Yeah. It's when you add something to the word, like most, and then ly is a suffix mostly.

Speaker A: Oh, I get that. No. Okay.

Speaker B: So you're so used to saying most that your brain wants to pronounce most even when it has that ly.

Speaker A: That suffix. Yeah.

Speaker B: So same thing with the S. S is also suffix. So fact versus facts.

Speaker A: Right. Right. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. So it's these suffixes that create the clusters that I think would be helpful for you to practice.

Speaker A: Right. You're right. Yeah.

Speaker B: So any questions on the clusters themselves?

Speaker A: No, I just need to practice.

Speaker B: Okay. So after class, you can go ahead and read these practice sentences on the practice sheet. I think those would be very helpful. I think for this one, it's just going to be more recognizing the pattern and going over and checking individual words. I think Your brain's just going to have to process. Oh, it's this kind of weird. This kind of weird kind of thing. All right, so for next time, do you want to go over this a little bit more or do you feel like you're comfortable with this idea?

Speaker A: I think this is quite good. I'll make sure to make some time to go over these and practice before our next class, and that will be quite helpful.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: It's not confusing. I'll say.

Speaker B: Yeah, so I would definitely say go for this and then review the NT as well as some of the other teas that we discussed. So what was it? Nt, Final stops and flap.

Speaker A: Yeah, the thing is, I get so busy during the weekend. I have thousand different flans. I work all weekdays, even here. And then the weekends. It's like, my friends would invite me, my relatives would invite me.

Speaker B: Tell your friends. No. No social life for me. No, honestly, I feel like minute practices would be the most helpful for you. So minute practices means that find something that just takes a minute. So a tongue twister or I feel for you, a recording would be most helpful. So a prompt recording, that's when you think of an idea like, oh, what did I do today? If I had a superpower, what would it be? And then you talk, literally one minute. And then you go back and listen. You do a general listen and then you do a target listen, where you say, okay, I'm just going to listen in general. Then I'm going to go back and I'm going to listen specifically for teeth. So that's a five minute practice.

Speaker A: Oh, so just say something random and then just listen to that for certain pronunciation target.

Speaker B: Yeah, we can do one together next time. I'll make a note. We're going to go over some different practice methods next time as well as review. And I think one more type of cluster practice would be helpful for you. So those would be coming up in the next few days.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. All right. Let me know if you need anything. We'll go over some practices next time. Tell the cats I said hi and I'll see you next week. Okay.

Speaker A: Now, before you go, I hope you have one minute. What's your plan after this? Like, how long are you going to stay in the U.S. no idea.

Speaker B: My mom had surgery yesterday. I'm just going to take care of her and I will end my life after that.

Speaker A: Right. Okay. So I hope she is getting better. She gets better soon.

Speaker B: She's also.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: I'm just. I'm gonna help her get to the bathroom for the next week, and then we can. I'll try to work something out for myself.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: That's. That's on my plate right now, so.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yep. I will let you know, though, as soon as I have an idea. Have fun in India. And hopefully you don't freeze when you come back. All right, I'll see you next time.

Speaker A: Yes, I'll see you next time.

