Transcript for: Recording__673.mp4
Title: Recording #673
============================================================

You know, I got back in Munich last night. I'm here for the weekend, and then I'm heading back to the U.S. okay, I see. Yeah. And how long will you. You don't know how long you will stay in the U.S. oh, just a month. Just a month. Okay. Yeah. Yep. I see. Okay, so let's get started. Yes. So how have things been? I know that last time we went over short E, and that one could prove to be a little difficult because you have to have the tongue kind of exact. So have you gotten a chance to practice that one? A little bit, but I. I'm not sure how good it is now. I was trying to think, hey, these are very common words. How would I just. How about I just pronounce it? I mean, let's see how I can do it. I of course, try to understand the tongue positions and. And all, but I decided not to stress too much about it, so. Yeah, you shouldn't stress the sound. Yeah, Yeah. I mean, I wasn't talking about the stressing the sound, but then I was talking about stressing myself up when I was pronouncing these words. I have gone over that a little bit, but I think it's still not perfect. And I was also going over the documents for the worksheets for white, short and shortage, just so I can I remember everything. It feels like after two weeks I forgot everything. So. Yeah, no more English for you. Yeah. All right. Yeah, so totally. You said that A and E. You want to kind of go over a little bit? Yes, I have gone over those. All right, cool. Let's kind of see where you are if you want to go to the breaking news English. Do you have the website or I can resend it. Oh, on the one that you send in the chat. Yeah, we've got over it a couple of times. It's usually by go to. Yeah, okay, I'm there on the website. Awesome. So short E and the short A's generally come in enough sound where you can go ahead and just pick something that you think would be interesting. What do I have to do here? Start. Pick one that you think looks interesting. Okay, so this is. I. I just see the start now button. What should I click here? And then there are latest news for the one I just sent. Yeah. So let's see. The one I sent should have a list of different headlines and different readings. So this is what I see right now. Do you see my screen? It's transferring. Yeah. So do you see those headlines? These below? Yes. Okay. Yeah. Pick whatever you think Looks interesting. So there's a. You can take a second scroll through there. You could scroll down. There's a good number of different readings. Okay, let's see. Let's go with this one. Cycling is good for your knees. No. Do you cycle? Yeah. Yeah. All right, so let. Let's see how that affects your knees. Go ahead and start. Start reading it to me. You could go ahead and stop sharing your screen as well, by the way. I have the site on my end. Okay. Yeah. Cycling is a great way to keep feet and healthy. It strengthens our heart, keeps our weight down, and is good for mental health. A little known and perhaps surprising benefit of getting on a bike is that it is good for our knees. A new. Can you. Sorry, sorry, sorry. Could you go ahead and. I think there are a couple things in the first couple sentences. I want to keep an ear out for one more time. Okay. So you want me to reread that? The first few sentences. Okay. Cycling is a great way to keep fit and healthy. It strengthens our heart, keeps our weight down, and is good for mental health. New. Sorry. A little known and perhaps surprising benefit of getting on a bike is that it is good for our knees. Keep going. A new study says cyclists are less likely to experience knee pain later in life than people who do not ride bicycles. The study was conducted by a research team from Baylor College of medicine in the USA. Researchers surveyed 2,600 men and women with an average age of 64. The survey participants were asked about their levels of physical activity. They also had X rays of their knees taken. This was to look for signs and levels of arthritis in their knee joints. Do you want me to keep reading? Yeah, keep. Go ahead and finish this one. The lead researcher, Dr. Grace Lowe, said the results of the research were surprising. She said cyclists were 21% less likely to to have signs of osteoarthritis compared to those who did not have a history of cycling. She added, I was surprised to see how very strong the benefit of cycling was. A lot of research shows that cyclists are around 20% less likely to die prematurely. Dr. Low said cycling is a great preventives, preventative strategy for many things, including arthritis. Sorry. Osteoarthritis is often called wear and tear arthritis. It's what happens when we use cartilage in our joints a lot. The cartilage wears down and becomes painful. Arthritis most commonly affects the over 50s. All right, so tell me real quick, just a quick summary of what happened and your thoughts on this article. And I asked you to do this because usually when people are reading, they pronounce things way differently than when they speak. So I want to get you speaking for a second. Hi. Well, I was not too much ever about where the short A's are, Wide A's are, shorties are. I was ever to some extent about schwa in some cases for very complicated right now. We could talk about that in a second. But to get you talking real quick, just about the article, like the context. Okay. Well, it's about cycling and its benefits. And the top researcher, Grace Low, Dr. Grace Lowe, when they conducted the study, after the study, they found that those with a history of cycling had a much healthier knee compared to those who didn't. And it. She. She specifically found that cycling is beneficial for arthritis. I mean. Yeah, it's good for arthritis. I mean those who cycle doesn't have arthritis. You said you cycle. Do you cycle often? I mean, not these days, but I do cycle. I mean I used to. Not right now. Have you heard about this before? No, but the knee health. No. So do you, do you cycle for fun or do you cycle because it is supposed to be super good for you or. Oh, I would say for fun. Yeah, yeah. Not for your knees. No, not for my knees. Okay. Okay. So going back to sounds a little bit kind of redirecting towards all these, these fun phonemes. You did say that you didn't really notice the short E neither. Short A, short lack, say shorty. But sure, in some cases. But I, I'm sure I missed many. Yeah. So usually when we do these readings, I want to hear how you would naturally say it anyway. So don't worry about trying to hunt those all down. Kind of say how you naturally would. Yeah. I want to say. Do you remember when we went over short E and then short E in front of R? Yes. Care. Yeah. Can you remind me what's the R doing? What's happening there? The R. No, I forgot the difference. So what happens with. To make the short E sound? What happens. Okay, give me a second. Because I went over all three and it's. Yeah, they're kind of blending in together. Yeah. Short E. So yeah, for short E, the tongue bends in the middle. Not too much, just little. And. And the jaw opens a little bit and I think that is it. Yeah, yeah. The tongue, it just, it goes up just very, very, very slightly. It's almost as lazy as schwa. And when it goes up, the jaw opens and it's eh. Very, very simple. What about the tenseness level of this sound? It's not Too tense. Okay. Yeah. Add. So what happens to it when R is added right after it becomes more tense? Yes. It lifts up just a little bit more and it becomes more tense and it makes that air. So, like wear bear hair, things like that. Okay, yeah, I remember now. I remember now. Yeah, yeah. So I did want to point out that when it came to regular short E, it. It was kind of jumbled a little bit. So there were some sounds where it's like, oh, maybe this is meant to be a short E, but it was short I instead. Or, you know, it was supposed to be short I, but instead. So there were a few sounds where maybe you replaced short E with that sound or you replaced that sound with short E. We'll talk about how common that is in just a minute. But that is something I noticed. Except when there was an R after it. So there was quite a few here where. Tear care. Whatever it is. There were quite a few here. I did record you reading, so you can go back and listen, but you did pretty well on those for the most part. Okay. So short E in general, we're going to have to narrow down what words are where, things like that. And so that's something to definitely keep practicing, keep an ear out for. But as far as before R, you can maybe tense it a little bit, but it was definitely clearer than. So you're saying I didn't do it properly when there was just short E without R with R. You did pretty well. For example, we were talking about without R, that was the one where maybe it wouldn't be as sharp and it would be replaced with a different sound sometimes. Or sometimes I would even hear a different sound that was supposed to be a different sound. For example, a short eye replaced with short E. For example, the word woman. Yeah. And women, I think you said. I don't think you said the short E sound there. Okay. In the first reading. So you kind of replace short E with something else. I don't remember what it was. So. So we'll talk about that. But it was. It was a little mixed around. Not. Not horribly, but a little bit more mixed around. Yeah. But then when it did come to R, it did really well. Okay. So that's something you could keep your ear out for when you are listening to the recording and just kind of be aware of that. We. Did I send you. Hold on, let me try to find it. Did I send you the IPA translator site thing? You did, I think yes. I don't remember what exactly that site was. Was it we teachers? I was the one I just sent. It's called Two phonetics. Oh, no, I don't think it gave me this one before. Okay, so let me go over how that might be helpful practice wise. I'll share my screen with you as well. Give me just a moment. Yeah, sure. So do you remember what IPA is? The phonetics. Yeah, it's the phonetics. So what is ipa? International Phonetic Alphabet. And this means. I'll show you. So do you see how on this hand it's the article we just read and then on this hand it looks like a foreign language? Yeah. So, yeah, this is ipa. And what that is doing is that all of these symbols will mean the same thing every single time. So for example, in English you'll have the same sound, but it's spelled different ways, right? Yes. In ipa, it's literally just symbols that represent the same sound every single time. So if you do this, you can see this sound is short e and you can translate. Okay, here's this, right? Where's the short E? So for example, you can see, researchers surveyed 2600 men and women. So you could see here, men. And then this is the schwa. Woman. Okay, Men and women. Sometimes people say it with an I as well. Women. Okay. But you could see, for example, here's men. She said you can look over here. Said, short E. Did I do a mistake there for said? No, no, I think that one you said pretty well. Healthy is another short E. Again, I think you did okay on this. But you could see where they're meant to be. So here, new survey says. Says, yeah, cyclists have less. Less. You can kind of match it up. Even if you can't read this, you can kind of. You can kind of sort it out. So you could do this line by line, word by word, whatever you want to do. Of course, you don't have to do the full thing. That would be kind of monstrous of me to say do the full thing every time. But it can be helpful to get a general idea. This is really good. Yeah. And I can do it for everything. Schwa even. Yeah, yeah. The one thing to know is that sometimes this uses a little bit different. For example, like I said, women, I use it with an I. Women. Okay. This one says to say woman. So sometimes it's a little off. It's accurate. I'd say it's maybe like 85% accurate. So it can be helpful. But yeah, for things like very wear, tear wear the other wear, you did pretty well. Okay. So if you're just trying to figure out where the sound is by itself self. This can be a helpful head start with that. Yeah, right. This is great. Yeah. So I think that might be a little bit helpful with the practice I did record. You can go through it, read this while you listen. See if you got all the E's. Right. Yeah. You could do the same thing with short A. Of course. Sure. On that note, I think it might be helpful to specifically read the short E practice. Okay. Just because I want to see if you read it differently when you're more aware of where it is. So you could open the practice sheet. Yeah, I'm there. Perfect. Okay. Go down to short E R. Okay. All right, I'm there. All right. So far. Okay. So could you read 24 to 30 for me? Not the sentences. Okay. Bearer of bad news. Yeah. Wear a suit. Square peg. Bright Glare beyond compare. Repairman. Sorry, Repairman. Bedroom upstairs. Sorry. Bedroom upstairs. Yeah. So can you maybe notice in number 30? So bedroom doesn't have the R. Upstairs does so bedroom upstairs. How they E is a little bit different. Yes, it is. And I think I still not doing it correctly when it's bad. Yeah, I see the difference. When you are pronouncing it. Yeah. Where is your tongue? I. We talked about it last time. Your tongue was a little bit too far back. Where would you go ahead and read? Do you see short E? Yeah. Other consonants. Can you read maybe 31 through 40 for me? Okay. This one should be like the normal E. And just pay attention where your tongue is at this point. Cliff edge education. Budget. Chicken egg. Economics expert. Echoing cheers from equator. Where is it? Number 36. From Equator. From equator. Ecuador. Ecuador. Okay. Okay. Sorry. Yeah. Ecuador. Yeah. So sorry. So Ecuador and then equator. Make sure not to flip. Flip those. So Ecuador. Ecuador. Yeah. Okay, I see. Yeah. So this, this door is literally like the door that you open. Okay. Ecuador. Right. Ecuador. Okay. Oh, go ahead. Okay. Newspaper editor. Edible Favorite episode. Rough estimate. So could you tell where is your tongue at this point? I think it's going. It's not constant. It's not fixed. I'm pronouncing different E's in different ways. In some cases I tried to. Or I observed that I feel. In some cases I don't remember exactly when, but I feel I was doing it correctly. The tongue was pro bending in the middle. Right in the middle for the last one, for example. Estimate. I feel like my. The front of the tongue is touching the upper pellet. So rough estimate or something. Estimate. I don't know. It's hard to. But I think it's not correct for all of those words. So you said you feel like you got it correct on estimate. What are some words you felt it was not on estimate. I feel it was wrong there on estimate. So where was it? Est. Estimate. Est. Wow. It's so hard to observe. S. Well, let's. Let's start with this. So how much are you dropping your jaw with short E for this one? Estimate. Not too much. It's little. Yeah. So. And how. Where's the tip of your tongue? Estimate. Estimate. Yeah. So if you say the word real slowly, that's the sound every value can. Short vowels. It's one position, so you could hold it out. Estimate. Estimate. Where's your tongue? Estimate. Well, if I do that, then it's proper. The tip of the tongue is not touching anything. Is it up in the mouth? Estimate. Okay. Do it one more time so that I can imitate you. Yeah, yeah, sure. So if you just slow down the word. For example, if you say it normal. Estimate. Estimate. Estimate. Estimate. Estimate. I feel like it's not touching anything. It's almost floating. It's not touching the lower palate. It's not touching anything. The tip of the tongue. The tip of the tongue isn't. Yeah. So would you say it's not touching anything? Like, for example, it's up maybe in the middle of the mouth or kind of in the lower. I feel I am when I'm imitating you. I think I'm doing it correctly and I hear the sound and trying to replicate that. And how high is the middle of the tongue? Because if it's up just a little bit on the tip of the tongue, that's fine. But you want to make sure it's not like going AWOL in the top. Yeah. Estimate. I think I need. Could you please send me some recordings of pronouncing this slowly? Some of the words that will help me practice. Surely it will. So you want me to read some of these and record me saying them slow? Yeah, like you're breaking it down. Like you're dragging the pronunciation if you. You do that. Sure. That would be wonderful. Sure. Did I send any other links on this sound? There's some good other resources out there. Did you look at the short E words list the link? Did you send me a link? Yeah, yeah, I think I sent you a link last time. It has some diamonds. Yeah, we teachers. Awesome. Yeah. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to make that recording. If you think it would be helpful, I'm going to send you some other Things. For example, I think we talked about Rachel's English. She's pretty good at, you know, kind of showing more what's in the mouth and everything like that. So sometimes she just explains it a little differently. And so I'll send her. I'll see if there's any other websites that I know. I'll try to send you a few things. Keep practicing it. I would say so. Do you remember when we talked about how you already say it Right. When there's an R? So, for example, error. Errand. Leather pair. Yeah. You can say those words. Realize where you're lifting the tongue. You're lifting in the same place. So you're already. When you say the ones with R, you know you're lifting in the correct place. You just want to make sure you're not lifting as much or tensing as much. Would you say the regular E? So if you get used to the ones with R, maybe practice those ones first, and then you realize, like, oh, I'm lifting here. And then you realize, would you do the, like, the other E that maybe you're lifting over here? You know? Okay, that's the wrong place. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah. So I will send you other things. I'll make the recording for you. I want you to practice the R first because you're closer with that one. And then kind of see if you can realize where are you lifting the tongue and how high, and then just lower it a little bit for all the other E sounds. We're also next time going to go over something short called short I, which often is switched around with short E. So maybe clarifying what not to do might be helpful. Short E wise. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Sounds good. Yep. If you have any questions on the things I do end up sending you do, let me know. If not, I will see you next time. Sure. Yeah. Sounds good. Thank you so much. My voice. Okay. All right. Thank you so much. Have a wonderful day. You, too. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: You know, I got back in Munich last night. I'm here for the weekend, and then I'm heading back to the U.S. okay, I see. Yeah.

Speaker B: And how long will you. You don't know how long you will

Speaker A: stay in the U.S. oh, just a month.

Speaker B: Just a month. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yep.

Speaker B: I see. Okay, so let's get started.

Speaker A: Yes. So how have things been? I know that last time we went over short E, and that one could prove to be a little difficult because you have to have the tongue kind of exact. So have you gotten a chance to practice that one?

Speaker B: A little bit, but I. I'm not sure how good it is now. I was trying to think, hey, these are very common words. How would I just. How about I just pronounce it? I mean, let's see how I can do it. I of course, try to understand the tongue positions and. And all, but I decided not to stress too much about it, so.

Speaker A: Yeah, you shouldn't stress the sound.

Speaker B: Yeah, Yeah. I mean, I wasn't talking about the stressing the sound, but then I was talking about stressing myself up when I was pronouncing these words. I have gone over that a little bit, but I think it's still not perfect. And I was also going over the documents for the worksheets for white, short and shortage, just so I can I remember everything. It feels like after two weeks I forgot everything. So.

Speaker A: Yeah, no more English for you.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: All right. Yeah, so totally. You said that A and E. You want to kind of go over a little bit?

Speaker B: Yes, I have gone over those.

Speaker A: All right, cool. Let's kind of see where you are if you want to go to the breaking news English. Do you have the website or I can resend it.

Speaker B: Oh, on the one that you send in the chat.

Speaker A: Yeah, we've got over it a couple of times. It's usually by go to.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay, I'm there on the website.

Speaker A: Awesome. So short E and the short A's generally come in enough sound where you can go ahead and just pick something that you think would be interesting.

Speaker B: What do I have to do here? Start.

Speaker A: Pick one that you think looks interesting.

Speaker B: Okay, so this is. I. I just see the start now button. What should I click here? And then there are latest news

Speaker A: for the one I just sent.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So let's see. The one I sent should have a list of different headlines and different readings.

Speaker B: So this is what I see right now. Do you see my screen?

Speaker A: It's transferring. Yeah. So do you see those headlines?

Speaker B: These below?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Pick whatever you think Looks interesting. So there's a. You can take a second scroll through there. You could scroll down. There's a good number of different readings.

Speaker B: Okay, let's see. Let's go with this one. Cycling is good for your knees. No.

Speaker A: Do you cycle?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. All right, so let. Let's see how that affects your knees. Go ahead and start. Start reading it to me. You could go ahead and stop sharing your screen as well, by the way. I have the site on my end.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. Cycling is a great way to keep feet and healthy. It strengthens our heart, keeps our weight down, and is good for mental health. A little known and perhaps surprising benefit of getting on a bike is that it is good for our knees. A new.

Speaker A: Can you. Sorry, sorry, sorry. Could you go ahead and. I think there are a couple things in the first couple sentences. I want to keep an ear out for one more time.

Speaker B: Okay. So you want me to reread that? The first few sentences. Okay. Cycling is a great way to keep fit and healthy. It strengthens our heart, keeps our weight down, and is good for mental health. New. Sorry. A little known and perhaps surprising benefit of getting on a bike is that it is good for our knees.

Speaker A: Keep going.

Speaker B: A new study says cyclists are less likely to experience knee pain later in life than people who do not ride bicycles. The study was conducted by a research team from Baylor College of medicine in the USA. Researchers surveyed 2,600 men and women with an average age of 64. The survey participants were asked about their levels of physical activity. They also had X rays of their knees taken. This was to look for signs and levels of arthritis in their knee joints. Do you want me to keep reading?

Speaker A: Yeah, keep. Go ahead and finish this one.

Speaker B: The lead researcher, Dr. Grace Lowe, said the results of the research were surprising. She said cyclists were 21% less likely to to have signs of osteoarthritis compared to those who did not have a history of cycling. She added, I was surprised to see how very strong the benefit of cycling was. A lot of research shows that cyclists are around 20% less likely to die prematurely. Dr. Low said cycling is a great preventives, preventative strategy for many things, including arthritis. Sorry. Osteoarthritis is often called wear and tear arthritis. It's what happens when we use cartilage in our joints a lot. The cartilage wears down and becomes painful. Arthritis most commonly affects the over 50s.

Speaker A: All right, so tell me real quick, just a quick summary of what happened and your thoughts on this article. And I asked you to do this because usually when people are reading, they pronounce things way differently than when they speak. So I want to get you speaking for a second.

Speaker B: Hi. Well, I was not too much ever about where the short A's are, Wide A's are, shorties are. I was ever to some extent about schwa in some cases for very complicated right now.

Speaker A: We could talk about that in a second. But to get you talking real quick, just about the article, like the context.

Speaker B: Okay. Well, it's about cycling and its benefits.

Speaker A: And

Speaker B: the top researcher, Grace Low, Dr. Grace Lowe, when they conducted the study, after the study, they found that those with a history of cycling had a much healthier knee compared to those who didn't. And it. She. She specifically found that cycling is beneficial for arthritis. I mean. Yeah, it's good for arthritis. I mean those who cycle doesn't have arthritis.

Speaker A: You said you cycle. Do you cycle often?

Speaker B: I mean, not these days, but I do cycle. I mean I used to. Not right now.

Speaker A: Have you heard about this before? No, but the knee health.

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: So do you, do you cycle for fun or do you cycle because it is supposed to be super good for you or.

Speaker B: Oh, I would say for fun.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Not for your knees.

Speaker B: No, not for my knees.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So going back to sounds a little bit kind of redirecting towards all these, these fun phonemes. You did say that you didn't really notice the short E neither.

Speaker B: Short A, short lack, say shorty. But sure, in some cases. But I, I'm sure I missed many.

Speaker A: Yeah. So usually when we do these readings, I want to hear how you would naturally say it anyway. So don't worry about trying to hunt those all down. Kind of say how you naturally would.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: I want to say. Do you remember when we went over short E and then short E in front of R?

Speaker B: Yes. Care.

Speaker A: Yeah. Can you remind me what's the R doing? What's happening there?

Speaker B: The R. No, I forgot the difference.

Speaker A: So what happens with. To make the short E sound?

Speaker B: What happens. Okay, give me a second. Because I went over all three and it's.

Speaker A: Yeah, they're kind of blending in together.

Speaker B: Yeah. Short E. So yeah, for short E, the tongue bends in the middle. Not too much, just little. And. And the jaw opens a little bit and I think that is it.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. The tongue, it just, it goes up just very, very, very slightly. It's almost as lazy as schwa. And when it goes up, the jaw opens and it's eh. Very, very simple. What about the tenseness level of this sound?

Speaker B: It's not Too tense.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Add. So what happens to it when R is added right after it becomes more tense? Yes. It lifts up just a little bit more and it becomes more tense and it makes that air. So, like wear bear hair, things like that.

Speaker B: Okay, yeah, I remember now. I remember now.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So I did want to point out that when it came to regular short E, it. It was kind of jumbled a little bit. So there were some sounds where it's like, oh, maybe this is meant to be a short E, but it was short I instead. Or, you know, it was supposed to be short I, but instead. So there were a few sounds where maybe you replaced short E with that sound or you replaced that sound with short E. We'll talk about how common that is in just a minute. But that is something I noticed. Except when there was an R after it. So there was quite a few here where. Tear care. Whatever it is. There were quite a few here. I did record you reading, so you can go back and listen, but you did pretty well on those for the most part.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So short E in general, we're going to have to narrow down what words are where, things like that. And so that's something to definitely keep practicing, keep an ear out for. But as far as before R, you can maybe tense it a little bit, but it was definitely clearer than.

Speaker B: So you're saying I didn't do it properly when there was just short E

Speaker A: without R with R. You did pretty well. For example, we were talking about without R, that was the one where maybe it wouldn't be as sharp and it would be replaced with a different sound sometimes. Or sometimes I would even hear a different sound that was supposed to be a different sound. For example, a short eye replaced with short E. For example, the word woman.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And women, I think you said. I don't think you said the short E sound there.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: In the first reading. So you kind of replace short E with something else. I don't remember what it was. So. So we'll talk about that. But it was. It was a little mixed around. Not. Not horribly, but a little bit more mixed around.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: But then when it did come to R, it did really well.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So that's something you could keep your ear out for when you are listening to the recording and just kind of be aware of that. We. Did I send you. Hold on, let me try to find it. Did I send you the IPA translator site thing?

Speaker B: You did, I think yes. I don't remember what exactly that site was. Was it we teachers?

Speaker A: I was the one I just sent. It's called Two phonetics.

Speaker B: Oh, no, I don't think it gave me this one before.

Speaker A: Okay, so let me go over how that might be helpful practice wise. I'll share my screen with you as well. Give me just a moment.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure.

Speaker A: So do you remember what IPA is?

Speaker B: The phonetics.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's the phonetics. So what is ipa? International Phonetic Alphabet. And this means. I'll show you. So do you see how on this hand it's the article we just read and then on this hand it looks like a foreign language?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So, yeah, this is ipa. And what that is doing is that all of these symbols will mean the same thing every single time. So for example, in English you'll have the same sound, but it's spelled different ways, right?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: In ipa, it's literally just symbols that represent the same sound every single time. So if you do this, you can see this sound is short e and you can translate. Okay, here's this, right? Where's the short E? So for example, you can see, researchers surveyed 2600 men and women. So you could see here, men. And then this is the schwa. Woman. Okay, Men and women. Sometimes people say it with an I as well. Women. Okay. But you could see, for example, here's men. She said you can look over here. Said, short E. Did I do a

Speaker B: mistake there for said?

Speaker A: No, no, I think that one you said pretty well. Healthy is another short E. Again, I think you did okay on this. But you could see where they're meant to be. So here, new survey says. Says, yeah, cyclists have less. Less. You can kind of match it up. Even if you can't read this, you can kind of. You can kind of sort it out. So you could do this line by line, word by word, whatever you want to do. Of course, you don't have to do the full thing. That would be kind of monstrous of me to say do the full thing every time. But it can be helpful to get a general idea.

Speaker B: This is really good.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And I can do it for everything. Schwa even.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. The one thing to know is that sometimes this uses a little bit different. For example, like I said, women, I use it with an I. Women.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: This one says to say woman. So sometimes it's a little off. It's accurate. I'd say it's maybe like 85% accurate. So it can be helpful. But yeah, for things like very wear, tear wear the other wear, you did pretty well.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So if you're just trying to figure out where the sound is by itself self. This can be a helpful head start with that.

Speaker B: Yeah, right. This is great.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I think that might be a little bit helpful with the practice I did record. You can go through it, read this while you listen. See if you got all the E's. Right.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: You could do the same thing with short A. Of course.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: On that note, I think it might be helpful to specifically read the short E practice.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Just because I want to see if you read it differently when you're more aware of where it is. So you could open the practice sheet.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm there.

Speaker A: Perfect. Okay. Go down to short E R. Okay.

Speaker B: All right, I'm there.

Speaker A: All right. So far. Okay. So could you read 24 to 30 for me? Not the sentences.

Speaker B: Okay. Bearer of bad news. Yeah. Wear a suit. Square peg. Bright Glare beyond compare. Repairman. Sorry, Repairman. Bedroom upstairs. Sorry. Bedroom upstairs.

Speaker A: Yeah. So can you maybe notice in number 30? So bedroom doesn't have the R. Upstairs does so bedroom upstairs. How they E is a little bit different.

Speaker B: Yes, it is. And I think I still not doing it correctly when it's bad. Yeah, I see the difference. When you are pronouncing it.

Speaker A: Yeah. Where is your tongue? I. We talked about it last time. Your tongue was a little bit too far back. Where would you go ahead and read? Do you see short E?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Other consonants. Can you read maybe 31 through 40 for me?

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: This one should be like the normal E. And just pay attention where your tongue is at this point.

Speaker B: Cliff edge education. Budget. Chicken egg. Economics expert. Echoing cheers from equator.

Speaker A: Where is it? Number 36.

Speaker B: From Equator. From equator.

Speaker A: Ecuador.

Speaker B: Ecuador. Okay. Okay. Sorry. Yeah. Ecuador.

Speaker A: Yeah. So sorry. So Ecuador and then equator. Make sure not to flip. Flip those. So Ecuador.

Speaker B: Ecuador. Yeah. Okay, I see.

Speaker A: Yeah. So this, this door is literally like the door that you open.

Speaker B: Okay. Ecuador. Right.

Speaker A: Ecuador.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Oh, go ahead. Okay.

Speaker B: Newspaper editor. Edible Favorite episode. Rough estimate.

Speaker A: So could you tell where is your tongue at this point?

Speaker B: I think it's going. It's not constant. It's not fixed. I'm pronouncing different E's in different ways. In some cases I tried to. Or I observed that I feel. In some cases I don't remember exactly when, but I feel I was doing it correctly. The tongue was pro bending in the middle. Right in the middle for the last one, for example. Estimate. I feel like my. The front of the tongue is touching the upper pellet. So rough estimate or something. Estimate. I don't know. It's hard to. But I think it's not correct for all of those words.

Speaker A: So you said you feel like you got it correct on estimate. What are some words you felt it

Speaker B: was not on estimate. I feel it was wrong there on estimate.

Speaker A: So where was it?

Speaker B: Est. Estimate. Est. Wow. It's so hard to observe. S.

Speaker A: Well, let's. Let's start with this. So how much are you dropping your jaw with short E for this one?

Speaker B: Estimate. Not too much. It's little.

Speaker A: Yeah. So. And how. Where's the tip of your tongue?

Speaker B: Estimate. Estimate.

Speaker A: Yeah. So if you say the word real slowly, that's the sound every value can. Short vowels. It's one position, so you could hold it out. Estimate. Estimate. Where's your tongue?

Speaker B: Estimate. Well, if I do that, then it's proper. The tip of the tongue is not touching anything.

Speaker A: Is it up in the mouth?

Speaker B: Estimate. Okay. Do it one more time so that I can imitate you.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, sure. So if you just slow down the word. For example, if you say it normal. Estimate. Estimate.

Speaker B: Estimate. Estimate. Estimate. I feel like it's not touching anything. It's almost floating. It's not touching the lower palate. It's not touching anything.

Speaker A: The tip of the tongue. The tip of the tongue isn't.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So would you say it's not touching anything? Like, for example, it's up maybe in the middle of the mouth or kind

Speaker B: of in the lower. I feel I am when I'm imitating you. I think I'm doing it correctly and I hear the sound and trying to replicate that.

Speaker A: And how high is the middle of the tongue? Because if it's up just a little bit on the tip of the tongue, that's fine. But you want to make sure it's not like going AWOL in the top.

Speaker B: Yeah. Estimate. I think I need. Could you please send me some recordings of pronouncing this slowly? Some of the words that will help me practice. Surely it will.

Speaker A: So you want me to read some of these and record me saying them slow?

Speaker B: Yeah, like you're breaking it down. Like you're dragging the pronunciation if you. You do that.

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker B: That would be wonderful.

Speaker A: Sure. Did I send any other links on this sound? There's some good other resources out there. Did you look at the short E words list

Speaker B: the link? Did you send me a link?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I think I sent you a link last time. It has some diamonds.

Speaker B: Yeah, we teachers.

Speaker A: Awesome. Yeah. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to make that recording. If you think it would be helpful, I'm going to send you some other Things. For example, I think we talked about Rachel's English. She's pretty good at, you know, kind of showing more what's in the mouth and everything like that. So sometimes she just explains it a little differently. And so I'll send her. I'll see if there's any other websites that I know. I'll try to send you a few things. Keep practicing it. I would say so. Do you remember when we talked about how you already say it Right. When there's an R? So, for example, error. Errand. Leather pair.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: You can say those words. Realize where you're lifting the tongue. You're lifting in the same place. So you're already. When you say the ones with R, you know you're lifting in the correct place. You just want to make sure you're not lifting as much or tensing as much. Would you say the regular E? So if you get used to the ones with R, maybe practice those ones first, and then you realize, like, oh, I'm lifting here. And then you realize, would you do the, like, the other E that maybe you're lifting over here? You know? Okay, that's the wrong place.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So I will send you other things. I'll make the recording for you. I want you to practice the R first because you're closer with that one. And then kind of see if you can realize where are you lifting the tongue and how high, and then just lower it a little bit for all the other E sounds. We're also next time going to go over something short called short I, which often is switched around with short E. So maybe clarifying what not to do might be helpful. Short E wise.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Sounds good.

Speaker A: Yep. If you have any questions on the things I do end up sending you do, let me know. If not, I will see you next time.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah. Sounds good. Thank you so much. My voice. Okay. All right. Thank you so much. Have a wonderful day.

Speaker A: You, too. Bye.

