Transcript for: Recording__538.mp4
Title: Recording #538
============================================================

Would much rather have her helping you on Amazon and then train Sabrina on how to update the inventory in the back end so that we can kind of keep that, you know, those hours clean. But I also don't want to be like, hey, show him I don't need her. So that, you know, I get that. Okay, so what do I get what you're proposing. So how does that change things? Is what I'm trying to figure out. Well, that's the thing. So I know that you're obviously working on, well, next ad strategy as well as everything else, like new listings and blah, blah, blah. On the no sugar side, you're still helping me with. You know, we need a shipment now. We're moving to, like, warm ship and moving to FBM predominantly. So, like, how do. How do you want to use her hours differently knowing that you're gonna have, like, all that time? And so how do. How. Like, that's a more of a question for you. Like, how do you envision that? Do you feel that her entire 20 hours needs to be replaced? Or some of her, like, five hours a week or something around that? I honestly don't think that she works more than five hours. I mean, she might be online and she is available. Like, I don't see like a huge delay, but I think that. I don't think that she works more than five hours a week. Definitely not for us. Yeah, Silka, that is definitely not the case. I. I can talk to her about it. Yeah, talk to her and ask. Yeah, I don't think. Because I know that, like, the reports that I used to ask her for, which is like, give me a monthly sales report. She doesn't have to do anymore. She reviews Green Rabbit invoice once a month that comes in, and then she updates the inventory every other week. So. Okay. If she does something else I'd like to know about. Yes, yes. I think that's. I think there's a gap in communication because the way it works is I. She even asked me that. Hey, I'll. I. I remain busy. Especially in the first half. If you. If you have to talk about something, then we will discuss it in the second half. How about that? So I have to talk with her. The reason I don't even, like, bother her with other, other stuff in the morning half is because of this. So I definitely have to talk to her and then see what she is doing and then perhaps communicate that with you too. Yeah. Yeah, okay. No, I definitely break down of, like, what she does that aside from, like, review Green Rabbit Invoices and update inventory in the back end. Like, I'd like to know, so that we could account for it, but I genuinely don't think that, like, I personally used to go to her every sing being like, hey, has this shipment gone out? Has this gone out? And, like, now Sabrina just handles that whole thing for me, so I don't even deal with it anymore. Okay, so that's why I was asking you. Like, it's not that I'm questioning and saying, like, oh, she's lazy. She does everything she's being asked. But we've naturally just decreased it because we brought somebody in house because it was getting so complicated and overwhelming for me. And so that naturally decreased the role that Valerie used to have. And that's why I'm asking it, like, for you. Yes, I understand. First of all. Yes, I understand that. First of all, I'll have a. I'll talk to her about it. I mean, this is all serious things. Definitely don't want to charge you for 20 hours if that is not being given to you. So, yeah, I'll do that, and I'll communicate that back with you. And. And also if I feel that, I mean, if you are saying that you don't have that much that you used to give before. So in that case, we need to figure out what else we can cover it with, how else we can utilize. Right. So. Well, yeah, in that case, we can definitely use our hours for some of these things. She can help you help me with some of those stuff. And that means you. What does that mean, Silke, in terms of the total hours that you pay for, that is going to decrease. Yeah, that's what you expect. Okay, I see. Well, And that's the thing. Like, if you. It. Let's confirm a. What she's working on. Yeah. Okay. How many hours that takes. And. And again, like, I could easily reduce her hours even further. Like, the inventory update on the back end. Like, Sabrina can do that, because Sabrina is, like, managing the shipments and whatnot. She knows what she sent. So when it arrives, she could easily update the quantities. But I didn't want to do that yet until I, like, talked to you and said, is there something else we could do? Is there something else we could do with her time so that we don't necessarily have to, like, be like, oh, now, like, you have to let her go. Like, I don't want that for you or for her. One second. Yeah, so let's. Let's talk about it. Like, I want to make sure that we have that Discussion because like, the account still has a need for a lot of attention and a lot. Sorry. Brad's at McDonald's. He's like, do you want anything? And he called and he texted him, like, no, I don't. Just get me coffee. He's like, what do you want in your coffee, woman? Answer your phone. Okay, so I think that the, the. Let's establish like what she's currently spending her time on, how much time, and then let's figure out what else she could do to help on your side in terms of like the things that you do. So like, maybe we make it structured so that she's creating those email flows. Maybe, you know, she's creating experiments. Maybe we're figuring out like doing a competitive analysis of like, what are our competitors doing for our best sellers. Like, what do we test out? Like, I feel like that piece is like really missing. Like, we got the basics right. We got the listings, we got the images, we got the copy, all the things we were missing when you and I started. We got the basics right. But I feel like we're not learning fast enough to be like, I understand what really worked with, you know, high key competitor cookie and I know what's really working with Oreo, but I don't know if we're doing that or if we're testing if that could work on our cookies and if it could move it quicker or, you know, like, how do we make it more efficient? How do we like all of those insights. We could be using her time to do research for us so that we can actually learn from it and be like, we really want to try something new. But I don't have time. But every time I do go on Amazon and I like, just for fun, Google, like competitors to cookies or Reese's Pieces or peanut butter cups or competitive bars, I always learn something new and I'm like, oh, that's a good idea. Like, I like that picture or I like that A plus copy or I like that storefront or whatever it is. So like, there's definitely a time, if I had the time to like learn, I feel like I could. But it would just take, you know, time to research and to look up competitors and to see like what's working, what's not. And then trying to see like, how do we become better, how do we move up in organic rankings? How do we like grab the attention in a different way? Maybe we reallocate some of her hours to something like that. Sure, I understand that. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I understand the steps. So it's not like you're necessarily willing to reduce the hours. You are just trying to figure out how else we can utilize. Let's make it more effective first. So that I could say, you know, because one of the things that, like, we're. We're. We had the worst financial year we ever had last year. We. We had to let go of a lot of people. And so I think that for us, like, every dollar matters, and there's a big pressure to not spend money unless we have to and unless we're getting something back for that money. Right. So I think that, you know, there's definitely a pressure on efficiency, but if you could find a way that she can help us grow or learn new things, then, like, I don't want to cut her hours. Like, she's a good employee. Let just repurpose it to be like, okay, what else can she be helping us with? And then if, you know, some of it will work, some of it won't, and that's okay. That's part of learning. But I still want to make sure that we continue to grow and keep our ear on the ground and be like, we know what the market is doing or, like, this is really working in the cookie category. Do we try that out for the bars? Do we try that out? Like, let's learn about, like, the CPG and, like, what's doing well on Amazon and maybe even get ideas of, like, this is the number one selling bar and this is what they're doing, and this is the best flavor. Like, I don't know. But there's definitely things we could learn just by spending time in the marketplace more. I see that. So it's like taking a look at whatever the main, best computers are doing out there and then trying to implement some of those in our process. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Even, like, doing silly things. I mean, I don't know how silly they are, but, like, leveraging AI, you know, like, how do we leverage AI to improve our listings? How do we. Like, there's so much things that, like, we could be trying to, like, do if we had the time, you know? That's right. AI is definitely not silly. It's so promising. Oh, wow. It's so promising. I. I just can only imagine the ideas are here. I wish I had the time to work on those. Well, that's what I'm saying. So figure out some of these things so that you're not spending time stuck on Amazon support. Give that stuff to Valerie. Let her sit on the phone with Amazon support. Let her be filing these Cases about, you know, the box sizes and the figuring out how to save us, like, costs, how to squeeze in the margin, how to improve the efficiencies, how to blah, blah, blah. And then you focus on, like, the bigger picture stuff and the even like, AI like this block some time for yourself to learn too, so that you have the ability to grow. Because if we don't, somebody else will and then they'll beat us. Yeah, no, Definitely. Yes. Okay. But it is going to be an interesting conversation, not interesting conversation, which will be interesting to know how Valerie is spending the time now because it's also a kind of a surprise to hear from you for me, that she doesn't have that workload, at least how it looks like. So I'll talk to her about that. That's something interesting. Ultimately, you also have to find it valuable. No matter how she is spending it, spending her time, you have to find it valuable. Disappointment. Yeah. Yeah. And. And like I said, this is no reflection on anything she's been doing or she's done. She's done everything that, like, we've asked her to. She's always been available. Like, she works on our hours. I don't see any pre, like, time difference. Even though she's in Vancouver. Like, she's available when I email her. She does what she's supposed to and she has answers. Like, it's not a reflection on her, but it's just we brought somebody in house and they were like, hey, what do you need in ops? And I'm like, inventory management. So, like, Sabrina has taken that on and she's working with all the warehouses, she's working with all the shipments. She's gonna take over all the FBA orders, prep too, from Kristen very soon. So, like, she's learning super fast. And ultimately she will become that, like, Amazon person in terms of inventory on our side. So I. I think that, like, I see that it's going in that direction, which is why I'm like, let's figure out what we're going to do with Valerie. Yeah. Hey. Hey. Talking about that, did you get a chance to talk with Brad about Walmart? I genuinely think there is an opportunity. That's why I'm talking to you about it again and again. I did not. That's an honest answer. I did not. I know that we originally talked about, was it Ali or whatnot? And then he was like, oh, that's not a good competitor. They're farming. And I was like, okay. And then we kind of left it at that. You know what? Okay. Then I sent you the example of Hydroxychant. But even if we talk about Ali, yes, they are probably bigger, but let's take a look at the things that they have done. We can also do the same. Right. Marketplace is not going to treat us differently just because they're a bigger company. That's not the case. If we do the things in a better way, we'll get the same reaction from the market, isn't it? And I'm generally hopeful about this brand, Slim Quick. We have the margin to invest on ads. We have the ability to. If we do it well, it will bring in more money and no sugar company. You can also try that. But I am always concerned about the margin. But that could be better for Walmart, I feel. Right. If they are, do they fulfill the products, the online orders? I honestly don't know because I don't deal with Walmart. I know that that's the only online platform I guess I don't deal with because Patricia handles all things Walmart. So she handles in store as well as online and she works with a broker who kind of handles it. So I don't even know our sales. I just recently started. I requested the report, so they're including me in the reports. And the last one they sent was like yesterday or the day before. I didn't even look at it. Okay. I think. Yeah. Let me ask Patricia instead of Brad. Sure. You know what? That could be an interesting addition. That's why we could improve, genuinely improve. Yeah. Yeah. Let me take a look at this Instacart, Because I know another thing we kind of talked about was Instacart. Yeah. So there. We wouldn't necessarily step on anyone's toes, but I would just want to see Sugar Co. Because I think all of our things that are coming up on Instacart is pulling from either. Oh, it's pulling from Walmart. Yeah. 20 items from Walmart. And then there, there's Walmart, there's Costco, Real Canadian Superstore, Metro, Healthy Planet, loblaws, Shop First, Nothing in shoppers, Giant tiger. Okay, let me see. And if I type in, do we have Slim Quick? We talked about vitality, right? Yes, we did. So what's going on with Vitality? Because that one was supposed to go live. It's live already. Is it live on? It's live on Costco. Oh, so we are ready. We did the keyword research and everything. So we are ready to launch ad in case it's available already. It's available. I just, I'm on Instacart right now. Okay. And it came up. Okay, I just typed the Vitality Protein Shake on Instacart Ca and it came up under Costco. They're the only ones who have it and who carry it. But it's not obviously advertised. It has no reviews and it's 49.99. It's so close to our price on Amazon is really weird. 18. Because we changed it on Amazon, right? Yeah, you 55. We still haven't sold any units on Amazon. Yeah, I haven't started advertising it. We. I think it's better if we do that after we participate in the vine, so. Oh, and I will not advertise that. Sorry. Yeah, I mean, honestly, this one will be really hard to even have in vine because it's so expensive. It's. It's very heavy. That's true. Yeah. So in that case, we are not going to do vine for this one. I don't know. I mean, I just don't know how we could make it 30 units plus shipment, plus their fee for Vine Select. $240 plus cost of goods. So 240 per review. No, in total. To participate in that. Oh, okay. Thank you. I mean, without reviews, nobody will buy it, right? Yeah, it will be slow. I mean, if. Even if it has that potential. Yeah. Okay, Let me think about that one. That one might be botched because it needs to have. It needs to have reviews. Otherwise it's. It's dead in the water. So put like a few units, like maybe like 5 to 10 units just to FBA on the next shipment so that we could participate in Vine. Yeah. And let's see how it does. Sure. So five to 10 minutes? I don't know. Yeah. How many do you think we should send? Yeah, yeah, sure. I mean, for. Oh, so do you just want to send 5 to 10 in total or 5 to 10 for just for wine? I just worry if we send a lot and then we just have to pay for storage because nobody's buying it and we're not advertising, you know. Okay. Okay. All right, so we'll not send that many then. Maybe just something around, I don't know, 10, 20. And we'll participate in the vine program with five or something around that. Okay. All right. Yeah. And then let me talk to Patricia about SlimQuick. Yes. Is there anything else key on your end that you want to cover? Because they do have another meeting at 2. Well, so the DSP, an app update that I'd like to give is about the no sugar us and Canada dsp. I told you that we are experimenting with some ideas and we are also expanding to other newer products and that was a bit tough to. In the beginning because we need to. There are some changes and it was. The return was not as high. So I was working on fixing that. That's fixed. Almost fixed. And another thing is Azilka about the no sugar ad management. So I. I would like to ask how you think it is going and what you want to do next. I honestly have not spent any time on it. We were supposed to meet I guess next week or last week. We did not. I never rescheduled it. So I was just looking at it for like when our next time is. It is supposed to be not this Friday because nobody's working on Friday, but the Friday after is supposed to be. So that's basically it. I have not honestly looked at it. What do you think about it? Well, Zila, I'd love to take just $1,800 a month and set up two new campaigns in two months and do nothing else. Probably turn off some. Is that all they did? So, I mean, it's more or less like that, right? So if you go on the platform, let's. Let's go on the platform right now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Would much rather have her helping you on Amazon and then train Sabrina on how to update the inventory in the back end so that we can kind of keep that, you know, those hours clean. But I also don't want to be like, hey, show him I don't need her. So that, you know, I get that.

Speaker B: Okay, so what do I get what you're proposing. So how does that change things? Is what I'm trying to figure out.

Speaker A: Well, that's the thing. So I know that you're obviously working on, well, next ad strategy as well as everything else, like new listings and blah, blah, blah. On the no sugar side, you're still helping me with. You know, we need a shipment now. We're moving to, like, warm ship and moving to FBM predominantly. So, like, how do. How do you want to use her hours differently knowing that you're gonna have, like, all that time? And so how do. How. Like, that's a more of a question for you. Like, how do you envision that?

Speaker B: Do you feel that her entire 20 hours needs to be replaced? Or some of her, like, five hours a week or something around that?

Speaker A: I honestly don't think that she works more than five hours. I mean, she might be online and she is available. Like, I don't see like a huge delay, but I think that. I don't think that she works more than five hours a week. Definitely not for us.

Speaker B: Yeah, Silka, that is definitely not the case. I. I can talk to her about it.

Speaker A: Yeah, talk to her and ask.

Speaker B: Yeah, I don't think.

Speaker A: Because I know that, like, the reports that I used to ask her for, which is like, give me a monthly sales report. She doesn't have to do anymore. She reviews Green Rabbit invoice once a month that comes in, and then she updates the inventory every other week. So.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: If she does something else I'd like to know about.

Speaker B: Yes, yes. I think that's. I think there's a gap in communication because the way it works is I. She even asked me that. Hey, I'll. I. I remain busy. Especially in the first half. If you. If you have to talk about something, then we will discuss it in the second half. How about that? So I have to talk with her. The reason I don't even, like, bother her with other, other stuff in the morning half is because of this. So I definitely have to talk to her and then see what she is doing and then perhaps communicate that with you too.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay.

Speaker A: No, I definitely break down of, like, what she does that aside from, like, review Green Rabbit Invoices and update inventory in the back end. Like, I'd like to know, so that we could account for it, but I genuinely don't think that, like, I personally used to go to her every sing being like, hey, has this shipment gone out? Has this gone out? And, like, now Sabrina just handles that whole thing for me, so I don't even deal with it anymore. Okay, so that's why I was asking you. Like, it's not that I'm questioning and saying, like, oh, she's lazy. She does everything she's being asked. But we've naturally just decreased it because we brought somebody in house because it was getting so complicated and overwhelming for me. And so that naturally decreased the role that Valerie used to have. And that's why I'm asking it, like, for you.

Speaker B: Yes, I understand. First of all. Yes, I understand that. First of all, I'll have a. I'll talk to her about it. I mean, this is all serious things. Definitely don't want to charge you for 20 hours if that is not being given to you. So, yeah, I'll do that, and I'll communicate that back with you. And. And also if I feel that, I mean, if you are saying that you don't have that much that you used to give before. So in that case, we need to figure out what else we can cover it with, how else we can utilize. Right. So. Well, yeah, in that case, we can definitely use our hours for some of these things. She can help you help me with some of those stuff. And that means you. What does that mean, Silke, in terms of the total hours that you pay for, that is going to decrease.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's what you expect.

Speaker B: Okay, I see. Well,

Speaker A: And that's the thing. Like, if you. It. Let's confirm a. What she's working on.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. How many hours that takes. And. And again, like, I could easily reduce her hours even further. Like, the inventory update on the back end. Like, Sabrina can do that, because Sabrina is, like, managing the shipments and whatnot. She knows what she sent. So when it arrives, she could easily update the quantities. But I didn't want to do that yet until I, like, talked to you and said, is there something else we could do? Is there something else we could do with her time so that we don't necessarily have to, like, be like, oh, now, like, you have to let her go. Like, I don't want that for you or for her. One second. Yeah, so let's. Let's talk about it. Like, I want to make sure that we have that Discussion because like, the account still has a need for a lot of attention and a lot. Sorry. Brad's at McDonald's. He's like, do you want anything? And he called and he texted him, like, no, I don't. Just get me coffee. He's like, what do you want in your coffee, woman? Answer your phone. Okay, so I think that the, the. Let's establish like what she's currently spending her time on, how much time, and then let's figure out what else she could do to help on your side in terms of like the things that you do. So like, maybe we make it structured so that she's creating those email flows. Maybe, you know, she's creating experiments. Maybe we're figuring out like doing a competitive analysis of like, what are our competitors doing for our best sellers. Like, what do we test out? Like, I feel like that piece is like really missing. Like, we got the basics right. We got the listings, we got the images, we got the copy, all the things we were missing when you and I started. We got the basics right. But I feel like we're not learning fast enough to be like, I understand what really worked with, you know, high key competitor cookie and I know what's really working with Oreo, but I don't know if we're doing that or if we're testing if that could work on our cookies and if it could move it quicker or, you know, like, how do we make it more efficient? How do we like all of those insights. We could be using her time to do research for us so that we can actually learn from it and be like, we really want to try something new. But I don't have time. But every time I do go on Amazon and I like, just for fun, Google, like competitors to cookies or Reese's Pieces or peanut butter cups or competitive bars, I always learn something new and I'm like, oh, that's a good idea. Like, I like that picture or I like that A plus copy or I like that storefront or whatever it is. So like, there's definitely a time, if I had the time to like learn, I feel like I could. But it would just take, you know, time to research and to look up competitors and to see like what's working, what's not. And then trying to see like, how do we become better, how do we move up in organic rankings? How do we like grab the attention in a different way? Maybe we reallocate some of her hours to something like that.

Speaker B: Sure, I understand that. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I understand the steps. So it's not like you're necessarily willing to reduce the hours. You are just trying to figure out how else we can utilize.

Speaker A: Let's make it more effective first. So that I could say, you know, because one of the things that, like, we're. We're. We had the worst financial year we ever had last year. We. We had to let go of a lot of people. And so I think that for us, like, every dollar matters, and there's a big pressure to not spend money unless we have to and unless we're getting something back for that money. Right. So I think that, you know, there's definitely a pressure on efficiency, but if you could find a way that she can help us grow or learn new things, then, like, I don't want to cut her hours. Like, she's a good employee. Let just repurpose it to be like, okay, what else can she be helping us with? And then if, you know, some of it will work, some of it won't, and that's okay. That's part of learning. But I still want to make sure that we continue to grow and keep our ear on the ground and be like, we know what the market is doing or, like, this is really working in the cookie category. Do we try that out for the bars? Do we try that out? Like, let's learn about, like, the CPG and, like, what's doing well on Amazon and maybe even get ideas of, like, this is the number one selling bar and this is what they're doing, and this is the best flavor. Like, I don't know. But there's definitely things we could learn just by spending time in the marketplace more.

Speaker B: I see that. So it's like taking a look at whatever the main, best computers are doing out there and then trying to implement some of those in our process.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Even, like, doing silly things. I mean, I don't know how silly they are, but, like, leveraging AI, you know, like, how do we leverage AI to improve our listings? How do we. Like, there's so much things that, like, we could be trying to, like, do if we had the time, you know?

Speaker B: That's right. AI is definitely not silly. It's so promising. Oh, wow. It's so promising. I. I just can only imagine the ideas are here. I wish I had the time to work on those.

Speaker A: Well, that's what I'm saying. So figure out some of these things so that you're not spending time stuck on Amazon support. Give that stuff to Valerie. Let her sit on the phone with Amazon support. Let her be filing these Cases about, you know, the box sizes and the figuring out how to save us, like, costs, how to squeeze in the margin, how to improve the efficiencies, how to blah, blah, blah. And then you focus on, like, the bigger picture stuff and the even like, AI like this block some time for yourself to learn too, so that you have the ability to grow. Because if we don't, somebody else will and then they'll beat us.

Speaker B: Yeah, no, Definitely. Yes. Okay. But it is going to be an interesting conversation, not interesting conversation, which will be interesting to know how Valerie is spending the time now because it's also a kind of a surprise to hear from you for me, that she doesn't have that workload, at least how it looks like. So I'll talk to her about that. That's something interesting. Ultimately, you also have to find it valuable. No matter how she is spending it, spending her time, you have to find it valuable. Disappointment.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. And.

Speaker A: And like I said, this is no reflection on anything she's been doing or she's done. She's done everything that, like, we've asked her to. She's always been available. Like, she works on our hours. I don't see any pre, like, time difference. Even though she's in Vancouver. Like, she's available when I email her. She does what she's supposed to and she has answers. Like, it's not a reflection on her, but it's just we brought somebody in house and they were like, hey, what do you need in ops? And I'm like, inventory management. So, like, Sabrina has taken that on and she's working with all the warehouses, she's working with all the shipments. She's gonna take over all the FBA orders, prep too, from Kristen very soon. So, like, she's learning super fast. And ultimately she will become that, like, Amazon person in terms of inventory on our side. So I. I think that, like, I see that it's going in that direction, which is why I'm like, let's figure out what we're going to do with Valerie.

Speaker B: Yeah. Hey. Hey. Talking about that, did you get a chance to talk with Brad about Walmart? I genuinely think there is an opportunity. That's why I'm talking to you about it again and again.

Speaker A: I did not. That's an honest answer. I did not. I know that we originally talked about, was it Ali or whatnot? And then he was like, oh, that's not a good competitor. They're farming. And I was like, okay. And then we kind of left it at that.

Speaker B: You know what? Okay. Then I sent you the example of Hydroxychant. But even if we talk about Ali, yes, they are probably bigger, but let's take a look at the things that they have done. We can also do the same. Right. Marketplace is not going to treat us differently just because they're a bigger company. That's not the case. If we do the things in a better way, we'll get the same reaction from the market, isn't it? And I'm generally hopeful about this brand, Slim Quick. We have the margin to invest on ads. We have the ability to. If we do it well, it will bring in more money and no sugar company. You can also try that. But I am always concerned about the margin. But that could be better for Walmart, I feel. Right. If they are, do they fulfill the products, the online orders?

Speaker A: I honestly don't know because I don't deal with Walmart. I know that that's the only online platform I guess I don't deal with because Patricia handles all things Walmart. So she handles in store as well as online and she works with a broker who kind of handles it. So I don't even know our sales. I just recently started. I requested the report, so they're including me in the reports. And the last one they sent was like yesterday or the day before. I didn't even look at it.

Speaker B: Okay. I think. Yeah.

Speaker A: Let me ask Patricia instead of Brad.

Speaker B: Sure. You know what? That could be an interesting addition. That's why we could improve, genuinely improve.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Let me take a look at this Instacart, Because I know another thing we kind of talked about was Instacart.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So there. We wouldn't necessarily step on anyone's toes, but I would just want to see Sugar Co. Because I think all of our things that are coming up on Instacart is pulling from either. Oh, it's pulling from Walmart. Yeah. 20 items from Walmart. And then there, there's Walmart, there's Costco, Real Canadian Superstore, Metro, Healthy Planet, loblaws, Shop First, Nothing in shoppers, Giant tiger. Okay, let me see. And if I type in, do we have Slim Quick? We talked about vitality, right?

Speaker B: Yes, we did.

Speaker A: So what's going on with Vitality? Because that one was supposed to go live. It's live already.

Speaker B: Is it live on?

Speaker A: It's live on Costco.

Speaker B: Oh, so we are ready. We did the keyword research and everything. So we are ready to launch ad in case it's available already.

Speaker A: It's available. I just, I'm on Instacart right now.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And it came up. Okay, I just typed the Vitality Protein Shake on Instacart Ca and it came up under Costco. They're the only ones who have it and who carry it. But it's not obviously advertised. It has no reviews and it's 49.99. It's so close to our price on Amazon is really weird. 18. Because we changed it on Amazon, right?

Speaker B: Yeah, you 55.

Speaker A: We still haven't sold any units on Amazon.

Speaker B: Yeah, I haven't started advertising it. We. I think it's better if we do that after we participate in the vine, so. Oh, and I will not advertise that. Sorry.

Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, honestly, this one will be really hard to even have in vine because it's so expensive. It's. It's very heavy.

Speaker B: That's true.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So in that case, we are not going to do vine for this one.

Speaker A: I don't know. I mean, I just don't know how we could make it 30 units

Speaker B: plus shipment, plus their fee for Vine Select. $240 plus cost of goods.

Speaker A: So 240 per review.

Speaker B: No, in total. To participate in that.

Speaker A: Oh, okay. Thank you. I mean, without reviews, nobody will buy it, right?

Speaker B: Yeah, it will be slow. I mean, if. Even if it has that potential.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, Let me think about that one. That one might be botched because it needs to have. It needs to have reviews. Otherwise it's. It's dead in the water. So put like a few units, like maybe like 5 to 10 units just to FBA on the next shipment so that we could participate in Vine.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And let's see how it does.

Speaker B: Sure. So five to 10 minutes?

Speaker A: I don't know. Yeah. How many do you think we should send?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, sure. I mean, for. Oh, so do you just want to send 5 to 10 in total or 5 to 10 for just for wine?

Speaker A: I just worry if we send a lot and then we just have to pay for storage because nobody's buying it and we're not advertising, you know.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. All right, so we'll not send that many then. Maybe just something around, I don't know, 10, 20. And we'll participate in the vine program with five or something around that. Okay. All right.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then let me talk to Patricia about SlimQuick.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Is there anything else key on your end that you want to cover? Because they do have another meeting at 2.

Speaker B: Well, so the DSP, an app update that I'd like to give is about the no sugar us and Canada dsp. I told you that we are experimenting with some ideas and we are also expanding to other newer products and that was a bit tough to. In the beginning because we need to. There are some changes and it was. The return was not as high. So I was working on fixing that. That's fixed. Almost fixed. And another thing is Azilka about the no sugar ad management. So I. I would like to ask how you think it is going and what you want to do next.

Speaker A: I honestly have not spent any time on it. We were supposed to meet I guess next week or last week. We did not. I never rescheduled it. So I was just looking at it for like when our next time is. It is supposed to be not this Friday because nobody's working on Friday, but the Friday after is supposed to be. So that's basically it. I have not honestly looked at it. What do you think about it?

Speaker B: Well, Zila, I'd love to take just $1,800 a month and set up two new campaigns in two months and do nothing else. Probably turn off some.

Speaker A: Is that all they did?

Speaker B: So, I mean, it's more or less like that, right? So if you go on the platform, let's. Let's go on the platform right now.

