Transcript for: Recording__1261.mp4
Title: Recording #1261
============================================================

Well, thank you. It's been a while. It feels like it's been a while. Yeah, it's been two weeks, and I'm back in Canada now. Oh, I didn't even know you left. Where did you go? Oh, I thought you knew I was in India. Oh, okay. Yeah. Well, because we're always meeting over zoom, so I don't even know, like, where you could be dialing in from. Right, yeah, yeah, yeah, of course. How was it? Well, it was great. I was there for the last three months, so it was great. I got my transplant there, and since then I was there. Yeah, it was good. How are you feeling? How's it going? Well, it will take more time to start growing. I growing more hair. They said it will start growing from the fourth or the fifth month, so. So it's been just three months, and it will take 10 to 12 months to see how it actually turns out. So patience. Okay, good. Well, good. I got your agenda. So it looks like we have quite a bit to discuss. So what do you want to start with? Well, how about we talk about the forecast first? Because it looks like, well, it's the same thing, same problem, but how do we deal with that? So we do need to go back to having, like, two versions. One that we are tracking to finance, and then another one that in case there is inventory, realistically, what would we like to do? And I think you've had that idealistic version that we kind of managed, but that's why it looked like we were underperforming on the financial side every single month. And. And it wasn't small misses. It was like 3000-004000-00500,000. So it looked like we didn't know what we were doing. And I think that it's something that continues to pop up every single month as a question to me, and because I'm not, obviously keeping my eye on it very closely, then it becomes apparent that we're not managing this. So with that said, I know that you had that original forecast of, like, if we have it in inventory, this is what we should be shipping. And then we have the one that you have adjusted down. Now that you've adjusted it down, do you know by what percentage, like, what are we tracking to hit before, you know, the end of August? Well, even the latest version that I have seen, that assumes that we will have inventory for many of the products that we haven't been sending. So I will need to create another version that we can use for finances. And the changes that I did are basically more Pessimistic before that I was thinking, oh, maybe just keep higher numbers because I plan to promote these products. Maybe this will do better. So that was more optimistic on. More on the optimistic side. Now the latest forecast is more on the pessimistic side. You even if, let's say the inventory is available. So the conclusion is that I need to create a different version where I'll just remove anything that we haven't been sending and also consider out of stock and lower the amounts that will be more realistic and comparable with what we have been really doing in terms of revenue. Okay. Yeah. So with that said you, you still like even because we have, you know, data, sales data I guess from September through the end of March now. So what is it looking like in terms of total sales? Okay, let me share my screen here. I. These are the numbers and first I have. It's not January, I'm sorry. Oh no, this is not. Give me one second. No worries. I'm sorry about this but here it's not. Ah, okay. So those are the wrong numbers. I mean I copied the January numbers. Let me just get the February. No worries. Ah, I'll start sharing my screen again. Okay, so here are the February numbers. Now overall for February, it's really hard to see. Can you zoom in? I can feel like tiny, tiny on my screen. Okay, right. Much better. Thank you. No problem. So the February numbers here, it's for all the brands together we forecasted 563,000 and actual was just 314,000. The difference was 250,000 almost. And if we consider the exclude the out of stock products, it was at least 111k out of this. 250,000. Oh, I mean, sorry. It will reduce to. This difference will reduce to 111k compared to 250k. Now if you look at the individual brands, I sent you the numbers just for Joy Burst and no Sugar USA in response to Patricia's email. But this is for all the brands you will notice. Slim Quick USA and Slim Creek Canada, those brands, the difference is not in fact here in Canada. It's a small account but still it's doing better than what you forecasted. And Slim Quick usa, the difference is not that big, it's less. So let me ask you there for SlimQuik USA. I logged in and I saw that we were severely out of stock of like most of them. Yeah. Now when I sent an email that was the first time like nobody flagged that with me. And one thing that we said we were never going to do is Be out of stock with slim quick mixed powders. So what's actually happening? Are you looking into inventory levels? Yes. And I'm just not being informed or like, what. What's happening? Yes. So I have been in touch with Asia regarding these. We. And this is something that is on top of my mind. That's why in our last meeting two weeks ago, I said that we need to make a log, Amazon inventory transfer log and to track where the gap is. I can find that log, but okay, here, so if you look at this log, the gap for Platinum usa, I think this is not the one that I highlighted here in the screenshot. You will see you're also in this email. These are all Platinum USA shipments. Now, if you look at the time the warehouse takes here for this shipment, it was 16 days. Here it was 14 days. And this shipment was sent to the warehouse on February 26th. This was delayed by five weeks. And at that time we included gummies. And now that they delayed it by five weeks, we cannot send gummies anymore. So we had to cancel that entire order. And then we are. Now, why would we cancel the order over one item? Because we created the labels and everything changes on Amazon. It's a technical problem. You can say that. How it. We need to set everything up, create new shipments on Amazon. So if we need to change, why not let that order go through and then place another one for Gummies? No, what I mean is the gummies was already included in that order and we need to exclude that. So if we want to make that change, we have to create a new shipment. But that's not causing much delay. The point is they took five weeks, warehouse took five weeks to send the shipment, prepare the shipment. And why doesn't anybody flag that with me? Well, I was aware of these, but. And I have been talking with Zilka regarding this, following up with her. It was just not flagged with you, Zilka, I can do that. Everything that is this serious. If we're. If somebody is taking five weeks to pack the product we already have on their floor, I need to know about this because this is an issue. I'm getting in for missing our sales by 50% month over month over month. And every single month we were blaming it, oh, it's an out of stocks. And then I talked to Sabrina and Sabrina's like, I produce the product, it's available. And then, you know, it's kind of getting lost in translation. So we can't keep managing it this way because there's no good reason for Anybody to take five weeks to pack a product. And for me not to know and to be able to scream at them like, that's not acceptable. It's not acceptable on our end. The fact that we didn't flag it and it's not acceptable on their end because by the time that they actually pack it, we're out of stock. And then our needs have changed again. So it's. It's not cool. We can't keep doing this. Yeah. Even two weeks or 16 days, that's too long. That's crazy. Yeah. This is the case for Amazon, the Slim Quick Us account, which is why we're low, low in stock. In fact, out of stock in many items. Please send me this stuff and keep me informed from now on. If that happens, I'll flag this internally. I'll schedule a call with the warehouse and we will find them for this because this is unacceptable. But I can't keep missing our targets by 50% month over month. I understand we were out of stock in September, October, November, but that doesn't apply here anymore. Right? Yeah, sure. I'll. I'll send this. And if we're out of stock, honestly on slimquik, even for a day, I need to know. Okay, I'll keep you. Because that was the one rule we said we're never going to be out of stock on. And I noticed it myself and I was like, why isn't anyone telling me this? Right? No, I have been dealing with it. I was always aware of this. So it was just that you were not on all the emails. Okay. Yeah. All right, so please send me this chart and then I'll get on the call with, with the warehouse. Sure, sounds good. And one more thing. Okay, so let's get back to this. So Slim Quick USA have done well in the month of February. Now it will probably not that do that well in the month of March and even maybe well, because we're out of stock. Yeah, yeah, of course. Now the highlight is Slim Quick Sorry, no Sugar USA account here. The forecast was 218k and the actual was just 47,000. And the reason was out of stock. If I break it down across no Sugar and Joy Burst, this is how it looks like. So we forecasted 139k for Joy Burst Natural was 40,000 and the mist sales was 99,000. And on what item? On. Okay, so one major item is this Joy Burst protein coffee. This was on our forecast and we sent some units. All of those sold. So for example, this is just 12 days. What you see here it's just 12 days. We sold close to 185 units. And on our forecast, it's close to 400 units, I believe. And I think realistically we can do close to that now. We sent only 180 units. Something close to 180 units or 200 units. I don't remember the exact amount, but we actually need to send close to three months supply, which is 1200 units. Right? Thousand to 1200 units. And this is the situation. So we didn't sell this item. This is just one next important one is the hydration stick packs, the variety pack. And this out of stock. Oh, yeah, this has been out of stock for more than a month right now. And this was doing close to this much. So we are missing out on this amount of sales every month right now. And the reason was it was totally. It was produced. And I have been following up on this for more than a month. It has been sent right now. But even after it was produced, for some reason it couldn't be sent. Maybe there were some processes due. I'm not sure what exactly, but I kept following up with Esha. Again, I'll keep you in all of these emails in the future. But this is also out of stock. If you take a look at other products, Joy Burst Hydration, Peach flavor, Strawberry lemonade. Talk about any of these flavors, we don't have these in stock. So right now, if you look at these screenshots, this item was just sent. Are we selling single flavor in 12s or in 18s? This was probably the 12. One says 12, one says 18, but we have both of these, so I need to be sure which one is being sent. But none of these are in stock right now on Amazon. So this one, I believe we are sending the 12 count because this is inbound 12, 270 units. And this is the forecasted cell. So we are missing out on these. And same for strawberry lemonade. This is the forecasted cells. And we have just 81 units inbound. And in fact, even for the hydration drink drink mix, the variety pack, 3,000 units are inbound. So we have nothing in stock right now. And this is how it has been for more than a month right now. Okay. And no sugar company items. We have missed the entire season for items like peanut butter cups and all. You mentioned that there was a problem with the manufacturer. So can I do anything about that? So I wanted to walk you through this was on the agenda that I wanted to review the inventory situation. And this is how it looks like okay, so the first question that I asked is, like, what are we tracking to year to date in terms of sales? Right. Forecast? Yeah. Year to date, September to February. February. In SlimQuick USA, the forecasted sales was 1.1 million, and we did 966. Now in Canada, we are hitting our target. For Slim Quick. Canada, it's small account. For Slim Quick. Sorry, no Sugar Co. USA, it was 1.3 million. We did 628K or 629K. And we. We did 50%. We did even less than 50%. And for no Sugar and Joy Burst, we did 494K. The forecast was 861K. And for these two accounts, Zelka, the primary reason is we are always either out of stock or low on stock or we are sending products late. Okay, so what do you think we're gonna close the year with? I know that our Target was over $0.06, 6.2 million. What do you think we're going to close the year with on Amazon? Well, that really depends on if we're going to send the products that I showed you, all of these products, if we can send these to Amazon or not. Well, what have we. When you total all of these, what are we at now? I should have kept the total, but we could do it now. Yes. 64 plus 629 plus 2.15 million. So April, May, June, July, August. So we have five more months, and we did this in seven months. So divide this number by seven. And then times it by 12.2.69. 2.7. So that's like 50% of what we said we were going to hit. Yeah. This is actually declining because of the situation. But if we manage to stay in stock, Joy Burst is actually going to do better in summer. Okay. So we might, realistically, even if we improve it, come at like four something or just around four. We're not going to hit five? No. So we're going to miss last year's. Yes. Well, that's not good news. Okay, so let's do this. I'm gonna. Oh, my God. They're doing construction in this building. I don't know why they're doing it during business hours, and it's just so distracting. I'm gonna write to Sabrina and Asha about Dynamics taking, you know, up to five weeks to pack our order. And 16 days, it looked like it was their best, which in both cases is unacceptable. But we definitely have to fix that, and I'm going to ask for a contact of who to talk to about it. And then also call out that for Joy, bur specifically, we missed over $100,000 or just around $100,000 in sales in March alone because we're not sending enough product. So Joy Burst hydration sticks were out of stock for a month. I don't know why nobody told me that. It is peach and strawberry single flavors. Again, out of stock. And for protein, protein coffee we under shipped, even though I know that we have protein coffee produced. So I want to make sure that the future productions include online. Is there anything else that I need to include? Well, I just examples. Example of the items, these are the majority. But of course, there are many other products on the list that are not being sent correctly. Okay. By the way, Zilke, I want to say this too. It's not. I don't want it to. Personally, I don't want to make it sound like it is Asha's fault or someone is not sending because Asha sends me the plan. I review them. I see how much we have at the warehouse versus how much we can send. So based on what we have available at the warehouse, the quantities make sense. But then there are warehouse delays. All of these things combining, production delays, all of this combining is causing it. So that's what I want to mention. I don't want to make it sound like it's someone else, someone like Asia's fault, for example. It's not. Yeah, but I mean, it is. We have to figure out how to flag this appropriately, because I don't need to be on every email that you have with Asha or every meeting that you have with Asha. What I think is missing is the fact that when something doesn't go according to the plan, that it doesn't get escalated, and therefore it doesn't get fixed, and we just sit on it and we accept it to say, oh, well, we're going to be out of stock and we're gonna not have the item for a month. So that part is what ticks me off, because we've spent the money to make the product. It's sitting in the warehouse collecting dust while we spent the money already and paid the manufacturer and are paying interest to the bank and we're not even shipping the product. That's what really gets me mad. I understand in cases where, like peanut butter cups, they're out of stock, we didn't produce them, there's nothing to sell. That's okay. That's a totally justifiable thing. But where my head goes through the roof is like slim, quick, mixed packets that I was like, we can never be out of stock on that item ever. Not even for a day. That was the one item I said, we never can be out of stock. And then I log in and I'm like, we're out of stock on three flavors. Not just one, but three. And nobody even told me. Like, that's what gets me mad. And I know that we have the product in the warehouse, so, like, that's the part of the process that's broken, that I would just ask Ashes to Junior. So, like I said, it's not. I'm not going to blame anybody, but we need to make sure that these things get escalated and addressed with, like, speed and urgency versus we're just gonna sit on it and be like, oh, well, when it gets there, it gets there. Right? Yeah. Okay. Okay. So I will write or Asha and Sabrina. That's going to be the first thing. Okay. So let's talk about Instacart next. Okay. Instacart. Okay, first of all, about the Instacart. Do you want a similar dashboard to this that I created last time for you? It has dates, paint. I think that was good. Yep. Okay. I'll not do it daily, but maybe weekly range this time. Yeah. Did you start advertising? Yes, I have started advertising almost 10 days ago now, so. Oh, okay. I didn't know that you did because you didn't let me know. I did let you know in one of the. Did you? Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. I must have missed it. Did you see that we won an Instacart award? Yeah, I enrolled in. Into that one. Huh? You enrolled this? Yeah. Oh, so you knew that we got it before we got it? Yeah, it happened. Yeah. It's been. It's been a while that you have been enrolled. Oh, I had no idea. But, like, they shipped us, like, an award in a brown box, and it looked like a bunch of random merch. And I was like, this makes no sense. I was like, why would somebody send me merch of their company. Yeah. And not like, of Joyburst. So I just kind of left it. And then at the end of the day, I was, like, literally sifting through, and I was like, what is this? A paperweight? It was like a plaque, and it looked like paperweight. And I was like, wait. And I actually read it, and I was like, oh, oh, my God, we won an award. And I didn't even know. Yeah, yeah, it happened. Yes. It's also featured on their website, by the way. Yeah. Awesome. So thank you for that. Okay, so let's talk About Instacart then. So you enrolled us in ads. How are we doing? Well, so let's take a look at. I think we. I launched it on the 20th. Let me. Chick. Yes. All right. So so far, by the way, the. A few things. Okay, let me just start from the beginning here. So the ROAS is not going to look good for this product here. From what. What I understood and I did those numbers, I should have kept them. You mentioned that right now we are doing $11 per week per store, and we need. Oh, hang on. We don't want the Target ones. We wanted Costco ones. Oh, no, no. The Costco is not launched, but we are also doing the Target ones. No, that's what you. We mentioned, right? Hold on. This one. Yeah. Hydration for Target. But hold on. Oh, okay. Yes. Okay, okay, okay. So this was the objective. Okay. Your objective was to increase the per store per week sales from 11 to 15 to 18 range. And I did. Should have kept the numbers ready with me. Zulka, I'm so sorry about that. But we have one. Okay, you do that and I'll pull out our latest. I didn't know that you were already doing Target. So let me see. Target sales. Sure. Tammy. So our hydration per store per week actually went down. Really? It went down by 8% last week. It was last week. March week, 4. So 322 to 3 28. So it sounds like that's the same time period. Okay, so let's see. So it didn't work. We could try it for one more week, but it doesn't look like it's. It's worked. Let me see. I could send you the data. This is Gummy Bear Sparkling. This is the. Could it be. Could it be that the store sales overall is declining? Not because of Instacart. Without Instacart, maybe it would be even lower. It would be an even bigger decline. Who knows? Yeah, right. So, yeah, how about trying it for. I mean, you proposed one week, but do you think it would be better to try it for at least a few more weeks? Yeah, let's try for next week, too. And then please send me the results in terms of how it's doing on a weekly basis for Target. And then the IC pop started in Costco us. I know I have. Okay. So I'm still in the process of setting that up. The problem was the UPC that Irfan, I think his name is Irfan, he gave me, was not available on Instacart. So we needed to see what's going on. And it turns out it was listed with a different number, the same product on Costco and the Instacart team. Lily from Instacart, she told me that it's totally normal. It happens. But I'm in the process of setting that up. They're also adding that product to our account, and once that's done, I'll start launching ads. Okay, so now do you want to still talk about. Maybe I should just walk you through how I'm thinking of the Target ads, for example, and then we can talk a little bit about. The objective for Costco is that, all right, the objectives for Costco is we are only in a limited number of stores. I forget what I wrote. It was like 50 or 100 stores. It's just a test. So every single day matters. So the sooner you could get those ads to start, the better, because they're going to make their decision based on the sales numbers. Our sales numbers are about half of what they need to be. So based on, you know, that budget that we said, like, let it run for the first few days to kind of see how it goes, there's only one other product that exists out there like it, and that's the Genius Gourmet. Genius Gourmet is made in the same factory, same flavors, yet they're killing it because they launched first and we are getting killed. So something is off. They're calling theirs. It could be just the name, the way that they're positioning it. They're calling their Sparkling Protein, and we're calling ours Protein Soda. Soda does not have necessarily a health name, so it could be that Sparkling Protein sounds like exotic and cool and healthy versus protein Soda. So it could be the name. I don't know. But I do know that Jeannie's Gourmet is killing it based on everything we're hearing in the industry. And so it has to have to do something with branding and being the first to market. So I. But I do unbiasedly, like, I, like, 100%. I would say, like, if I didn't, if I thought other otherwise. But I do think that our product tastes way better than theirs, and ours is a dollar cheaper on the 18 pack. So we have to figure out, how do we get people who have bought Sparkling Protein to try this? That's the objective. We have to try to figure out, is there a way for us to steal their margin? And then it's not so much converting people who are drinking, you know, vanilla protein shakes, because it's a very different audience. It's more about People who are interested in Genius Gourmet Sparkling protein to convert them to buy ours. Got it. Okay. Well, directly and then obviously to increase our sales as much as you can for those 50 locations. And, and in terms of, you know, Roas goals are spend per acquisition. Is it something, is it going to be similar to what we did last time? And how much budget do we want to spend? Similar range, 3000. We went up to 5000 to $7000 range every day potentially, if we could see that it's doing okay. So I think we should work our way up. But yeah, it probably won't be that high because for this product we are at 300 locations right now. It's just 50. 50. But I, I'm getting an idea, I'm just getting an idea from you. Well, you're also going to be running coupons, right? Like that was one of the ideas of having like a $2 off coupon or something that will incentivize them to try the product. Right. Okay. And do it as a limited time offer so that they can't like, they're like, oh, I'm gonna order it tomorrow, like try out the Coupon for like 24 hours to be like limited time offer to see the, the conversion rate and then let's talk about that. How long do we have to like how long are you going to stay in the stores? Not very long. They only bought this batch, so they're working through it. They're not necessarily reordering and they won't reorder until they see how this product does. Okay. So that's what I'm saying, like every day really matters because they're looking at daily sales. Got it. All right. Whereas like Target, we could be a whole lot less aggressive because we were in Target for a year at least. This is it. This at Costco, it's a one time order until we prove that to them that the product is moving. All right. Okay. So it may take a while to add that product on Instacart, but as soon as it's added, I'll launch the campaigns. Right, Right. Array. There won't be any delay on my product. Is it Costco? No, it's Instacart. So they have already added, but it may take a while to add it. I'll check if it is already processed, but if it is processed, I'll launch the ads right away. There won't be any, any delay on my end. Okay. Please keep me posted as soon as you start those. I'll do that. And did you Want me to talk a little bit about how I'm thinking about the target ads? Or is that not important at all? I don't think so. Okay. I don't think I could provide much insight into that. It's fine. I was just going to walk you through. So for example, I just did a reverse engineering to understand how many units I need to sell via instacart ads to meet the target. That's all. That's how I'm planning the spin and everything. Nothing more to it. Yeah, and one more thing. This is just for your information for Mighty Minis ads. I understand. Something I want I need to discuss with Ariana. But it's on the same account as no sugar us. So if we, let's say, increase the spend to $1,500 per month, which is what we have discussed, and right now on no Sugar, we are spending close to 5,000 US per month. So the tacos of the overall account will go up and as a result it may look unprofitable. I just want you to be aware of that. Okay. It will not be, it will not impact it a lot. So let's say right now we are maintaining a 10% tacos. We are spending 10% of the revenue and it may go up to 13%, say 13 or 14%. Okay. That is all. Okay, awesome. Well, thank you. Like I said, keep me posted and I'll keep you posted on how things go on our end in terms of just the overall set up. Sure, sounds good. Awesome. Yeah. All right, have a good rest of the day. Welcome back. Thank you. You too. Have a great day. Bye now. You too. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Well, thank you. It's been a while. It feels like it's been a while.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's been two weeks, and I'm back in Canada now.

Speaker A: Oh, I didn't even know you left. Where did you go?

Speaker B: Oh, I thought you knew I was in India.

Speaker A: Oh, okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Well, because we're always meeting over zoom, so I don't even know, like, where you could be dialing in from.

Speaker B: Right, yeah, yeah, yeah, of course.

Speaker A: How was it?

Speaker B: Well, it was great. I was there for the last three months, so it was great. I got my transplant there, and since then I was there. Yeah, it was good.

Speaker A: How are you feeling? How's it going?

Speaker B: Well, it will take more time to start growing. I growing more hair. They said it will start growing from the fourth or the fifth month, so. So it's been just three months, and it will take 10 to 12 months to see how it actually turns out. So patience.

Speaker A: Okay, good. Well, good. I got your agenda. So it looks like we have quite a bit to discuss. So what do you want to start with?

Speaker B: Well, how about we talk about the forecast first? Because it looks like, well, it's the same thing, same problem, but how do we deal with that?

Speaker A: So we do need to go back to having, like, two versions. One that we are tracking to finance, and then another one that in case there is inventory, realistically, what would we like to do? And I think you've had that idealistic version that we kind of managed, but that's why it looked like we were underperforming on the financial side every single month.

Speaker B: And.

Speaker A: And it wasn't small misses. It was like 3000-004000-00500,000. So it looked like we didn't know what we were doing. And I think that it's something that continues to pop up every single month as a question to me, and because I'm not, obviously keeping my eye on it very closely, then it becomes apparent that we're not managing this. So with that said, I know that you had that original forecast of, like, if we have it in inventory, this is what we should be shipping. And then we have the one that you have adjusted down. Now that you've adjusted it down, do you know by what percentage, like, what are we tracking to hit before, you know, the end of August?

Speaker B: Well, even the latest version that I have seen, that assumes that we will have inventory for many of the products that we haven't been sending. So I will need to create another version that we can use for finances. And the changes that I did are basically more Pessimistic before that I was thinking, oh, maybe just keep higher numbers because I plan to promote these products. Maybe this will do better. So that was more optimistic on. More on the optimistic side. Now the latest forecast is more on the pessimistic side. You even if, let's say the inventory is available. So the conclusion is that I need to create a different version where I'll just remove anything that we haven't been sending and also consider out of stock and lower the amounts that will be more realistic and comparable with what we have been really doing in terms of revenue.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So with that said you, you still like even because we have, you know, data, sales data I guess from September through the end of March now. So what is it looking like in terms of total sales?

Speaker B: Okay, let me share my screen here. I. These are the numbers and first I have. It's not January, I'm sorry. Oh no, this is not. Give me one second.

Speaker A: No worries.

Speaker B: I'm sorry about this but here it's not. Ah, okay. So those are the wrong numbers. I mean I copied the January numbers. Let me just get the February.

Speaker A: No worries.

Speaker B: Ah, I'll start sharing my screen again. Okay, so here are the February numbers. Now overall for February, it's really hard to see.

Speaker A: Can you zoom in? I can feel like tiny, tiny on my screen. Okay, right. Much better. Thank you.

Speaker B: No problem. So the February numbers here, it's for all the brands together we forecasted 563,000 and actual was just 314,000. The difference was 250,000 almost. And if we consider the exclude the out of stock products, it was at least 111k out of this. 250,000. Oh, I mean, sorry. It will reduce to. This difference will reduce to 111k compared to 250k. Now if you look at the individual brands, I sent you the numbers just for Joy Burst and no Sugar USA in response to Patricia's email. But this is for all the brands you will notice. Slim Quick USA and Slim Creek Canada, those brands, the difference is not in fact here in Canada. It's a small account but still it's doing better than what you forecasted. And Slim Quick usa, the difference is not that big, it's less.

Speaker A: So let me ask you there for SlimQuik USA. I logged in and I saw that we were severely out of stock of like most of them. Yeah. Now when I sent an email that was the first time like nobody flagged that with me. And one thing that we said we were never going to do is Be out of stock with slim quick mixed powders. So what's actually happening? Are you looking into inventory levels?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: And I'm just not being informed or like, what. What's happening?

Speaker B: Yes. So I have been in touch with Asia regarding these. We. And this is something that is on top of my mind. That's why in our last meeting two weeks ago, I said that we need to make a log, Amazon inventory transfer log and to track where the gap is. I can find that log, but okay, here, so if you look at this log, the gap for Platinum usa, I think this is not the one that I highlighted here in the screenshot. You will see you're also in this email. These are all Platinum USA shipments. Now, if you look at the time the warehouse takes here for this shipment, it was 16 days. Here it was 14 days. And this shipment was sent to the warehouse on February 26th. This was delayed by five weeks. And at that time we included gummies. And now that they delayed it by five weeks, we cannot send gummies anymore. So we had to cancel that entire order. And then we are.

Speaker A: Now, why would we cancel the order over one item?

Speaker B: Because we created the labels and everything changes on Amazon. It's a technical problem. You can say that. How it. We need to set everything up, create new shipments on Amazon. So if we need to change, why

Speaker A: not let that order go through and then place another one for Gummies?

Speaker B: No, what I mean is the gummies was already included in that order and we need to exclude that. So if we want to make that change, we have to create a new shipment. But that's not causing much delay. The point is they took five weeks, warehouse took five weeks to send the shipment, prepare the shipment.

Speaker A: And why doesn't anybody flag that with me?

Speaker B: Well, I was aware of these, but. And I have been talking with Zilka regarding this, following up with her. It was just not flagged with you, Zilka, I can do that.

Speaker A: Everything that is this serious. If we're. If somebody is taking five weeks to pack the product we already have on their floor, I need to know about this because this is an issue. I'm getting in for missing our sales by 50% month over month over month. And every single month we were blaming it, oh, it's an out of stocks. And then I talked to Sabrina and Sabrina's like, I produce the product, it's available. And then, you know, it's kind of getting lost in translation. So we can't keep managing it this way because there's no good reason for Anybody to take five weeks to pack a product. And for me not to know and to be able to scream at them like, that's not acceptable. It's not acceptable on our end. The fact that we didn't flag it and it's not acceptable on their end because by the time that they actually pack it, we're out of stock. And then our needs have changed again. So it's. It's not cool. We can't keep doing this.

Speaker B: Yeah. Even two weeks or 16 days, that's too long.

Speaker A: That's crazy. Yeah.

Speaker B: This is the case for Amazon, the Slim Quick Us account, which is why we're low, low in stock. In fact, out of stock in many items.

Speaker A: Please send me this stuff and keep me informed from now on. If that happens, I'll flag this internally. I'll schedule a call with the warehouse and we will find them for this because this is unacceptable. But I can't keep missing our targets by 50% month over month. I understand we were out of stock in September, October, November, but that doesn't apply here anymore.

Speaker B: Right? Yeah, sure. I'll. I'll send this.

Speaker A: And if we're out of stock, honestly on slimquik, even for a day, I need to know.

Speaker B: Okay, I'll keep you.

Speaker A: Because that was the one rule we said we're never going to be out of stock on. And I noticed it myself and I was like, why isn't anyone telling me this? Right?

Speaker B: No, I have been dealing with it. I was always aware of this. So it was just that you were not on all the emails.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: All right, so please send me this chart and then I'll get on the call with, with the warehouse.

Speaker B: Sure, sounds good. And one more thing. Okay, so let's get back to this. So Slim Quick USA have done well in the month of February. Now it will probably not that do that well in the month of March

Speaker A: and even maybe well, because we're out of stock.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, of course. Now the highlight is Slim Quick Sorry, no Sugar USA account here. The forecast was 218k and the actual was just 47,000. And the reason was out of stock. If I break it down across no Sugar and Joy Burst, this is how it looks like. So we forecasted 139k for Joy Burst Natural was 40,000 and the mist sales was 99,000.

Speaker A: And on what item?

Speaker B: On. Okay, so one major item is this Joy Burst protein coffee. This was on our forecast and we sent some units. All of those sold. So for example, this is just 12 days. What you see here it's just 12 days. We sold close to 185 units. And on our forecast, it's close to 400 units, I believe. And I think realistically we can do close to that now. We sent only 180 units. Something close to 180 units or 200 units. I don't remember the exact amount, but we actually need to send close to three months supply, which is 1200 units. Right? Thousand to 1200 units. And this is the situation. So we didn't sell this item. This is just one next important one is the hydration stick packs, the variety pack.

Speaker A: And this out of stock.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah, this has been out of stock for more than a month right now. And this was doing close to this much. So we are missing out on this amount of sales every month right now. And the reason was it was totally. It was produced. And I have been following up on this for more than a month. It has been sent right now. But even after it was produced, for some reason it couldn't be sent. Maybe there were some processes due. I'm not sure what exactly, but I kept following up with Esha. Again, I'll keep you in all of these emails in the future. But this is also out of stock. If you take a look at other products, Joy Burst Hydration, Peach flavor, Strawberry lemonade. Talk about any of these flavors, we don't have these in stock. So right now, if you look at these screenshots, this item was just sent.

Speaker A: Are we selling single flavor in 12s or in 18s?

Speaker B: This was probably the 12.

Speaker A: One says 12, one says 18, but

Speaker B: we have both of these, so I need to be sure which one is being sent. But none of these are in stock right now on Amazon. So this one, I believe we are sending the 12 count because this is inbound 12, 270 units. And this is the forecasted cell. So we are missing out on these. And same for strawberry lemonade. This is the forecasted cells. And we have just 81 units inbound. And in fact, even for the hydration drink drink mix, the variety pack, 3,000 units are inbound. So we have nothing in stock right now. And this is how it has been for more than a month right now.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And no sugar company items. We have missed the entire season for items like peanut butter cups and all. You mentioned that there was a problem with the manufacturer. So can I do anything about that? So I wanted to walk you through this was on the agenda that I wanted to review the inventory situation. And this is how it looks like

Speaker A: okay, so the first question that I asked is, like, what are we tracking to year to date in terms of sales?

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Forecast?

Speaker B: Yeah. Year to date, September to February. February. In SlimQuick USA, the forecasted sales was 1.1 million, and we did 966. Now in Canada, we are hitting our target. For Slim Quick. Canada, it's small account. For Slim Quick. Sorry, no Sugar Co. USA, it was 1.3 million. We did 628K or 629K. And we. We did 50%. We did even less than 50%. And for no Sugar and Joy Burst, we did 494K. The forecast was 861K. And for these two accounts, Zelka, the primary reason is we are always either out of stock or low on stock or we are sending products late.

Speaker A: Okay, so what do you think we're gonna close the year with? I know that our Target was over $0.06, 6.2 million. What do you think we're going to close the year with on Amazon?

Speaker B: Well, that really depends on if we're going to send the products that I showed you, all of these products, if we can send these to Amazon or not.

Speaker A: Well, what have we. When you total all of these, what are we at now?

Speaker B: I should have kept the total, but

Speaker A: we could do it now.

Speaker B: Yes. 64 plus 629 plus 2.15 million.

Speaker A: So April, May, June, July, August. So we have five more months, and we did this in seven months. So divide this number by seven. And then times it by 12.2.69.

Speaker B: 2.7.

Speaker A: So that's like 50% of what we said we were going to hit.

Speaker B: Yeah. This is actually declining because of the situation. But if we manage to stay in stock, Joy Burst is actually going to do better in summer.

Speaker A: Okay. So we might, realistically, even if we improve it, come at like four something or just around four. We're not going to hit five?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: So we're going to miss last year's.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Well, that's not good news. Okay, so let's do this. I'm gonna. Oh, my God. They're doing construction in this building. I don't know why they're doing it during business hours, and it's just so distracting. I'm gonna write to Sabrina and Asha about Dynamics taking, you know, up to five weeks to pack our order. And 16 days, it looked like it was their best, which in both cases is unacceptable. But we definitely have to fix that, and I'm going to ask for a contact of who to talk to about it. And then also call out that for Joy, bur specifically, we missed over $100,000 or just around $100,000 in sales in March alone because we're not sending enough product. So Joy Burst hydration sticks were out of stock for a month. I don't know why nobody told me that. It is peach and strawberry single flavors. Again, out of stock. And for protein, protein coffee we under shipped, even though I know that we have protein coffee produced. So I want to make sure that the future productions include online. Is there anything else that I need to include?

Speaker B: Well, I just examples. Example of the items, these are the majority. But of course, there are many other products on the list that are not being sent correctly.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: By the way, Zilke, I want to say this too. It's not. I don't want it to. Personally, I don't want to make it sound like it is Asha's fault or someone is not sending because Asha sends me the plan. I review them. I see how much we have at the warehouse versus how much we can send. So based on what we have available at the warehouse, the quantities make sense. But then there are warehouse delays. All of these things combining, production delays, all of this combining is causing it. So that's what I want to mention. I don't want to make it sound like it's someone else, someone like Asia's fault, for example. It's not.

Speaker A: Yeah, but I mean, it is. We have to figure out how to flag this appropriately, because I don't need to be on every email that you have with Asha or every meeting that you have with Asha. What I think is missing is the fact that when something doesn't go according to the plan, that it doesn't get escalated, and therefore it doesn't get fixed, and we just sit on it and we accept it to say, oh, well, we're going to be out of stock and we're gonna not have the item for a month. So that part is what ticks me off, because we've spent the money to make the product. It's sitting in the warehouse collecting dust while we spent the money already and paid the manufacturer and are paying interest to the bank and we're not even shipping the product. That's what really gets me mad. I understand in cases where, like peanut butter cups, they're out of stock, we didn't produce them, there's nothing to sell. That's okay. That's a totally justifiable thing. But where my head goes through the roof is like slim, quick, mixed packets that I was like, we can never be out of stock on that item ever. Not even for a day. That was the one item I said, we never can be out of stock. And then I log in and I'm like, we're out of stock on three flavors. Not just one, but three. And nobody even told me. Like, that's what gets me mad. And I know that we have the product in the warehouse, so, like, that's the part of the process that's broken, that I would just ask Ashes to Junior. So, like I said, it's not. I'm not going to blame anybody, but we need to make sure that these things get escalated and addressed with, like, speed and urgency versus we're just gonna sit on it and be like, oh, well, when it gets there, it gets there.

Speaker B: Right? Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So I will write or Asha and Sabrina. That's going to be the first thing. Okay. So let's talk about Instacart next.

Speaker B: Okay. Instacart. Okay, first of all, about the Instacart. Do you want a similar dashboard to this that I created last time for you? It has dates, paint.

Speaker A: I think that was good. Yep.

Speaker B: Okay. I'll not do it daily, but maybe weekly range this time.

Speaker A: Yeah. Did you start advertising?

Speaker B: Yes, I have started advertising almost 10 days ago now, so.

Speaker A: Oh, okay. I didn't know that you did because you didn't let me know.

Speaker B: I did let you know in one of the.

Speaker A: Did you?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Oh, I'm sorry. I must have missed it. Did you see that we won an Instacart award?

Speaker B: Yeah, I enrolled in. Into that one.

Speaker A: Huh? You enrolled this?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Oh, so you knew that we got it before we got it?

Speaker B: Yeah, it happened. Yeah. It's been. It's been a while that you have been enrolled.

Speaker A: Oh, I had no idea. But, like, they shipped us, like, an award in a brown box, and it looked like a bunch of random merch. And I was like, this makes no sense. I was like, why would somebody send me merch of their company.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And not like, of Joyburst. So I just kind of left it. And then at the end of the day, I was, like, literally sifting through, and I was like, what is this? A paperweight? It was like a plaque, and it looked like paperweight. And I was like, wait. And I actually read it, and I was like, oh, oh, my God, we won an award. And I didn't even know.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, it happened. Yes. It's also featured on their website, by the way.

Speaker A: Yeah. Awesome. So thank you for that. Okay, so let's talk About Instacart then. So you enrolled us in ads. How are we doing?

Speaker B: Well, so let's take a look at. I think we. I launched it on the 20th. Let me. Chick. Yes. All right. So so far, by the way, the. A few things. Okay, let me just start from the beginning here. So the ROAS is not going to look good for this product here. From what. What I understood and I did those numbers, I should have kept them. You mentioned that right now we are doing $11 per week per store, and we need.

Speaker A: Oh, hang on. We don't want the Target ones. We wanted Costco ones.

Speaker B: Oh, no, no. The Costco is not launched, but we are also doing the Target ones. No, that's what you. We mentioned, right? Hold on. This one.

Speaker A: Yeah. Hydration for Target. But hold on. Oh, okay. Yes. Okay, okay, okay.

Speaker B: So this was the objective.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Your objective was to increase the per store per week sales from 11 to 15 to 18 range. And I did. Should have kept the numbers ready with me. Zulka, I'm so sorry about that. But we have one.

Speaker A: Okay, you do that and I'll pull out our latest. I didn't know that you were already doing Target. So let me see. Target sales.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Tammy. So our hydration per store per week actually went down.

Speaker B: Really?

Speaker A: It went down by 8%

Speaker B: last week. It was last week.

Speaker A: March week, 4. So 322 to 3 28. So it sounds like that's the same time period.

Speaker B: Okay, so

Speaker A: let's see. So it didn't work. We could try it for one more week, but it doesn't look like it's. It's worked. Let me see. I could send you the data. This is Gummy Bear Sparkling. This is the.

Speaker B: Could it be. Could it be that the store sales overall is declining? Not because of Instacart. Without Instacart, maybe it would be even lower.

Speaker A: It would be an even bigger decline. Who knows? Yeah, right.

Speaker B: So, yeah, how about trying it for. I mean, you proposed one week, but do you think it would be better to try it for at least a few more weeks?

Speaker A: Yeah, let's try for next week, too. And then please send me the results in terms of how it's doing on a weekly basis for Target. And then the IC pop started in Costco us.

Speaker B: I know I have. Okay. So I'm still in the process of setting that up. The problem was the UPC that Irfan, I think his name is Irfan, he gave me, was not available on Instacart. So we needed to see what's going on. And it turns out it was listed with a different number, the same product on Costco and the Instacart team. Lily from Instacart, she told me that it's totally normal. It happens. But I'm in the process of setting that up. They're also adding that product to our account, and once that's done, I'll start launching ads.

Speaker A: Okay,

Speaker B: so now do you want to still talk about. Maybe I should just walk you through how I'm thinking of the Target ads, for example, and then we can talk a little bit about. The objective for Costco is that, all

Speaker A: right, the objectives for Costco is we are only in a limited number of stores. I forget what I wrote. It was like 50 or 100 stores. It's just a test. So every single day matters. So the sooner you could get those ads to start, the better, because they're going to make their decision based on the sales numbers. Our sales numbers are about half of what they need to be. So based on, you know, that budget that we said, like, let it run for the first few days to kind of see how it goes, there's only one other product that exists out there like it, and that's the Genius Gourmet. Genius Gourmet is made in the same factory, same flavors, yet they're killing it because they launched first and we are getting killed. So something is off. They're calling theirs. It could be just the name, the way that they're positioning it. They're calling their Sparkling Protein, and we're calling ours Protein Soda. Soda does not have necessarily a health name, so it could be that Sparkling Protein sounds like exotic and cool and healthy versus protein Soda. So it could be the name. I don't know. But I do know that Jeannie's Gourmet is killing it based on everything we're hearing in the industry. And so it has to have to do something with branding and being the first to market. So I. But I do unbiasedly, like, I, like, 100%. I would say, like, if I didn't, if I thought other otherwise. But I do think that our product tastes way better than theirs, and ours is a dollar cheaper on the 18 pack. So we have to figure out, how do we get people who have bought Sparkling Protein to try this? That's the objective. We have to try to figure out, is there a way for us to steal their margin? And then it's not so much converting people who are drinking, you know, vanilla protein shakes, because it's a very different audience. It's more about People who are interested in Genius Gourmet Sparkling protein to convert them to buy ours.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: Well, directly and then obviously to increase our sales as much as you can for those 50 locations.

Speaker B: And, and in terms of, you know, Roas goals are spend per acquisition. Is it something, is it going to be similar to what we did last time? And how much budget do we want to spend? Similar range, 3000. We went up to 5000 to $7000

Speaker A: range every day potentially, if we could see that it's doing okay. So I think we should work our way up.

Speaker B: But yeah, it probably won't be that high because for this product we are at 300 locations right now. It's just 50. 50. But I, I'm getting an idea, I'm just getting an idea from you.

Speaker A: Well, you're also going to be running coupons, right? Like that was one of the ideas of having like a $2 off coupon or something that will incentivize them to try the product.

Speaker B: Right. Okay.

Speaker A: And do it as a limited time offer so that they can't like, they're like, oh, I'm gonna order it tomorrow, like try out the Coupon for like 24 hours to be like limited time offer to see the, the conversion rate and then let's talk about that.

Speaker B: How long do we have to like how long are you going to stay in the stores?

Speaker A: Not very long. They only bought this batch, so they're working through it. They're not necessarily reordering and they won't reorder until they see how this product does.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So that's what I'm saying, like every day really matters because they're looking at daily sales.

Speaker B: Got it. All right.

Speaker A: Whereas like Target, we could be a whole lot less aggressive because we were in Target for a year at least. This is it. This at Costco, it's a one time order until we prove that to them that the product is moving.

Speaker B: All right. Okay. So it may take a while to add that product on Instacart, but as soon as it's added, I'll launch the campaigns. Right, Right. Array. There won't be any delay on my product.

Speaker A: Is it Costco?

Speaker B: No, it's Instacart. So they have already added, but it may take a while to add it. I'll check if it is already processed, but if it is processed, I'll launch the ads right away. There won't be any, any delay on my end.

Speaker A: Okay. Please keep me posted as soon as you start those.

Speaker B: I'll do that. And did you Want me to talk a little bit about how I'm thinking about the target ads? Or is that not important at all?

Speaker A: I don't think so.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I don't think I could provide much insight into that.

Speaker B: It's fine. I was just going to walk you through. So for example, I just did a reverse engineering to understand how many units I need to sell via instacart ads to meet the target. That's all. That's how I'm planning the spin and everything. Nothing more to it. Yeah, and one more thing. This is just for your information for Mighty Minis ads. I understand. Something I want I need to discuss with Ariana. But it's on the same account as no sugar us. So if we, let's say, increase the spend to $1,500 per month, which is what we have discussed, and right now on no Sugar, we are spending close to 5,000 US per month. So the tacos of the overall account will go up and as a result it may look unprofitable. I just want you to be aware of that.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: It will not be, it will not impact it a lot. So let's say right now we are maintaining a 10% tacos. We are spending 10% of the revenue and it may go up to 13%, say 13 or 14%.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: That is all.

Speaker A: Okay, awesome. Well, thank you. Like I said, keep me posted and I'll keep you posted on how things go on our end in terms of just the overall set up.

Speaker B: Sure, sounds good.

Speaker A: Awesome.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: All right, have a good rest of the day. Welcome back.

Speaker B: Thank you. You too. Have a great day. Bye now.

Speaker A: You too. Bye.

