Transcript for: Recording__987.mp4
Title: Recording #987
============================================================

I think you kind of have to go from here and then say, see page 16, right? To kind of help them because it's hard to read this kind of stuff. You kind of have to refer them to page 16 and then say, okay, like I'll go do a keyword audit. Content. I know Susie's rev revising the positioning, but we should kind of tighten all of that up like in February and March when that's done. And the same thing with the images. So one of the things they could ask you is what are the things you could do right away in January and what are the things you would wait for? March, April. So think about that. And you could maybe color code it or something. There's some bullet points that are too low, blah, blah, blah. There's some videos, brand strategy, pages, reviews is an issue. They know seller feedback. Because one of the things they could say is we're not going to do any of this until we have new positioning. So then you have to think about what would you answer if they say that? Okay, so rehearse presenting this kind of out of like it can go slow and because of your accent and your tonality, like you don't punch necessarily the things that need to be punched for emphasis. So you really want to rehearse. Right. Like how do you kind of share this in a way where they can follow you and what you're saying and they can get it. Like they can. Like there's a lot of things here. Like there's 10 different ideas that you have to communicate in just a couple minutes that says like, let me kind of work on this. But this is the first step. And then you show them. Oh wait, sorry, it's page. Oh, it's page nine also, right? Nine, ten. Oh wait, wait, wait. So sorry. So it's page nine, ten and eleven. So it's page nine, 10 and 11 here, right page. Oops. Page nine, 10 and 11. So I go into more details on page nine, 10 and 11. This is kind of showing your spending on the branded. This showing your whatever. And this is showing like, look, you know, you're bidding on like the keywords they're bidding on are very, very low. But then there's these very high, high search keywords that you're not bidding on. Right. Snack box, you're not bidding on. There's a whole bunch of stuff on Allergen too that they're not like snacks for kids and allergy free snacks and all that. Like you can probably. You're bidding on fava beans, but allergy Allergy free lunch snacks. Like there's probably like moms are looking for snack ideas I would think. Right. Especially if there's like with school you need allergy free ideas. So you're basically saying like, let me kind of go do some analysis on the keywords so that we can increase the span and we can figure out what words should we be bidding on or what words should we be prioritizing in our keyword SEO and bidding. Right. It applies to both. Right. Like SEO and ad spend. Okay, so this is kind of content. Where's your ad comments later on? Later on? Oh yeah, yeah. So this is C page 12, 13, 12 and 13. So okay, you just, you want to get to this. Like this is important and this is important. And once you've done this exercise and you fix the content and then you can start doing ads. Yeah. Okay, so blah, blah, blah. These are just examples. Examples. Okay, this is a good summary, but you won't need to repeat it. So the first thing I would do is where's the keyword analysis? It's here. Right? Let's change the order. Yeah, let's change the order. So let's change the order. Let's do 1, 2 and then 3. Right. So that it flows with above. So we said like, you know, we said here, number one is we got to organize and figure out what are the keywords so that we can both do SEO and ads. So follow the same flow here. So $1,000 one time fee to do the improvements of pretty much everything on this page. Right. Like do improve. If you do that, it's going to help with 1 and 2 and 3 and 4 and 5 and 6. It's going to help with all of them other than the ads. Right. One to nine. You do by doing this, by doing one and two, you're going to tackle one to nine. Oh, by the way, then let's do, once that's done, let's do a test to increase the ad span on the, the snacks to go. Right? Yeah. Then, then you can do this, this and this. Okay. So now it flows well. So the next step to recap is they hire you to replace them to the brace whatever agency they have, which they may not want to do. Right. So they might say, oh wait a minute, so what? So this is easy. It's yes or no, $1,000. Then you want to replace them to start doing ad spend. But you first have to fix all of these things for $1,000. Yeah, it's fixing the one listing and then also figuring out the products that we are offering. Yeah. And like all this stuff, like you have two pages, all the problems they have, you have to fix all those problems. So they might say, is it worth hiring you now or should we wait until we have the new positioning? What will you say if they say that? What do you think I should say? No, you tell me your answer and then I'll give you feedback on. Well, I'll say that I think it will benefit us. I mean, even if we do the keyword research and the ACO and whatever we need to do the keyword analysis and then improving the content for search engine optimization, it can benefit us right away right now. Yep, I agree. Yeah, I'm like, start learning, right? Start getting some stronger keywords and stuff. And of course as we work the positioning, because we can also test some things in the positioning like we can kind of, you know, SEO and what you have access to allows us to get feedback on searches that's, that's very valuable for the positioning. So it's kind of two things. One is if you start right now, you're going to start getting some wins. Number one. Two is you can learn and get some insights that could help with the positioning. Like to pick the right positioning, you can, you can kind of use the learnings of the keywords to help and then, and three, you just kind of update it once you have the final positioning. Like you keep tweaking it, right. It's, it's, it's ongoing but there's a lot of like low hanging fruit and issues to fix. So start, let's start fixing them now, right? Yeah, makes sense. Yeah, something like that. So like start now because there's a lot to do now and then we can tweak it as we learn in the positioning that we want to focus on fun or healthy snacks, then sure. Then we can do another, you know, another refresh on keywords and SEO. But I don't know, I don't know if like, because your ad campaigns technically, you know, often Amazon in your brand positioning, like it's like at Lovegood Fats Mint and saying the word protein and mint was like, was lighting up like the roas. So whether your positioning is fun or healthy, like there's things like that that you just know because there's like these little niches like this oil for dogs, right. Like there's these little niches that can do well for the brand that the Amazon expert needs to tell you and then the brand people can say, oh, wait a minute, I didn't realize that that's so strong, that that's so popular. Right. Like we work hand in hand together. Like you tell us what are some kind of big trends and what the consumers responding to or looking for and then that helps the brand kind of say, oh wait a minute, that could be a product idea or why don't I add that to my packaging, etc. Etc. Right. Like the sooner, like when that, if that question comes up, the sooner we start doing this together. This is just an additional data point of research that's going to help us, but it doesn't need to be 100% overlap. Let's say we, we have this, you know, fun campaign positioning like PitoS, I think did this stupid new positioning. That doesn't mean that you start buying all of the keywords related to fun. If that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So they'll probably say yes to the thousand dollars. Then you'll say like, let's start like let's do all of this, fix all of these things first. Let's a have, have these meetings on the multi packs, blah, blah, blah. And then when all of that is done, it'll take a couple weeks, then let's go and start spending in Canada on the multipack. Sounds good. Oh, and by the way, we'll do these small things too. So you know, What about. Do you have the right scorecard? Do they have the right scorecard that you think? Yeah, they're tracking it quite well, I'd say. Okay. Yeah, So this is. Okay, so the scorecard is good, right? Yeah, their scorecard is good. Should I. So I am not the one to create that. They are keeping track of it. So I guess I don't have to do that for them. Well, do you have, they might ask you, do you have a scorecard that you really like that you use? Well, my scorecards are kind of for internal things. So the report that I shared, I never shared that with my clients before. So I have those kind of reports. So you don't have a client scorecard that is better than this that you recommend? They. No. Okay. Because most agencies, they have like the five things, right? Here's our team, here's our case study, here's our process here, blah, blah, and here's our scorecard. Like most digital agencies kind of charge you for the scorecard. Same with research agencies. They charge you for these little bells and whistles because that's the type of stuff that the client will choose one partner for another because they're like, hey, you know, I want stuff presented to Me, like, I want a scorecard. The same as, you know, with your investments. You want to understand what's going on. So most agencies, like, say, hey, look at our awesome dashboards and scorecards. Look at how ours are awesome. So you should put that on your list to have like the CPG Edge dashboard, standardized dashboard. You don't need to do it tonight, but you know, you should have that on your list. Like a good agency, I agree, has dashboards for their clients. Okay. Okay, so I think we're in. Good save. Let's see how it goes. They're very, very conservative. It took me again 10 hours of pitching before I got them in, etc. Etc. But I think, you know, we're basically saying to give you a chance for $1,000 to improve some stuff. I don't know who their current agency is, so they're probably not going to want to yank their current agency. Them or something. But let's see what they say. I was just talking to Derek, so Brad's brother, and he's the one who had like the five agencies for Meta, right? So you're Amazon. They barely do anything. He barely does anything on Amazon. But conceptually his struggle is finding the right agency for Meta. So he hired me a year ago. I worked for him for nine months. He hired four new Meta agencies and was all comparing and testing them. One was 15,000amonth, the other ones were five, blah, blah, blah. He fired all of them and he's been managing it himself. And now he just. Yep. Like, he just fired all of them. He's spending about 6 million. That's all confidential. And now he just hired one agency. Again, this is not your Amazon. Like, this is not Amazon. This is. And he hired just one agency. And. What is this? They are called. He sent me their deck. This is their agency. So this is the deck he got from them. Let's look at it together. But again, so different world, but same thing. Like, hey, I need an agency, right? So look, they presented a statement of work. So he hired them for this. So the company, he hired them for these services. So it's basically a big, big, big audit. And a model, right? Like they have a model for budgeting. So model, model, model. So, you know, basically they have this model, like 20 grand and he got like a 10 discount. Wow. Yeah, so that's their thing, right? Like they're gonna, they have this system that. It's like what we've kind of chat about. They put all of the hours and they have a system and a model. So now they can charge that for that system and model and it's going to have diagnostic. It's going to have. So what they basically do is they all the data gets inputted. And they get a license and then they dump all the data in the model and then it spits out, you know, the Amar. Like, it spits out what they should be doing. This is what they should be doing. So. And that will cost them 17,020. Oh, 20, okay. Oh, 17, yeah. 17, yeah. And this is not management. They will not even manage that. No, no, they just pump it into. It's basically like he's fired all these 15,000amonth, right? He's. He's. They're a DTC marketing agency and he's engaged them to build the forecast using their profit system here. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna copy this to you, but I just want you to. To see what other agencies do. So this is a sophisticated agency that the way they get their business is with this model to maximize roas. Right? Yeah. Wow. Just to show you, right, there's like little baby steps, but the, the bigger you get with the experience, like, that becomes my standard. Right? Like, so if you're just do. If you're just dealing with upworks, people like, you never see any of this stuff, right? Exactly. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Okay, good. Okay. So just rehearse how you're gonna present. And just remember your accent and your tonality can make it harder to understand. So when you're presenting, you're gonna have 10 minutes and 10, 15 minutes. You have to present effectively. So you have to know, like, which words you're going to say so that they understand what you're saying. And it's all about managing the client to say, hey, you have these issues, these pain points. Like, look at all these videos. And this $4,000 you spend with whatever consultants, it's always the same thing. You have a. The client has pain points, the consumer has point points. You're there to solve their pain points. So just kind of. You can make notes. Like, you should write your script. You can make notes, but this is going to be. Repeat, repeat, right? If you do this for 30 years, this type of coach you're getting now, you're going to do for 30 years. You're just going to get better and better and better and your agency can get bigger and bigger and you're eventually going to be selling your scorecard, selling like you probably would AI. You can have like a plugin, right? They hire you and like, boom, you do a plugin. All of this stuff comes out automatically. You're not doing any hours of analysis. Right. Like that's where you want to go. That's where I want to go with the business review. But none of that AI stuff is good if the thinking's not good. So all the stuff we talked about today in critical thinking and the right key findings, the right numbers, the right conclusions. If you can't do that, there's no AI in the world that's going to do anything. Okay. Yes. Okay, so I'll talk to you tomorrow. All right. Yeah. Thank you so much. Yeah. Okay, bye. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: I think you kind of have to go from here and then say, see page 16, right? To kind of help them because it's hard to read this kind of stuff. You kind of have to refer them to page 16 and then say, okay, like I'll go do a keyword audit. Content. I know Susie's rev revising the positioning, but we should kind of tighten all of that up like in February and March when that's done. And the same thing with the images. So one of the things they could ask you is what are the things you could do right away in January and what are the things you would wait for? March, April. So think about that. And you could maybe color code it or something. There's some bullet points that are too low, blah, blah, blah. There's some videos, brand strategy, pages, reviews is an issue. They know seller feedback. Because one of the things they could say is we're not going to do any of this until we have new positioning. So then you have to think about what would you answer if they say that? Okay, so rehearse presenting this kind of out of like it can go slow and because of your accent and your tonality, like you don't punch necessarily the things that need to be punched for emphasis. So you really want to rehearse. Right. Like how do you kind of share this in a way where they can follow you and what you're saying and they can get it. Like they can. Like there's a lot of things here. Like there's 10 different ideas that you have to communicate in just a couple minutes that says like, let me kind of work on this. But this is the first step. And then you show them. Oh wait, sorry, it's page. Oh, it's page nine also, right? Nine, ten. Oh wait, wait, wait. So sorry. So it's page nine, ten and eleven. So it's page nine, 10 and 11 here, right page. Oops. Page nine, 10 and 11. So I go into more details on page nine, 10 and 11. This is kind of showing your spending on the branded. This showing your whatever. And this is showing like, look, you know, you're bidding on like the keywords they're bidding on are very, very low. But then there's these very high, high search keywords that you're not bidding on. Right. Snack box, you're not bidding on. There's a whole bunch of stuff on Allergen too that they're not like snacks for kids and allergy free snacks and all that. Like you can probably. You're bidding on fava beans, but allergy Allergy free lunch snacks. Like there's probably like moms are looking for snack ideas I would think. Right. Especially if there's like with school you need allergy free ideas. So you're basically saying like, let me kind of go do some analysis on the keywords so that we can increase the span and we can figure out what words should we be bidding on or what words should we be prioritizing in our keyword SEO and bidding. Right. It applies to both. Right. Like SEO and ad spend. Okay, so this is kind of content. Where's your ad comments later on?

Speaker B: Later on?

Speaker A: Oh yeah, yeah. So this is C page 12, 13, 12 and 13. So okay, you just, you want to get to this. Like this is important and this is important. And once you've done this exercise and you fix the content and then you can start doing ads.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, so blah, blah, blah. These are just examples. Examples. Okay, this is a good summary, but you won't need to repeat it. So the first thing I would do is where's the keyword analysis? It's here. Right? Let's change the order. Yeah, let's change the order. So let's change the order. Let's do 1, 2 and then 3. Right. So that it flows with above. So we said like, you know, we said here, number one is we got to organize and figure out what are the keywords so that we can both do SEO and ads. So follow the same flow here. So $1,000 one time fee to do the improvements of pretty much everything on this page. Right. Like do improve. If you do that, it's going to help with 1 and 2 and 3 and 4 and 5 and 6. It's going to help with all of them other than the ads. Right. One to nine. You do by doing this, by doing one and two, you're going to tackle one to nine. Oh, by the way, then let's do, once that's done, let's do a test to increase the ad span on the, the snacks to go.

Speaker B: Right? Yeah.

Speaker A: Then, then you can do this, this and this. Okay. So now it flows well. So the next step to recap is they hire you to replace them to the brace whatever agency they have, which they may not want to do. Right. So they might say, oh wait a minute, so what? So this is easy. It's yes or no, $1,000. Then you want to replace them to start doing ad spend. But you first have to fix all of these things for $1,000.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's fixing the one listing and then also figuring out the products that we are offering.

Speaker A: Yeah. And like all this stuff, like you have two pages, all the problems they have, you have to fix all those problems. So they might say, is it worth hiring you now or should we wait until we have the new positioning? What will you say if they say that?

Speaker B: What do you think I should say?

Speaker A: No, you tell me your answer and then I'll give you feedback on.

Speaker B: Well, I'll say that I think it will benefit us. I mean, even if we do the keyword research and the ACO and whatever we need to do the keyword analysis and then improving the content for search engine optimization, it can benefit us right away right now.

Speaker A: Yep, I agree. Yeah, I'm like, start learning, right? Start getting some stronger keywords and stuff. And of course as we work the positioning, because we can also test some things in the positioning like we can kind of, you know, SEO and what you have access to allows us to get feedback on searches that's, that's very valuable for the positioning. So it's kind of two things. One is if you start right now, you're going to start getting some wins. Number one. Two is you can learn and get some insights that could help with the positioning. Like to pick the right positioning, you can, you can kind of use the learnings of the keywords to help and then, and three, you just kind of update it once you have the final positioning. Like you keep tweaking it, right. It's, it's, it's ongoing but there's a lot of like low hanging fruit and issues to fix. So start, let's start fixing them now, right?

Speaker B: Yeah, makes sense.

Speaker A: Yeah, something like that. So like start now because there's a lot to do now and then we can tweak it as we learn in the positioning that we want to focus on fun or healthy snacks, then sure. Then we can do another, you know, another refresh on keywords and SEO. But I don't know, I don't know if like, because your ad campaigns technically, you know, often Amazon in your brand positioning, like it's like at Lovegood Fats Mint and saying the word protein and mint was like, was lighting up like the roas. So whether your positioning is fun or healthy, like there's things like that that you just know because there's like these little niches like this oil for dogs, right. Like there's these little niches that can do well for the brand that the Amazon expert needs to tell you and then the brand people can say, oh, wait a minute, I didn't realize that that's so strong, that that's so popular. Right. Like we work hand in hand together. Like you tell us what are some kind of big trends and what the consumers responding to or looking for and then that helps the brand kind of say, oh wait a minute, that could be a product idea or why don't I add that to my packaging, etc. Etc. Right. Like the sooner, like when that, if that question comes up, the sooner we start doing this together. This is just an additional data point of research that's going to help us, but it doesn't need to be 100% overlap. Let's say we, we have this, you know, fun campaign positioning like PitoS, I think did this stupid new positioning. That doesn't mean that you start buying all of the keywords related to fun. If that makes sense.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. So they'll probably say yes to the thousand dollars. Then you'll say like, let's start like let's do all of this, fix all of these things first. Let's a have, have these meetings on the multi packs, blah, blah, blah. And then when all of that is done, it'll take a couple weeks, then let's go and start spending in Canada on the multipack.

Speaker B: Sounds good.

Speaker A: Oh, and by the way, we'll do these small things too. So you know, What about. Do you have the right scorecard? Do they have the right scorecard that you think?

Speaker B: Yeah, they're tracking it quite well, I'd say.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker A: So this is. Okay, so the scorecard is good, right?

Speaker B: Yeah, their scorecard is good. Should I. So I am not the one to create that. They are keeping track of it. So I guess I don't have to do that for them.

Speaker A: Well, do you have, they might ask you, do you have a scorecard that you really like that you use?

Speaker B: Well, my scorecards are kind of for internal things. So the report that I shared, I never shared that with my clients before. So I have those kind of reports.

Speaker A: So you don't have a client scorecard that is better than this that you recommend? They.

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: Okay. Because most agencies, they have like the five things, right? Here's our team, here's our case study, here's our process here, blah, blah, and here's our scorecard. Like most digital agencies kind of charge you for the scorecard. Same with research agencies. They charge you for these little bells and whistles because that's the type of stuff that the client will choose one partner for another because they're like, hey, you know, I want stuff presented to Me, like, I want a scorecard. The same as, you know, with your investments. You want to understand what's going on. So most agencies, like, say, hey, look at our awesome dashboards and scorecards. Look at how ours are awesome. So you should put that on your list to have like the CPG Edge dashboard, standardized dashboard. You don't need to do it tonight, but you know, you should have that on your list. Like a good agency, I agree, has dashboards for their clients. Okay. Okay, so I think we're in. Good save. Let's see how it goes. They're very, very conservative. It took me again 10 hours of pitching before I got them in, etc. Etc. But I think, you know, we're basically saying to give you a chance for $1,000 to improve some stuff. I don't know who their current agency is, so they're probably not going to want to yank their current agency. Them or something. But let's see what they say. I was just talking to Derek, so Brad's brother, and he's the one who had like the five agencies for Meta, right? So you're Amazon. They barely do anything. He barely does anything on Amazon. But conceptually his struggle is finding the right agency for Meta. So he hired me a year ago. I worked for him for nine months. He hired four new Meta agencies and was all comparing and testing them. One was 15,000amonth, the other ones were five, blah, blah, blah. He fired all of them and he's been managing it himself. And now he just. Yep. Like, he just fired all of them. He's spending about 6 million. That's all confidential. And now he just hired one agency. Again, this is not your Amazon. Like, this is not Amazon. This is. And he hired just one agency. And. What is this? They are called. He sent me their deck. This is their agency. So this is the deck he got from them. Let's look at it together. But again, so different world, but same thing. Like, hey, I need an agency, right? So look, they presented a statement of work. So he hired them for this. So the company, he hired them for these services. So it's basically a big, big, big audit. And a model, right? Like they have a model for budgeting. So model, model, model. So, you know, basically they have this model, like 20 grand and he got like a 10 discount.

Speaker B: Wow.

Speaker A: Yeah, so that's their thing, right? Like they're gonna, they have this system that. It's like what we've kind of chat about. They put all of the hours and they have a system and a model. So now they can charge that for that system and model and it's going to have diagnostic. It's going to have. So what they basically do is they all the data gets inputted. And they get a license and then they dump all the data in the model and then it spits out, you know, the Amar. Like, it spits out what they should be doing. This is what they should be doing. So.

Speaker B: And that will cost them 17,020. Oh, 20, okay.

Speaker A: Oh, 17, yeah. 17, yeah.

Speaker B: And this is not management. They will not even manage that.

Speaker A: No, no, they just pump it into. It's basically like he's fired all these 15,000amonth, right? He's. He's. They're a DTC marketing agency and he's engaged them to build the forecast using their profit system here. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna copy this to you, but I just want you to. To see what other agencies do. So this is a sophisticated agency that the way they get their business is with this model to maximize roas. Right?

Speaker B: Yeah. Wow.

Speaker A: Just to show you, right, there's like little baby steps, but the, the bigger you get with the experience, like, that becomes my standard. Right? Like, so if you're just do. If you're just dealing with upworks, people like, you never see any of this stuff, right?

Speaker B: Exactly. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yes. Okay, good.

Speaker A: Okay. So just rehearse how you're gonna present. And just remember your accent and your tonality can make it harder to understand. So when you're presenting, you're gonna have 10 minutes and 10, 15 minutes. You have to present effectively. So you have to know, like, which words you're going to say so that they understand what you're saying. And it's all about managing the client to say, hey, you have these issues, these pain points. Like, look at all these videos. And this $4,000 you spend with whatever consultants, it's always the same thing. You have a. The client has pain points, the consumer has point points. You're there to solve their pain points. So just kind of. You can make notes. Like, you should write your script. You can make notes, but this is going to be. Repeat, repeat, right? If you do this for 30 years, this type of coach you're getting now, you're going to do for 30 years. You're just going to get better and better and better and your agency can get bigger and bigger and you're eventually going to be selling your scorecard, selling like you probably would AI. You can have like a plugin, right? They hire you and like, boom, you do a plugin. All of this stuff comes out automatically. You're not doing any hours of analysis. Right. Like that's where you want to go. That's where I want to go with the business review. But none of that AI stuff is good if the thinking's not good. So all the stuff we talked about today in critical thinking and the right key findings, the right numbers, the right conclusions. If you can't do that, there's no AI in the world that's going to do anything. Okay.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay, so I'll talk to you tomorrow. All right.

Speaker B: Yeah. Thank you so much.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, bye.

Speaker B: Bye now.

