Transcript for: Recording__55.mp4
Title: Recording #55
============================================================

Sorry, it's a bit slow. Looks like that. It's slow. Okay. All right, so let's begin. The objective of this presentation is to discuss the process and the content of snack2go variety pack. I am going to start with the five step process and the first step is kind of needed for the step two. So the step two is to study Amazon audience. We need to understand the context of use, how customers use products like ours, what they, how they perceive competitors and our products. And to do that we first of all have to identify the close competitors that are very similar to ours, which is step one. And the way we do it is we identify the primary category keywords that are relevant to our product and then we identify the best selling products for those keywords, words that are very similar to our product. And once that's done, we jump into step two where we try to understand the context of use, how it's used and customer language, how they perceive computers, products and our product. Along with that we also need to take some time to study the computer listing assets to understand their selling points, their positioning and also we need to understand our product very well, our ingredients, what we offer, all the things that we can offer based on these information. We then decide the talking points or the key messages. And the reason we need to do it is because we need to very clearly understand. The key points that we want to be very easily understood by the customers. Even though, even if they take just one second to review, let's say one image just to skim through them. And once we are very clear on the talking points, then we write the listing copy and also, I mean the title bullet points and also the images, the copy and design for the images. Now the fifth step is SEO where we try to understand where, how the product, like the computer products that we discovered in step one, they are ranking and which one of those keywords are relevant for our product. And at the same time, I mean after we identify the keywords, we also want to identify the descriptors or the call outs from the keywords. So for example low calorie snacks, low calorie and low calorie snacks, we then sprinkle in those keywords and ac optimize the listing copies, especially the text copy. And also we need to fill out the backend attributes including the search terms in the listing back. This is the overall process. Okay, so now let's start with the first step here. I have just given you some examples of the primary keywords in the US and Canada. The ones on the right starting from here are the ones in Canada sellers and on the left, these are in the U.S. bestsellers in the U.S. now I analyzed five products in total. Of course one is ours and then these two are in Canada. I also wanted to look at two best performers in the U.S. these are the two best performers in the U. S. Of course these two products are also listed in the U.S. now these are the context of use starting from healthy snacking. The things that we are very familiar with healthy snacking, alternative for work, school lunches, kids friendly snacks. People are also looking for high protein diet compliments snacks that, that will complement their high protein diet on the go. And also they want to portion control for controlling calorie intake. There are, sorry, there are customers who are also looking for diet specific, I mean snacks that are compatible with their diet needs. Low calorie, gluten free keto. And these are also some additional ones. I would say that apart from the diet pre diabetic or diabetic control here, these are not of that much importance. These are not that frequent. But I could still find some of these use cases. Okay, so you've ranked these 1 to 13. Okay, so you've ranked these 1 to 13. They have like a ranking. All right, so now let's take a look at how customers perceive these products. And if I go over all five products, you will see many things are repetitive. So I have highlighted the ones that are important. For go Beans, it's Jimmy, Jimmy Savini's Go Beans. In Canada, many customers complain about the price and portion size. Small portion size and also questionable ingredients that they have Likes are very common. I mean flavor, variety and crunchy texture. This is something that we'll see. It's repetitive among all products. Now for Nature's Garden, the healthy trail mix. This is a very rare occasion where I got to see people are actually liking the portion size. Usually they have the complaint about that. Yeah. And what did you say? I just missed that song. What did you say? I just missed that song. That product is. I have that product. It's a 43 gram inside. So they're, they're a bit bigger for sure. Yeah. And, and so you're saying on the go beans you're saying it's so they. So you're saying on the go beans you're saying it's too, the packs are too small. Yes. On this one they're saying it's a good portion size. Okay. Okay. And what gram is this? This one's how much? This one, the Nature's Garden is. I believe it's a 43 gram. I'm just going to the go beans here to see what they are. Unless, you know, yours is 28. Our new, our new one will be 28, but our current one is only 15. Oh, okay. But don't you have a 40 somewhere? We do have a 40, but we're discontinuing it because it's actually, we've got lots like it's. That's a really big portion of beans. 40 grams of just beans like this nature's garden is like sunflower seeds and berries and stuff. It's like a trail mix. So. Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah, okay. So now customers also express concern about the. I mean, safety. They have some safety concerns regarding this product because if you look at their packaging, their ingredients are sourced from several countries. And at the same time, customers say that each packet. Packet has excessive amount of fruit and it lacks variety and quantity of the nuts. And also they complain about the still quality. Some sometimes for the kibo chickpea and lentil chips in the U.S. they like unique flavors like Himalayan salt flavor. But they do complain about the price for the same reason. I mean, I mean, compared to the quantity that they offer for the only beans, this is, this is really performing well. This sells more than 30,000 units a month. Month in the US but they do have a safety concern that it's made in China. Now let's take a look at. So yeah, please go ahead. Did you want to say something? No, that. That's a very good point. Y. No, that. That's a very good point. So now let's take a look at our product. They like all these things about us. I just highlight these because these are new Canadian brand and kid friendly. Of course, this is only in Canada. And dislikes. This is a very important one. The reason we have 3.8 stars, I think it's 3.8 stars rating is because there's a frequent mention of frequent complaints about the rancid smell and stale taste and of the chickpea. Yeah, that's the chickpea. And also they do complain about the small portion size. Well, so that's. Where. Where are we, Alicia? So where. Where are we Alicia on that project? So the musty smell of the chickpea, we have been flushing with nitrogen for the last. I think we put that in end of October and we've seen a significant difference. So I think we will see that soften and improve moving forward. So because the interesting thing is the sea salt lime chickpea is part of the costco rotation out in the US and the US Is way more critical than Canada. We haven't received anything back from that. So I think we're moving in the right direction on that specific complaint because for your. For you to show home like that is our top complaint, which we don't get a lot. But our top complaint is the sea salt lime chickpeas, specifically this. So I'm also working with a new seasoning supplier to look at even reformulating the sea salt lime seasoning. Because at first we thought it was more the chickpea with the fat content of chickpea. And chickpeas have a bit of a grainy, like a grainy smell naturally to them unseasoned. But now I'm looking at the sea salt lime seasoning specifically because it's heightened in this specific flavor. And I don't want to go too much in the weeds on that. But my chocolate ones, milk chocolate, are pretty stale. That I can send you the chickpea. Yeah. So yeah, that's definitely the chickpea. It's. I think it's first and foremost the chickpea. Second, this is specifically the. The lime. Something about the lime being sour and not sweet lime. Like there's something there, I think. Yeah, yeah. But nitrogen flushing. Susie. Huge. Like already showing huge. I haven't opened up my chick. I haven't opened up my chickpea at the master case I bought. But I'll do that. And then the small portion. Yes. They are only 15 gram. So our new variety pack show home. It's a 28 gram, a 1 ounce, which we've. That's in the club pack. It's just a. A better portion we've received in the past that a 40 gram, which is the caddies that we have on actually online right now that are. Is actually too big of a portion. People don't like that. They want to tuck it aside. It's too many beans. It's very filling. So yeah, we're moving to the 28 gram. This 15 gram was like literally. We initially did these 15 grams at covet for set for passing out for sampling because it was the only way that like sampling could happen. So we made a small pack that was cost effective that we could just give out for free. Free. And then what we did was create an E commerce item around it. We said, how do we make this saleable? And this is how that's how most scrappy bread. So. So I'm just on that topic and should we consider a 40 gram in the project or and like, should we is or do we not need that? Based on your analysis, do we need bigger than 20 grams? If 40 grams. If we also got feedback that 40 grams is too much, probably we shouldn't. But if we can consider doing something bigger than 15 grams, which we are. Right. 28 grams. Which we are. Yeah. Yeah. Then I think that should be which we are. Yep. Yep. Okay, so we don't need it to. Okay. Okay. So we don't need it to. Okay, okay. Okay. Now let's talk about the talking points. So based on all these things and I mean, these are the things I would like to talk about in our listing. And out of all these things, I would say these first two are the most important two. So if you want me to say what I'm trying to sell in one line, I would say healthy variety pack of chickpeas. Healthy roasted. Healthy variety pack of roasted chickpeas, Fava and lentil lentils. That's what I'm saying. So it's like I'm focusing on the variety and taste and healthy. These, these are the things that I would love to focus on in the listing. That's the most important thing to me in my mind now. So this is great to show home because what I love about this, Susie, is this was 100, like where we're at with the position, like our TVs and everything like that. Like what you're seeing on. On E. Commerce with the competitors and with what. But the one thing we haven't talked about too much, Susie, in the positioning is. And I guess that's the positioning of the variety pack itself. Is this convenient on the go? Like the fact that. Right. Literally we just positioned this like it doesn't say chickpeas, it doesn't say fountains. It says protein snacks on the go. It's very specific. So that's good, right? Yeah, it's good. Definitely for E Comm it seems like it's coming to the top. Like I need to take it with me. Travel, kids, school, things like that. So this is good to see. Show home. And I think I sent you a brand. Even at Costco, they have on the go. On the pack. I have to go. Yeah, yeah. Okay. So for healthy snacking, there are few different things, right? Of course we're going to claim that it's healthy slang, but what's the. What are the rtbs? Before I even go there something that I like. It's. It's high protein diet compliment, but it's also not a high protein snack compared to other options. That are available, for example, edamame. So yeah, well, anyway, so for, for healthy, it has plant protein. That's good. It has high fiber and it's roasted, never fried. And the way I thought. Yeah, yeah, that's awesome. Right? I like. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The way I thought about it is because it's roasted and never fried, it has low saturated fat. Please correct me if I'm wrong. I just think that if it is fried, the saturated fat goes up and it also becomes like the calorie count also goes up. So that's how I have thought about it. But is that fact in data Sohan? But is that fact in data Sohan? Like is that like I'm okay with saturated fats because I'm a keto girl, but is this backed in data? Like based on your search, does it make sense to say roasted, never fried, low saturated fat. Okay, so it makes sense to say it's healthy and also low calorie. By the way, it starts for yes, localories. I'm not surprised. The thing is I'm saying all these things too so that they believe that it's healthy. Right? 100. Yeah, yeah, correct. 100. Now the second thing is people love variety and I would love to highlight the taste aspect of it. It's crunchy, it's tasty and we're offering varieties and then individual, individually wrapped. This is kind of implied the moment they see the packaging because they will see the packets on in the image. But you still always want to say it. Like is my experience. Like, all right, I'm reacting in this way because I have made some suggestions for the images. We'll talk about that later. All right now. Yeah, so individually wrapped, it's because of that it's convenient for on the go and it's good for portion control. You don't overeat and then diet specific needs. Gluten free, nut free, plant based, peanut free, people look for nut free options. No, nothing artificial. Canadian. If we are marketing it in Canada, kid friendly and there are some additional use cases, not that important. But okay. Now one thing we wanted to understand is how is what are the difference in these two marketplaces, the US and the Canadian marketplace, when it comes to keywords and SEO. What I found is USA has more keywords, way more keywords than Canada and they have high search volume and I think tools like Helium 10, they don't detect much keywords, many keywords in Canada because they don't have that many search engines. So. And also one thing is the Canadian keywords overlap with the US Ones. So if we just consider the US Ones, that's going to be sufficient. Healthy is much. But healthy is much. Healthy is much higher. Like in Canada. Right, because it's 28 versus like 102. So it's like it's 1 5th instead of 1 10th. Like snacks. I see how you're thinking about that. Yeah. Yeah. Because it's the rule of 10, right? Yeah, because it's the rule of 10, right, Sue? That applies to you. Snap. And so this slide here. And so this slide here, show home. Is where you're saying, these are the words we need to. These. These are the things we need to make sure are on the writing. But these are like the top kind of what we're bidding into, what we need to show up when somebody says, well, out of the keys we have to. This is not the. I just want to show you this file. This is basically a screenshot from this file here where I have listed all the keywords. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Now what I did is I have gone through this list and these are the descriptors that are relevant to our product. So then you. Correct. I will tell you why I have decided that I will focus on these descriptors or call outs in bullet point one in a moment. But this is how I have divided them that. Okay. So I'm going to include them in the bullet point. The first one. These will go in the second one. Yeah, perfect. Okay, now let's take a look at the listing content. So let's discuss the bullet points first, then we'll get back to the title. Each bullet point, I have written them in a way so that even if you read just the first three or four words, you will understand what exactly we are going to talk about the core message of the entire bullet point. So. And I have tried to do this because people don't read honestly bullet points, probably people don't even. I mean, many people don't even look at them. So here, apart from that, I mean, even if you take a look at the sentence structures, I've tried to keep them short and again made sure even if they read the first few words of each sentence, it's going to add some value to them. At the same time, they are SEO optimized, which is the descriptors and keywords that I showed you. Now, the first bullet points, it's very. When we do this, it's very important for us to be clear about what we're going to include in each bullet point. Right. So the first bullet point Here, for example, is going to focus on the healthy part, healthy aspect of it. The second one is about flavor, variety, taste. The third one is about the convenience and portion control also. I mean, because it's portion control, we'll again mention low calorie. Then the fourth one is about these two. It's clean and it's Canadian, if we are in talking about it in Canada. And the last one is different. That's how I've structured it. Okay, so I mean, I'm not going to read them right now. Or do you want me to? No, this is great. I've read through it. No, this is great. I've read through it. So I get where you're going. And so my only question. So because to your point of like, they don't read. So you're almost saying like within the first five words of each bullet, you need to like say the message. But the rest of the copy is more just about search terms and stuff. Right. Like I guess I'm saying, should we make them? These are very crisp. In my opinion. The language, it has a brevity in it. And yes, you're right. They may not even look at any of the bullet points because you saw how it is like in the U.S. right? You have to literally click on the dropdown menu to see the bullet points. Who will read. And I mean, it's also an experiment that you can run with tools like, I'm not sure with Intelliv, but there's one tool called Product. Product Pinion. How do they browse when they take a look at your Amazon listing? The title first and then the images probably then reviews. That's how it goes. Yeah. So images, they are the most important ones. Okay. Now, so I'm not reading these. I have included. So just tell me about the title though. Okay? Oh, and so just tell me about the title though. So tell me. Yeah, just tell me about the title. Yeah, how we are trying to. I'm trying to position the product. It's a. I told you two important things, right? One is Healthy Variety and Tasty. These are the three things I wanted to keep. And that's what you will see. It's Healthy Variety Snack Pack. And then I wanted to. Okay, so this is something that you have to experiment, experiment with. This is, let's say this is the first version of the title. I wanted to keep this again to again as a RTB for healthy and again protein, reach and all these things. Then I'm talking about the test. Let me know if these adjectives are okay. Yeah, so yeah, these are, these are all good. Yeah, these are, these are all good. I think my only question was because I noticed we kind of do the, we say healthy and then the roasted. Never fried even before the protein. But I guess that's because healthy snacks scored highest. So you're kind of playing on the low calorie and then into protein. So yeah, yeah, it's all there. I, I just think that if we, if we say this is a protein snack, our RTP is not that strong. If you compare the amount of protein that we have in each bag, it's just three to four grams per serving. Of course if you increase the pack, the size, serving size, then it will improve. But if you compare this with edamame, then it will be like 12 gram, 14 gram in that. Something in that range. And if you say protein snack, then you're comparing yourself with protein bars, for example, that can compete with it given the amount of protein us. I don't think we are a protein snack. It has protein but cannot say it's a protein snack. That's how I, I'm thinking. Yeah, perfect. Yeah. Okay, perfect. Now the back end keywords and we have the images. So I'll just go to this link and then show you the images. Okay. Yes, the images. And so just question while you're pulling that up on the images. And so just question while you're pulling that up on the images because. So this will be Brittany and our designer executing on this. And this might be a stupid question and Brittany might already know the answer, but the resolution and the sizes of the images required, is that stated in the back end of Amazon for listing images? No, no, it's not, but it should be at least, they recommend at least thousand by thousand. Let's do it a little bit bigger. Maybe 1500 by 1500 pixels. And also this is something people also experiment with. For example, we are not proposing square size right now. Some say that. What about the traffic on phone? Then they go with 16 is to 9 ratio and then see that performs better. So whole lot of tests. Anyway, for now we are going to go with square ones. Okay. With squares. Yes, goes with squares. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. All right. So the main image is going to be the most important one. This is our ad creative, right? I mean if you compare with Meta, then this is our creative. And I love what this brand has done. The only bean in the US they are selling beans. And I mean I wish I could show how it looks in the search result. You can read these. This really stands out when you search, this is the only thing. And these, these are the two things that you can read even from the search result, even if you're clicking on any product. And I love that thing about this one. So what can we do right now? We cannot change packaging immediately. And also you are working on your packaging design, I believe, your brand positioning and all those things. So there. It's not just Amazon. We have to. We have a lot of. A lot of other things to consider. Now for one option that I was thinking if we could include a healthy roasted crunch on the. Not on the packaging, because that may cause some trouble. But I found this example. This is again against Amazon's policies, but still you can try and see if it gets accepted. We can add a strip like this said it looks like it's almost part of the product and then highlight this in a high. Like, it has to be high contrast so that it's easily easy to read. Like high putting, snagging rate. That would be. Yeah, you're almost saying just take. Right. So, yeah, you're almost saying just take the. Take the pack and put like a banner underneath. Like make it part of the image. That's our designer can do that for sure. So this is an example where you're saying the pack would sit above it and then there's like a banner. Yeah. Or above the back. Yeah, yeah, More about the back. Okay, yeah. And then you want. And you're saying. So just so that I understand your brief, go up just once more. So, yeah, you're saying it would say healthy roasted crunch. No, no. Versus I said that just like high protein snack on this pack. That's. I'm just giving an example. Yeah, okay. Yeah, okay. So but if you. But okay, yeah. And so, but if you. But in the image, do you want it to say healthy roasted. I want to say this. Yeah. Okay, the first one. Yeah, yeah. Okay, the first one. Okay, okay, Yeah, I get what you're saying. And this is something that contradicts with what Susie said. Yeah. And this is about packaging redesign. So I don't think we can do it right now, but we can run the AB testing and see how the result is. Okay, that's interesting. So, yes, tell me about your. Okay, that's interesting. So yes, tell me about your. So you're saying replace snacks to go roasted chickpeas with roasted chickpeas, fava and lentils. If you were to redesign. Sorry, this is not the. But you're saying if you were to redesign, instead of saying protein packed snacks to go you would say roasted chickpeas, favas and lentils. Yes. This is just a taste by the. We are not changing the packaging. Even if we do, we'll run the AB test first and see how the result is. If we. If it is something reliable, then we can consider. That's what I'm proposing. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And then what is the Healthy Snack? Right. Okay. And then what is the Healthy Snack? Right. Oh, is Healthy Snack ready on the top? Right. So what I mean by that is. Let me pull up our listing first. Okay. So I was. Okay, we don't have. Have that here. I'm sorry, one second. So I was thinking maybe somewhere here we can. Yeah, I see. Okay. Can say that the Healthy Snack variety. And I was just assuming that it will be implied from the packaging that it says snack to go pack because of the packs. But Susie also has a point. All I'm proposing is this is something we should test. And we can also change the aspects, the things that we're testing here. We can also. Yeah, I'm open to that, basically. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So. And just because I. If I were to. Okay, so. And just. So, because I. If I were to go, you know, because I have to update Brittany because she's off, and I would. I want her to start getting these images and stuff ready right away. Um, because just in your brief here, how it is, is the top is like do this, but then these. Or run a B testings. These are more like. Oh, and we could try this. Like she doesn't have to go do anything. Well, this is also. Yeah, okay. Will not do anything without testing. Yeah. Okay. Oh, I see. Okay. Okay. Right. Okay. All right. So that's the main image. And the second image is going to talk about the Healthy Snack rtps and also variety. Because the second image, I believe, is the most important one after the main image and title in the entire list. So I was, I was. I'm suggesting that we include icons of these. I mean, the protein count, fiber count, it's low calorie, it's 50 to 60 calorie and gluten free and low saturated fat. All these things like this. And this is just. Oh, even before I discuss this, actually I missed one point. I'm sorry. This is what I need to talk about. So I gave you two examples and I was thinking if we could do all these images with a consistent color theme, like these two products, that would look quite good. This one and this one specifically. They just have a yellow background. Yeah. They will follow the same theme even in the A plus content. But look at them. I just think that they look very good. Of course it has to go with what we want to do with our brand too. Yeah. Okay, so let's now talk about the image 2. Here we are also going to show the three options that we are offering and how many packs we are offering. So I said that maybe we can remove these 30 packs total and instead we can write 10 packs. 10 packs. 10 packs for the three flavors that we are offering. Or we could do this, something similar to this where we're just going to show the products inside. And if we do these, then many of the things are going to be replaced. For example, the package had roasted. So I would want to add roasted, never fried. And I can't also made in Canada, because here you get to see made in Canada. Okay. Now the third one is about the on the go convenience. And what you will see here is this. These are exactly the same as the bullet points because images are even more important than the bullet points. I'm mentioning all of these things for in the images focusing on one topic at a time. So one will. The third one will be on on the go convenience. And the fourth one is clean and the clean snack and quality of it. And I like these on the packaging. I think we should take this opportunity to tell the story. And the fourth image, fifth one would be. It's kid friendly. That's the topic. And we can keep the sixth image. This nutrition facts table. We already have that. We can just keep it in the sixth position. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I can get Brittany's back. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I can get Britney's back. She's back on Thursday. So I'm gonna get her to kick this off immediately. And then once she kind of comes up with some creative, she'll pass it to you what she's for some guidance. But yeah, hopefully it doesn't take her longer than. Okay, you know, maybe end of next week she can have something. Okay. Susie had to go. I didn't even notice that. Yeah, so then so and so basically. Yeah, so then so and so basically in your slides there show home because the other day you also had so the template you have there for the images. Then you also have one for the copy or do we just out of your slides. How do you. So just tell me a bit about the process. So now that we're aligned on the copy, we're aligned on the images, we have to get creating them. Do you wait for both of them to be done before going into the page? And just updating all that content is. Okay, then we'll just update that there. Yeah, okay. And so in terms of the copy and the writing, Britney does that. Okay, and so in terms of the copy and the writing, Britney does that. What about for like the copy like your bullets there, the bullet points for the images. What about for like the copy like your bullets there? Already updated them. Okay. Oh, you already updated. No, I didn't update them. You are asking me about the Amazon page. They are asking. Okay, updating the page. Yeah, no, I'm asking about updating the page. So the copy is written and we're saying, hey, I totally agree with it. I don't see any flags. I think it's all there positioning wise. So now the copy is written. Is it the understanding that Brittany goes in and does that and should she just do that even before the images are ready? Okay, and then my second question there is so when you go do that. Okay, and then my second question there is so when you go do that, is there any review that has to happen with Amazon before it publishes? Like is there any disruption or it just updates? So because yeah, Britney's not like if this is, this copy could just help right away. Okay. So cuz yeah, Britney's not like if this is something we feel that this copy could just help right away. Like yeah, if you want to go on and just do it, that's great. And then. But the images probably won't be done until next. Start with the main image. That's the most important one. And then the second. Yeah, I could probably use this in addition. Brief. Brief. I'll center our page and then your recommendations. Yeah, I could probably use this in addition the brief. I'll center our page and then your recommendations and get the designer started so that Brittany can just take it from there. Okay, so next steps. Okay, so I'm just. Sorry, I'm just making notes here. So show home is going to update the product page. Bullets, basically. Is that a plus content? What do you call that? Is that the kickoff design? Yeah. Okay. Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry. Okay, there are some design, kickoff design, what we discussed right now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the stuff at the bottom, right? Yeah. For the images, by the way. I'm just going to call it the listing bullets. Any of the structure and what we need to include in some cases also the copy. But we need to play around with that because even there we need to make sure that it's schema. If just someone takes a look at it for one second, they can understand what it's about because that's what people do. Okay. Yeah. And that link that you shared that shows your like suggestion for images and examples and that link that you shared that shows your like suggestion for images and examples. I can just share that link anywhere or do you have like a download that you prefer Terms. So and then in terms of search terms. So again, no flags on any of those words. I think they're all there. I think we have the right competitors that you're looking at and the right information. So next steps on that because basically now you have to look at the budget and the terms and how that all kind of. Yes, they're going to be. Because some of those are going to be more expensive than others, right? Well, it's better in Canada than the U.S. yeah. And I think that it will. It depends but I think we'll do well for healthy related snacks, particularly the French one. For healthy snacks and for protein snacks. No, will not. Because I reviewed the. I am getting this data from the search query performance report and compare the click through rate. Click through it is with the top 10 competitors for each important keywords. For healthy related snacks, we are still. We still rank lower. Okay, so let's say out of 10 we are. If you compare the click through rates, they're probably in the lower two or three. I am still hopeful for some reason for the healthy one one it's better for the French one. We are on the top end. So we are probably a third when it comes to, I mean third highest click through rate for the French keyword. So let's see. We need to do that experiment. We never ran any ads for healthy snack related keywords. There's no data on those in the search term report. So let's see how it works out. Yeah. Okay. And then that's my other question too. Just in terms of your takeover, I guess. Yeah. Okay. And then that's my other question too, just in terms of your takeover. I guess in like running the budget there we just kind of have to like I know the contract like for March 1st, but are you able to. Do I have to kind of just tell my agent what is like hey, February 28th, your hands off and I have somebody else in there or are you able to just start in the back? What are they doing right now? Just ads. Yeah, just ads. Pardon me? Very minimal. They're probably touching it. Very minimal right now. Yeah, just ads and probably. And very minimal. They're probably touching it. Very minimal right now. Because we're in transistor transition month. So I mean, yeah, I can just let me know one week ahead. It's going to be March 1st, right. So you can prepare. So you're saying. So yeah, you're kind of saying, hey, you'll take over the week of February 24th. Yeah. Okay. So you're saying. So yeah, you're kind of saying, hey, you'll take over the week of February 24th. Time to like. Is that what you're saying? Yeah, yeah, I'm saying let's say they say one week ahead or one day ahead first, so let me know just one week ahead of that. So 22nd February, so that we can align internally in the team, you know, and we can be ready the day we take it over. We can do something. Yeah, okay. Okay. Yeah. Then you can just get in it and just start. Right. And you're not feeling like you have to wait till this. Yeah, okay. Because then. Yeah, then you can just get in it and just start. Right. And you're not feeling like you have to wait till this. Okay, so I just making that note. So okay, you're going to update the product page with the listing page. I'll, I'll kick off the design and pass that back to Britney when she's back. End of week, you'll officially take over February 22. Ish on that. So that I can notify the people. Second. And then there was one other question I had here. What was it? Oh, actually, so then I wanted to talk to you too. So just obviously the tariff discussion for the US So right now basically our average budget of what we're spending is like eleven hundred dollars in the US and about the same in Canada. It's like even, even split because in the contract to in March, Your suggestion is $2,500 to Canada. So with the tariff in the U.S. i don't. What is your opinion on pulling down and out. Not out completely, but significantly pulling budget down in the US how much do you think? How. We need to review the numbers. Right. So how is it affecting the costs first of all? And how does that affect our breakeven margin for first of all, then we can probably say that, look, based on our breakeven margin right now after tariff, that didn't happen yet. Hopefully it will not. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well and hopefully if it does, it's just short term. So that's why I wouldn't want to shut it off completely. Yeah, well, and hopefully if it does, it's just short term. So that's why I wouldn't want to Shut it off completely. We need to leave something. Right. But 25, like that's significant. There's I, I don't know any companies out there that are making 25 or more on their freaking E commerce business if they're fulfilling variety packs and stuff. Right. So I don't know what other conversations have you had with your other companies about it? Well, yeah, but basically anything so because we're the fsvp, right? Well, yeah, but basically anything so because we're the FSVP, right. So yeah, I don't really. So because it's 25 on the goods going in, we'll have to, we'll probably have to just do a price increase. Yeah, but like whatever that threshold is, I'll have to talk in part of my meeting discussion this week. So. But what I'm sort of thinking is yes, let's see how that we probably will budget to canada less to.com to. So show home you were going to maybe just kick off a ticket with Amazon, start that discussion about the snacks to go in the. Yeah. So which speaks to show home you were going to maybe just kick off a ticket with Amazon, start that discussion about the snacks in the US to validate if that's the issue. Did you want to kick that off? And can you see me by the. I guess if that's what you call it. Pardon me, can you still see me? Okay, yeah, you cut out there for a second, but I can still see you. Something's wrong with this. Pardon me, I cannot see you. Yeah, you cut out there for a second. I can still see you. Okay, you can't see me. We're almost done here. Okay, that's fine. So I just want the next step. So us snacks, you'll kick off with that. And then I'll have a budget discussion, tariff impact and budget discussion with my team today because I will also. And then I know we were going to have that conversation about the skew skus today, so I was just going to pull this up, but maybe I'll just send an email and we'll have that discussion on our next along with what we need to do with this tariff. Why is my notes doing it? So okay. Yeah, because that might affect how much we rationalize in the US as well. Another touch point next week. Yeah. Okay, so you're good on next steps. And then I guess maybe we'll have another touch point next week. I'll see how far I can get this design going and stuff. And then that discussion next week will be about the that discussion next week will be. Oh, yeah, so that was the other question in terms of just reporting and KPIs. So what do we like. Do you have a scorecard right now that you work with your other brands? How do you report? Let me refresh. Sorry. The reporting that I provide is very basic. It's mostly about the bi weekly sales and the ad spend and a few other things like click through rate CPC and that. All those stuff. That's what I provide to most of my clients now for in some cases where the engagement is. I mean, where it's very engaging. For example, no Sugar company. Yeah, I. The analysis goes much more in depth there. We take a look at it at all of their expenses, not only at the product level, but also at the. Sorry. Not only at the account level, but also at the product level. Try to understand which ones we need to improve. Groove. Yeah, there are those reportings too. Okay, Are you able to just send me an example or a snapshot of what a basic bi weekly sales report looks like? Sure. Okay. Are you able to just send me an example or a snapshot of what a basic bi weekly sales report? Like, you know, one or two things we want you to. Yeah. And then. Because then again, I can bring this into my discussion I'm having this week about just all sales strategies and maybe if there's, you know, one or two things we want you to add to it for us, then we could have that conversation. Sorry, you cut out. I didn't hear what you said. Oh, I was. I was saying I think I have too many tabs open anyway. Yeah, I was saying. Good. So if you. If it is convenient, I can keep on adding to that. Okay. Yeah, we can. Maybe I'm just. It could be simplified a little bit. But really what we're looking at is like, yeah, the month of the metrics of roas and all of that. And then sometimes what we like to see. Okay. Yeah, we could maybe I'm. It could be simplified a little bit. But really what we're looking at is like, yeah, the month over month revenues, all the metrics of roas and all of that. And then sometimes what we like to see is per Asin, the trends broken out. So especially because we'll be launching new ones, discontinuing other ones. Okay, well, if you just send me just your snapshot looks like. And we can take a look at simplifying ours too. Okay, perfect. All right. I'll be in touch about a meeting next week, but we can go forward on these next steps. All right, before you go. Yes, go right ahead. Yeah, I don't know. What? Yeah, if it doesn't disrupt anything and you don't have to wait for the images, I guess. Okay. Why not just do it, right? Yeah. Okay, perfect. Okay, chat soon. Okay. All right, I'll practice. Okay, chat soon. Yes. Bye now, Elisha. Yeah, yeah, okay, chat soon. Have a great day. Bye. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Sorry, it's a bit slow. Looks like that. It's slow. Okay. All right, so let's begin. The objective of this presentation is to discuss the process and the content of snack2go variety pack. I am going to start with the five step process and the first step is kind of needed for the step two. So the step two is to study Amazon audience. We need to understand the context of use, how customers use products like ours, what they, how they perceive competitors and our products. And to do that we first of all have to identify the close competitors that are very similar to ours, which is step one. And the way we do it is we identify the primary category keywords that are relevant to our product and then we identify the best selling products for those keywords, words that are very similar to our product. And once that's done, we jump into step two where we try to understand the context of use, how it's used and customer language, how they perceive computers, products and our product. Along with that we also need to take some time to study the computer listing assets to understand their selling points, their positioning and also we need to understand our product very well, our ingredients, what we offer, all the things that we can offer based on these information. We then decide the talking points or the key messages. And the reason we need to do it is because we need to very clearly understand. The key points that we want to be very easily understood by the customers. Even though, even if they take just one second to review, let's say one image just to skim through them. And once we are very clear on the talking points, then we write the listing copy and also, I mean the title bullet points and also the images, the copy and design for the images. Now the fifth step is SEO where we try to understand where, how the product, like the computer products that we discovered in step one, they are ranking and which one of those keywords are relevant for our product. And at the same time, I mean after we identify the keywords, we also want to identify the descriptors or the call outs from the keywords. So for example low calorie snacks, low calorie and low calorie snacks, we then sprinkle in those keywords and ac optimize the listing copies, especially the text copy. And also we need to fill out the backend attributes including the search terms in the listing back. This is the overall process. Okay, so now let's start with the first step here. I have just given you some examples of the primary keywords in the US and Canada. The ones on the right starting from here are the ones in Canada sellers and on the left, these are in the U.S. bestsellers in the U.S. now I analyzed five products in total. Of course one is ours and then these two are in Canada. I also wanted to look at two best performers in the U.S. these are the two best performers in the U. S. Of course these two products are also listed in the U.S. now these are the context of use starting from healthy snacking. The things that we are very familiar with healthy snacking, alternative for work, school lunches, kids friendly snacks. People are also looking for high protein diet compliments snacks that, that will complement their high protein diet on the go. And also they want to portion control for controlling calorie intake. There are, sorry, there are customers who are also looking for diet specific, I mean snacks that are compatible with their diet needs. Low calorie, gluten free keto. And these are also some additional ones. I would say that apart from the diet pre diabetic or diabetic control here, these are not of that much importance. These are not that frequent. But I could still find some of these use cases.

Speaker B: Okay, so you've ranked these 1 to 13. Okay, so you've ranked these 1 to 13. They have like a ranking.

Speaker A: All right, so now let's take a look at how customers perceive these products. And if I go over all five products, you will see many things are repetitive. So I have highlighted the ones that are important. For go Beans, it's Jimmy, Jimmy Savini's Go Beans. In Canada, many customers complain about the price and portion size. Small portion size and also questionable ingredients that they have Likes are very common. I mean flavor, variety and crunchy texture. This is something that we'll see. It's repetitive among all products.

Speaker C: Now

Speaker A: for Nature's Garden, the healthy trail mix. This is a very rare occasion where I got to see people are actually liking the portion size. Usually they have the complaint about that. Yeah. And what did you say?

Speaker B: I just missed that song.

Speaker C: What did you say? I just missed that song.

Speaker B: That product is. I have that product. It's a 43 gram inside. So they're, they're a bit bigger for sure. Yeah. And, and so you're saying on the go beans you're saying it's so they. So you're saying on the go beans you're saying it's too, the packs are too small.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: On this one they're saying it's a good portion size. Okay. Okay.

Speaker C: And what gram is this? This one's how much?

Speaker B: This one, the Nature's Garden is. I believe it's a 43 gram. I'm just going to the go beans here to see what they are.

Speaker C: Unless, you know, yours is 28.

Speaker B: Our new, our new one will be 28, but our current one is only 15. Oh, okay.

Speaker C: But don't you have a 40 somewhere?

Speaker B: We do have a 40, but we're discontinuing it because it's actually, we've got lots like it's. That's a really big portion of beans. 40 grams of just beans like this nature's garden is like sunflower seeds and berries and stuff. It's like a trail mix. So. Yeah, okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, okay. So now customers also express concern about the. I mean, safety. They have some safety concerns regarding this product because if you look at their packaging, their ingredients are sourced from several countries. And at the same time, customers say that each packet. Packet has excessive amount of fruit and it lacks variety and quantity of the nuts. And also they complain about the still quality. Some sometimes for the kibo chickpea and lentil chips in the U.S. they like unique flavors like Himalayan salt flavor. But they do complain about the price for the same reason. I mean, I mean, compared to the quantity that they offer for the only beans, this is, this is really performing well. This sells more than 30,000 units a month. Month in the US but they do have a safety concern that it's made in China. Now let's take a look at. So yeah, please go ahead. Did you want to say something?

Speaker B: No, that.

Speaker C: That's a very good point.

Speaker B: Y. No, that.

Speaker C: That's a very good point.

Speaker A: So now let's take a look at our product. They like all these things about us. I just highlight these because these are new Canadian brand and kid friendly. Of course, this is only in Canada. And dislikes. This is a very important one. The reason we have 3.8 stars, I think it's 3.8 stars rating is because there's a frequent mention of frequent complaints about the rancid smell and stale taste and of the chickpea.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's the chickpea.

Speaker A: And also they do complain about the small portion size. Well, so that's.

Speaker B: Where.

Speaker C: Where are we, Alicia? So where. Where are we Alicia on that project?

Speaker B: So the musty smell of the chickpea, we have been flushing with nitrogen for the last. I think we put that in end of October and we've seen a significant difference. So I think we will see that soften and improve moving forward. So because the interesting thing is the sea salt lime chickpea is part of the costco rotation out in the US and the US Is way more critical than Canada. We haven't received anything back from that. So I think we're moving in the right direction on that specific complaint because for your. For you to show home like that is our top complaint, which we don't get a lot. But our top complaint is the sea salt lime chickpeas, specifically this. So I'm also working with a new seasoning supplier to look at even reformulating the sea salt lime seasoning. Because at first we thought it was more the chickpea with the fat content of chickpea. And chickpeas have a bit of a grainy, like a grainy smell naturally to them unseasoned. But now I'm looking at the sea salt lime seasoning specifically because it's heightened in this specific flavor.

Speaker C: And I don't want to go too much in the weeds on that. But my chocolate ones, milk chocolate, are pretty stale. That I can send you the chickpea.

Speaker B: Yeah. So yeah, that's definitely the chickpea. It's. I think it's first and foremost the chickpea. Second, this is specifically the. The lime. Something about the lime being sour and not sweet lime. Like there's something there, I think. Yeah, yeah. But nitrogen flushing. Susie. Huge. Like already showing huge.

Speaker C: I haven't opened up my chick. I haven't opened up my chickpea at the master case I bought. But I'll do that.

Speaker B: And then the small portion. Yes. They are only 15 gram. So our new variety pack show home. It's a 28 gram, a 1 ounce, which we've. That's in the club pack. It's just a. A better portion we've received in the past that a 40 gram, which is the caddies that we have on actually online right now that are. Is actually too big of a portion. People don't like that. They want to tuck it aside. It's too many beans. It's very filling. So yeah, we're moving to the 28 gram. This 15 gram was like literally. We initially did these 15 grams at covet for set for passing out for sampling because it was the only way that like sampling could happen. So we made a small pack that was cost effective that we could just give out for free.

Speaker C: Free.

Speaker B: And then what we did was create an E commerce item around it. We said, how do we make this saleable? And this is how

Speaker C: that's how most scrappy bread. So. So I'm just on that topic and should we consider a 40 gram in the project or and like, should we is or do we not need that? Based on your analysis, do we need bigger than 20 grams?

Speaker A: If 40 grams. If we also got feedback that 40 grams is too much, probably we shouldn't. But if we can consider doing something bigger than 15 grams, which we are. Right. 28 grams.

Speaker C: Which we are. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Then I think that should be which we are.

Speaker B: Yep. Yep.

Speaker C: Okay, so we don't need it to. Okay. Okay. So we don't need it to.

Speaker A: Okay, okay. Okay. Now let's talk about the talking points. So based on all these things and I mean, these are the things I would like to talk about in our listing. And out of all these things, I would say these first two are the most important two. So if you want me to say what I'm trying to sell in one line, I would say healthy variety pack of chickpeas. Healthy roasted. Healthy variety pack of roasted chickpeas, Fava and lentil lentils. That's what I'm saying. So it's like I'm focusing on the variety and taste and healthy. These, these are the things that I would love to focus on in the listing. That's the most important thing to me in my mind now.

Speaker B: So this is great to show home because what I love about this, Susie, is this was 100, like where we're at with the position, like our TVs and everything like that. Like what you're seeing on. On E. Commerce with the competitors and with what. But the one thing we haven't talked about too much, Susie, in the positioning is. And I guess that's the positioning of the variety pack itself. Is this convenient on the go? Like the fact that.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker B: Literally we just positioned this like it doesn't say chickpeas, it doesn't say fountains. It says protein snacks on the go. It's very specific.

Speaker C: So that's good, right?

Speaker B: Yeah, it's good. Definitely for E Comm it seems like it's coming to the top. Like I need to take it with me. Travel, kids, school, things like that. So this is good to see. Show home.

Speaker C: And I think I sent you a brand. Even at Costco, they have on the go. On the pack. I have to go.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. So for healthy snacking, there are few different things, right? Of course we're going to claim that it's healthy slang, but what's the. What are the rtbs? Before I even go there something that I like. It's. It's high protein diet compliment, but it's also not a high protein snack compared to other options. That are available, for example, edamame. So yeah, well, anyway, so for, for healthy, it has plant protein. That's good. It has high fiber and it's roasted, never fried. And the way I thought.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, that's awesome. Right? I like. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: The way I thought about it is because it's roasted and never fried, it has low saturated fat. Please correct me if I'm wrong. I just think that if it is fried, the saturated fat goes up and it also becomes like the calorie count also goes up. So that's how I have thought about it.

Speaker C: But is that fact in data Sohan? But is that fact in data Sohan? Like is that like I'm okay with saturated fats because I'm a keto girl, but is this backed in data? Like based on your search, does it make sense to say roasted, never fried, low saturated fat.

Speaker A: Okay, so it makes sense to say it's healthy and also low calorie. By the way, it starts for

Speaker C: yes, localories. I'm not surprised.

Speaker A: The thing is I'm saying all these things too so that they believe that it's healthy. Right?

Speaker B: 100.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, correct.

Speaker A: 100. Now the second thing is people love variety and I would love to highlight the taste aspect of it. It's crunchy, it's tasty and we're offering varieties and then individual, individually wrapped. This is kind of implied the moment they see the packaging because they will see the packets on in the image.

Speaker C: But you still always want to say it. Like is my experience.

Speaker A: Like, all right, I'm reacting in this way because I have made some suggestions for the images. We'll talk about that later. All right now. Yeah, so individually wrapped, it's because of that it's convenient for on the go and it's good for portion control. You don't overeat and then diet specific needs. Gluten free, nut free, plant based, peanut free, people look for nut free options. No, nothing artificial. Canadian. If we are marketing it in Canada, kid friendly and there are some additional use cases, not that important. But okay. Now one thing we wanted to understand is how is what are the difference in these two marketplaces, the US and the Canadian marketplace, when it comes to keywords and SEO. What I found is USA has more keywords, way more keywords than Canada and they have high search volume and I think tools like Helium 10, they don't detect much keywords, many keywords in Canada because they don't have that many search engines. So. And also one thing is the Canadian keywords overlap with the US Ones. So if we just consider the US Ones, that's going to be sufficient.

Speaker C: Healthy is much. But healthy is much. Healthy is much higher. Like in Canada. Right, because it's 28 versus like 102. So it's like it's 1 5th instead of 1 10th. Like snacks.

Speaker A: I see how you're thinking about that. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Because it's the rule of 10, right? Yeah, because it's the rule of 10, right, Sue?

Speaker A: That applies to you. Snap.

Speaker B: And so this slide here. And so this slide here, show home. Is where you're saying, these are the words we need to. These. These are the things we need to make sure are on the writing. But these are like the top kind of what we're bidding into, what we need to show up when somebody says,

Speaker A: well, out of the keys we have to. This is not the. I just want to show you this file. This is basically a screenshot from this file here where I have listed all the keywords.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: Now what I did is I have gone through this list and these are the descriptors that are relevant to our product. So then you. Correct. I will tell you why I have decided that I will focus on these descriptors or call outs in bullet point one in a moment. But this is how I have divided them that.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So I'm going to include them in the bullet point. The first one. These will go in the second one.

Speaker B: Yeah, perfect.

Speaker A: Okay, now let's take a look at the listing content. So let's discuss the bullet points first, then we'll get back to the title. Each bullet point, I have written them in a way so that even if you read just the first three or four words, you will understand what exactly we are going to talk about the core message of the entire bullet point. So. And I have tried to do this because people don't read honestly bullet points, probably people don't even. I mean, many people don't even look at them. So here, apart from that, I mean, even if you take a look at the sentence structures, I've tried to keep them short and again made sure even if they read the first few words of each sentence, it's going to add some value to them. At the same time, they are SEO optimized, which is the descriptors and keywords that I showed you. Now, the first bullet points, it's very. When we do this, it's very important for us to be clear about what we're going to include in each bullet point. Right. So the first bullet point Here, for example, is going to focus on the healthy part, healthy aspect of it. The second one is about flavor, variety, taste. The third one is about the convenience and portion control also. I mean, because it's portion control, we'll again mention low calorie. Then the fourth one is about these two. It's clean and it's Canadian, if we are in talking about it in Canada. And the last one is different. That's how I've structured it. Okay, so I mean, I'm not going to read them right now. Or do you want me to?

Speaker B: No, this is great. I've read through it. No, this is great. I've read through it. So I get where you're going. And so my only question. So because to your point of like, they don't read. So you're almost saying like within the first five words of each bullet, you need to like say the message. But the rest of the copy is more just about search terms and stuff. Right. Like I guess I'm saying, should we make them?

Speaker A: These are very crisp. In my opinion. The language, it has a brevity in it. And yes, you're right. They may not even look at any of the bullet points because you saw how it is like in the U.S. right? You have to literally click on the dropdown menu to see the bullet points. Who will read. And I mean, it's also an experiment that you can run with tools like, I'm not sure with Intelliv, but there's one tool called Product. Product Pinion. How do they browse when they take a look at your Amazon listing? The title first and then the images probably then reviews. That's how it goes. Yeah. So images, they are the most important ones. Okay. Now, so I'm not reading these. I have included.

Speaker B: So just tell me about the title though.

Speaker A: Okay?

Speaker B: Oh, and so just tell me about the title though. So tell me. Yeah, just tell me about the title.

Speaker A: Yeah, how we are trying to. I'm trying to position the product. It's a. I told you two important things, right? One is Healthy Variety and Tasty. These are the three things I wanted to keep. And that's what you will see. It's Healthy Variety Snack Pack. And then I wanted to. Okay, so this is something that you have to experiment, experiment with. This is, let's say this is the first version of the title. I wanted to keep this again to again as a RTB for healthy and again protein, reach and all these things. Then I'm talking about the test. Let me know if these adjectives are okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, so yeah, these are, these are all good. Yeah, these are, these are all good. I think my only question was because I noticed we kind of do the, we say healthy and then the roasted. Never fried even before the protein. But I guess that's because healthy snacks scored highest. So you're kind of playing on the low calorie and then into protein. So yeah, yeah, it's all there.

Speaker A: I, I just think that if we, if we say this is a protein snack, our RTP is not that strong. If you compare the amount of protein that we have in each bag, it's just three to four grams per serving. Of course if you increase the pack, the size, serving size, then it will improve. But if you compare this with edamame, then it will be like 12 gram, 14 gram in that. Something in that range. And if you say protein snack, then you're comparing yourself with protein bars, for example, that can compete with it given the amount of protein us. I don't think we are a protein snack. It has protein but cannot say it's a protein snack. That's how I, I'm thinking.

Speaker B: Yeah, perfect. Yeah. Okay, perfect.

Speaker A: Now the back end keywords and we have the images. So I'll just go to this link and then show you the images.

Speaker B: Okay. Yes, the images. And so just question while you're pulling that up on the images. And so just question while you're pulling that up on the images because. So this will be Brittany and our designer executing on this. And this might be a stupid question and Brittany might already know the answer, but the resolution and the sizes of the images required, is that stated in

Speaker A: the back end of Amazon for listing images? No, no, it's not, but it should be at least, they recommend at least thousand by thousand. Let's do it a little bit bigger. Maybe 1500 by 1500 pixels. And also this is something people also experiment with. For example, we are not proposing square size right now. Some say that. What about the traffic on phone? Then they go with 16 is to 9 ratio and then see that performs better. So whole lot of tests. Anyway, for now we are going to go with square ones.

Speaker B: Okay. With squares. Yes, goes with squares. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: All right. So the main image is going to be the most important one. This is our ad creative, right? I mean if you compare with Meta, then this is our creative. And I love what this brand has done. The only bean in the US they are selling beans. And I mean I wish I could show how it looks in the search result. You can read these. This really stands out when you search, this is the only thing. And these, these are the two things that you can read even from the search result, even if you're clicking on any product. And I love that thing about this one. So what can we do right now? We cannot change packaging immediately. And also you are working on your packaging design, I believe, your brand positioning and all those things. So there. It's not just Amazon. We have to. We have a lot of. A lot of other things to consider. Now for one option that I was thinking if we could include a healthy roasted crunch on the. Not on the packaging, because that may cause some trouble. But I found this example. This is again against Amazon's policies, but still you can try and see if it gets accepted. We can add a strip like this said it looks like it's almost part of the product and then highlight this in a high. Like, it has to be high contrast so that it's easily easy to read. Like high putting, snagging rate. That would be.

Speaker B: Yeah, you're almost saying just take. Right. So, yeah, you're almost saying just take the. Take the pack and put like a banner underneath. Like make it part of the image. That's our designer can do that for sure. So this is an example where you're saying the pack would sit above it and then there's like a banner.

Speaker A: Yeah. Or above the back.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, More about the back. Okay, yeah. And then you want. And you're saying. So just so that I understand your brief, go up just once more. So, yeah, you're saying it would say healthy roasted crunch.

Speaker A: No, no. Versus I said that just like high protein snack on this pack. That's. I'm just giving an example.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay. Yeah, okay. So but if you. But okay, yeah. And so, but if you. But in the image, do you want it to say healthy roasted.

Speaker A: I want to say this.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, the first one. Yeah, yeah. Okay, the first one. Okay, okay, Yeah, I get what you're saying.

Speaker A: And this is something that contradicts with what Susie said.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And this is about packaging redesign. So I don't think we can do it right now, but we can run the AB testing and see how the result is.

Speaker B: Okay, that's interesting. So, yes, tell me about your. Okay, that's interesting. So yes, tell me about your. So you're saying replace snacks to go roasted chickpeas with roasted chickpeas, fava and lentils. If you were to redesign. Sorry, this is not the. But you're saying if you were to redesign, instead of saying protein packed snacks to go you would say roasted chickpeas, favas and lentils.

Speaker A: Yes. This is just a taste by the. We are not changing the packaging. Even if we do, we'll run the AB test first and see how the result is. If we. If it is something reliable, then we can consider. That's what I'm proposing.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: And then what is the Healthy Snack? Right. Okay. And then what is the Healthy Snack? Right. Oh, is Healthy Snack ready on the top? Right.

Speaker A: So what I mean by that is. Let me pull up our listing first.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So I was. Okay, we don't have. Have that here. I'm sorry, one second. So I was thinking maybe somewhere here we can.

Speaker B: Yeah, I see. Okay.

Speaker A: Can say that the Healthy Snack variety. And I was just assuming that it will be implied from the packaging that it says snack to go pack because of the packs. But Susie also has a point. All I'm proposing is this is something we should test. And we can also change the aspects, the things that we're testing here. We can also. Yeah, I'm open to that, basically.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So. And just because I. If I were to. Okay, so. And just. So, because I. If I were to go, you know, because I have to update Brittany because she's off, and I would. I want her to start getting these images and stuff ready right away. Um, because just in your brief here, how it is, is the top is like do this, but then these. Or run a B testings. These are more like. Oh, and we could try this. Like she doesn't have to go do anything.

Speaker A: Well, this is also.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay.

Speaker A: Will not do anything without testing. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Oh, I see. Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: All right. So that's the main image. And the second image is going to talk about the Healthy Snack rtps and also variety. Because the second image, I believe, is the most important one after the main image and title in the entire list. So I was, I was. I'm suggesting that we include icons of these. I mean, the protein count, fiber count, it's low calorie, it's 50 to 60 calorie and gluten free and low saturated fat. All these things like this. And this is just. Oh, even before I discuss this, actually I missed one point. I'm sorry. This is what I need to talk about. So I gave you two examples and I was thinking if we could do all these images with a consistent color theme, like these two products, that would look quite good. This one and this one specifically.

Speaker B: They just have a yellow background.

Speaker A: Yeah. They will follow the same theme even in the A plus content. But look at them. I just think that they look very good. Of course it has to go with what we want to do with our brand too. Yeah. Okay, so let's now talk about the image 2. Here we are also going to show the three options that we are offering and how many packs we are offering. So I said that maybe we can remove these 30 packs total and instead we can write 10 packs. 10 packs. 10 packs for the three flavors that we are offering. Or we could do this, something similar to this where we're just going to show the products inside. And if we do these, then many of the things are going to be replaced. For example, the package had roasted. So I would want to add roasted, never fried. And I can't also made in Canada, because here you get to see made in Canada.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Now the third one is about the on the go convenience. And what you will see here is this. These are exactly the same as the bullet points because images are even more important than the bullet points. I'm mentioning all of these things for in the images focusing on one topic at a time. So one will. The third one will be on on the go convenience. And the fourth one is clean and the clean snack and quality of it. And I like these on the packaging. I think we should take this opportunity to tell the story. And the fourth image, fifth one would be. It's kid friendly. That's the topic. And we can keep the sixth image. This nutrition facts table. We already have that. We can just keep it in the sixth position.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Yeah, I can get Brittany's back. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I can get Britney's back. She's back on Thursday. So I'm gonna get her to kick this off immediately. And then once she kind of comes up with some creative, she'll pass it to you what she's for some guidance. But yeah, hopefully it doesn't take her longer than. Okay, you know, maybe end of next week she can have something.

Speaker A: Okay. Susie had to go. I didn't even notice that.

Speaker B: Yeah, so then so and so basically. Yeah, so then so and so basically in your slides there show home because the other day you also had so the template you have there for the images. Then you also have one for the copy or do we just out of your slides. How do you. So just tell me a bit about the process. So now that we're aligned on the copy, we're aligned on the images, we have to get creating them. Do you wait for both of them to be done before going into the page? And just updating all that content is.

Speaker A: Okay, then we'll just update that there.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay. And so in terms of the copy and the writing, Britney does that. Okay, and so in terms of the copy and the writing, Britney does that. What about for like the copy like your bullets there, the bullet points for the images. What about for like the copy like your bullets there? Already updated them.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Oh, you already updated.

Speaker A: No, I didn't update them. You are asking me about the Amazon page. They are asking.

Speaker B: Okay, updating the page. Yeah, no, I'm asking about updating the page. So the copy is written and we're saying, hey, I totally agree with it. I don't see any flags. I think it's all there positioning wise. So now the copy is written. Is it the understanding that Brittany goes in and does that and should she just do that even before the images are ready? Okay, and then my second question there is so when you go do that. Okay, and then my second question there is so when you go do that, is there any review that has to happen with Amazon before it publishes? Like is there any disruption or it just updates? So because yeah, Britney's not like if this is, this copy could just help right away. Okay. So cuz yeah, Britney's not like if this is something we feel that this copy could just help right away. Like yeah, if you want to go on and just do it, that's great.

Speaker A: And then.

Speaker B: But the images probably won't be done until next.

Speaker A: Start with the main image. That's the most important one. And then the second.

Speaker B: Yeah, I could probably use this in addition. Brief. Brief. I'll center our page and then your recommendations. Yeah, I could probably use this in addition the brief. I'll center our page and then your recommendations and get the designer started so that Brittany can just take it from there. Okay, so next steps. Okay, so I'm just. Sorry, I'm just making notes here. So show home is going to update the product page. Bullets, basically. Is that a plus content? What do you call that? Is that the kickoff design? Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry.

Speaker B: Okay, there are some design, kickoff design,

Speaker A: what we discussed right now. Yeah, yeah, yeah,

Speaker B: yeah. That's the stuff at the bottom, right?

Speaker A: Yeah. For the images, by the way.

Speaker B: I'm just going to call it the listing bullets.

Speaker A: Any of the structure and what we need to include in some cases also the copy. But we need to play around with that because even there we need to make sure that it's schema. If just someone takes a look at it for one second, they can understand what it's about because that's what people do.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And that link that you shared that shows your like suggestion for images and examples and that link that you shared that shows your like suggestion for images and examples. I can just share that link anywhere or do you have like a download that you prefer Terms. So and then in terms of search terms. So again, no flags on any of those words. I think they're all there. I think we have the right competitors that you're looking at and the right information. So next steps on that because basically now you have to look at the budget and the terms and how that all kind of.

Speaker A: Yes, they're going to be.

Speaker B: Because some of those are going to be more expensive than others, right?

Speaker A: Well, it's better in Canada than the U.S. yeah. And I think that it will. It depends but I think we'll do well for healthy related snacks, particularly the French one. For healthy snacks and for protein snacks. No, will not. Because I reviewed the. I am getting this data from the search query performance report and compare the click through rate. Click through it is with the top 10 competitors for each important keywords. For healthy related snacks, we are still. We still rank lower. Okay, so let's say out of 10 we are. If you compare the click through rates, they're probably in the lower two or three. I am still hopeful for some reason for the healthy one one it's better for the French one. We are on the top end. So we are probably a third when it comes to, I mean third highest click through rate for the French keyword. So let's see. We need to do that experiment. We never ran any ads for healthy snack related keywords. There's no data on those in the search term report. So let's see how it works out.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. And then that's my other question too. Just in terms of your takeover, I guess. Yeah. Okay. And then that's my other question too, just in terms of your takeover. I guess in like running the budget there we just kind of have to like I know the contract like for March 1st, but are you able to. Do I have to kind of just tell my agent what is like hey, February 28th, your hands off and I have somebody else in there or are you able to just start in the back?

Speaker A: What are they doing right now? Just ads.

Speaker B: Yeah, just ads. Pardon me? Very minimal. They're probably touching it. Very minimal right now. Yeah, just ads and probably. And very minimal. They're probably touching it. Very minimal right now. Because we're in transistor transition month.

Speaker A: So I mean, yeah, I can just let me know one week ahead. It's going to be March 1st, right. So you can prepare.

Speaker B: So you're saying. So yeah, you're kind of saying, hey, you'll take over the week of February 24th. Yeah. Okay. So you're saying. So yeah, you're kind of saying, hey, you'll take over the week of February 24th. Time to like. Is that what you're saying?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I'm saying let's say they

Speaker B: say one week ahead or one day

Speaker A: ahead first, so let me know just one week ahead of that. So 22nd February, so that we can align internally in the team, you know, and we can be ready the day we take it over. We can do something.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay. Okay. Yeah. Then you can just get in it and just start.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: And you're not feeling like you have to wait till this. Yeah, okay. Because then. Yeah, then you can just get in it and just start. Right. And you're not feeling like you have to wait till this. Okay, so I just making that note. So okay, you're going to update the product page with the listing page. I'll, I'll kick off the design and pass that back to Britney when she's back. End of week, you'll officially take over February 22. Ish on that. So that I can notify the people. Second. And then there was one other question I had here. What was it? Oh, actually, so then I wanted to talk to you too. So just obviously the tariff discussion for the US So right now basically our average budget of what we're spending is like eleven hundred dollars in the US and about the same in Canada. It's like even, even split because in the contract to in March, Your suggestion is $2,500 to Canada. So with the tariff in the U.S. i don't. What is your opinion on pulling down and out. Not out completely, but significantly pulling budget down in the US

Speaker A: how much do you think? How. We need to review the numbers. Right. So how is it affecting the costs first of all? And how does that affect our breakeven margin for first of all, then we can probably say that, look, based on our breakeven margin right now after tariff, that didn't happen yet. Hopefully it will not.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well and hopefully if it does, it's just short term. So that's why I wouldn't want to shut it off completely. Yeah, well, and hopefully if it does, it's just short term. So that's why I wouldn't want to Shut it off completely. We need to leave something. Right. But 25, like that's significant. There's I, I don't know any companies out there that are making 25 or more on their freaking E commerce business if they're fulfilling variety packs and stuff. Right. So I don't know what other conversations have you had with your other companies about it? Well, yeah, but basically anything so because we're the fsvp, right? Well, yeah, but basically anything so because we're the FSVP, right. So yeah, I don't really. So because it's 25 on the goods going in, we'll have to, we'll probably have to just do a price increase. Yeah, but like whatever that threshold is, I'll have to talk in part of my meeting discussion this week. So. But what I'm sort of thinking is

Speaker A: yes, let's see how that we probably

Speaker B: will budget to canada less to.com to. So show home you were going to maybe just kick off a ticket with Amazon, start that discussion about the snacks to go in the. Yeah. So which speaks to show home you were going to maybe just kick off a ticket with Amazon, start that discussion about the snacks in the US to validate if that's the issue. Did you want to kick that off?

Speaker A: And can you see me by the.

Speaker B: I guess if that's what you call it.

Speaker A: Pardon me, can you still see me?

Speaker B: Okay, yeah, you cut out there for a second, but I can still see you.

Speaker A: Something's wrong with this.

Speaker B: Pardon me,

Speaker A: I cannot see you.

Speaker B: Yeah, you cut out there for a second. I can still see you. Okay, you can't see me. We're almost done here. Okay, that's fine. So I just want the next step. So us snacks, you'll kick off with that. And then I'll have a budget discussion, tariff impact and budget discussion with my team today because I will also. And then I know we were going to have that conversation about the skew skus today, so I was just going to pull this up, but maybe I'll just send an email and we'll have that discussion on our next along with what we need to do with this tariff. Why is my notes doing it? So okay. Yeah, because that might affect how much we rationalize in the US as well. Another touch point next week. Yeah. Okay, so you're good on next steps. And then I guess maybe we'll have another touch point next week. I'll see how far I can get this design going and stuff. And then that discussion next week will be about the that discussion next week will be. Oh, yeah, so that was the other question in terms of just reporting and KPIs.

Speaker A: So what do we like.

Speaker B: Do you have a scorecard right now that you work with your other brands? How do you report?

Speaker A: Let me refresh. Sorry. The reporting that I provide is very basic. It's mostly about the bi weekly sales and the ad spend and a few other things like click through rate CPC and that. All those stuff. That's what I provide to most of my clients now for in some cases where the engagement is. I mean, where it's very engaging. For example, no Sugar company. Yeah, I. The analysis goes much more in depth there. We take a look at it at all of their expenses, not only at the product level, but also at the. Sorry. Not only at the account level, but also at the product level. Try to understand which ones we need to improve.

Speaker B: Groove.

Speaker A: Yeah, there are those reportings too.

Speaker B: Okay, Are you able to just send me an example or a snapshot of what a basic bi weekly sales report looks like?

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker B: Okay. Are you able to just send me an example or a snapshot of what a basic bi weekly sales report? Like, you know, one or two things we want you to. Yeah. And then. Because then again, I can bring this into my discussion I'm having this week about just all sales strategies and maybe if there's, you know, one or two things we want you to add to it for us, then we could have that conversation. Sorry, you cut out. I didn't hear what you said.

Speaker A: Oh, I was. I was saying I think I have too many tabs open anyway. Yeah, I was saying. Good. So if you. If it is convenient, I can keep on adding to that.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, we can. Maybe I'm just. It could be simplified a little bit. But really what we're looking at is like, yeah, the month of the metrics of roas and all of that. And then sometimes what we like to see. Okay. Yeah, we could maybe I'm. It could be simplified a little bit. But really what we're looking at is like, yeah, the month over month revenues, all the metrics of roas and all of that. And then sometimes what we like to see is per Asin, the trends broken out. So especially because we'll be launching new ones, discontinuing other ones. Okay, well, if you just send me just your snapshot looks like. And we can take a look at simplifying ours too.

Speaker A: Okay,

Speaker B: perfect.

Speaker C: All right.

Speaker B: I'll be in touch about a meeting next week, but we can go forward on these next steps.

Speaker A: All right, before you go.

Speaker B: Yes, go right ahead. Yeah, I don't know. What? Yeah, if it doesn't disrupt anything and you don't have to wait for the images, I guess.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Why not just do it, right? Yeah. Okay, perfect. Okay, chat soon.

Speaker A: Okay. All right, I'll practice.

Speaker B: Okay, chat soon.

Speaker A: Yes. Bye now,

Speaker B: Elisha. Yeah, yeah, okay, chat soon. Have a great day. Bye. Bye.

