Transcript for: Recording__11 (3).mp4
Title: Recording #113
============================================================

Have it already filtered to what I use. But basically this is like the standard report. And then I just filtered it to Amazon. I think because you're under my account, it might stay filtered to this, but if not, you just click these three dots and you can filter whatever column you need to. So this is the. I think it's the purchase name or something. So I just filter. It's equal to Amazon and then only the Amazon ones come up. Technically it doesn't matter. Like you can just pull the full report if you want to and it will pull out the. Because it searches for the PO numbers. I just find it's easier for me to view to make sure that those are the ones that shipped. So normally I do today just because I'll close them at the end of the day, the same day I uploaded them. But because these are yesterday's, we're just going to sort to yesterday and then they should pop up. Yeah. So I just find it easier to view because then at the end of the day I can see that these all shipped because until they have a tracking number, they haven't actually shipped. So there's anything wrong, I can go in and I'll just email Ottawa and ask why it hasn't shipped. Usually it would be due to like the address is incomplete, which then you would just reach out to customer service and they'll get that for you. Or if they're out of stock of something, then obviously that's the bigger issue. You have to involve Jelka and Sean and figure that out. Usually there's no problem. So then all I do is I go to Options and then I just export this. Okay. It just looks like this. And then I will send you this file. I just have it saved on my desktop. Second, the file is called Flat file Shipping Confirm ca. Okay, so it's just, it's the one called Flat file, that's how I know it. But basically you'll just open this report and then on the first tab you're just going to clear it. Okay. This will clear everything. So now you have a brand new report ready to go. So on the tab that says Paste Ottawa Report, you're literally going to take this report that you pulled from Ottawa and you're going to paste it super straightforward. Johan made these really easy to use, which is nice. So paste that and then we don't need that anymore. And then you're going to want to paste the order report from yesterday. So that's just why I date them, so that I know which one I need to Close. So right now I'm going to look for the One that's dated 07.18, which is this one. And then you're just going to copy this and paste it just like that. And then you're gonna go back to the shipping confirmation tab and then you're just gonna click process. This will take a minute, especially if there's a lot of orders. It could take like maybe two minutes. It's not, it's not long by any means, but, um, it just takes a minute. Yeah, Just don't click anywhere else on the Excel while this is loading or else it will freeze and then you have to restart it. So I always let do its thing. Yeah, super simple. And then we're just going to paste it onto another file that we can upload to Amazon. So like I said, I'll send you all of these files and I'll send you the step by step from Stephanie that she made before. Right, she left on that leave. Yeah, it's super easy. And then, I mean, we can always do it together tomorrow too, if you want to. Like, if you want to try it. And then I'll watch you do it and then we can do it that way. Okay. Yeah. Easier for you. Or if you feel confident in it, you can totally do it. Whatever works. But yeah, all in all, it probably takes no more than 10 minutes of my morning. It's. It's super simple. Okay, great. Yeah. And like I said, you can as long as you confirm by the date that Amazon says you have to confirm it by, you can confirm them same day, or like we're doing today, the morning after, it doesn't matter. So whatever works for you. So I have a question. So what will happen if we don't close it in the, like, date mentioned? Like, what will happen if we don't close it? It won't cancel it, I think, until it's like a week or something without being closed. But basically it affects our late shipment rate, which if it's too high, they can deactivate our Amazon account. Yeah, yeah, yeah, got it. Okay, so the second there's like any late orders, Jel will flag it with you and ask why? So. So it's easier to stay on top of it. And then we'd have to miss a lot of orders for it to, like, really impact our shipping rate. But I mean, like, if you only have, what is it, six, five to close, then you probably only have roughly five the next day. Right? So then all of a sudden your late shipment report or late shipment rate is at 50%. So that's the thing is it only takes one or a couple to make it like jump pretty high. Which is why Jacob will be like, why is the our late shipping average at like 25%? And you're like, oh, I only missed closing one order. Right. So yeah, so just easier to close it. So it's super simple, but it's also very important. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, it's super easy to do. But yeah, it is important and that's why I just make sure I do it. Like for me, I do it in the morning, I upload and then before my end of day I close them. But however works for you. If it's easier to do it all at once, then I would upload in the morning and close yesterday's that same morning. As long as you upload to Ottawa, ideally before 11. Yeah, that's. Yeah. Okay, so then this is done. So I we have another form, it's called Amazon Shipping Confirm Template, which is this one and this is yesterday's. So we can just delete all that. So then you're just gonna paste the results onto it. So just like that. And then I just save it so that I have it. But theoretically you don't need to. You just need to save it as a text tab delimited, which is what Amazon needs. Then you save that and then you're going to go into. No, sure, Company Canada it's called. I just have it tabbed here. But it's upload order related files. So it's under orders. Okay, we can, we can flag that if you want to tailor tomorrow I can show you where it is and we can tab it. And then you're just going to go. Because this is the file we just did. So we don't need to prepare it. We already did that. And then so you're just going to upload it. So you're going to choose the file and it's this one Amazon Shipping Confirm Template and then today's date and then you're just going to click upload now. And then you're just going to want to wait until it shows like status done. And then it will show you if anything had errors. I haven't had an error in a while. Actually. Once I had an error that I think the only time I've had an error was because someone canceled an order in Amazon. I forgot if it was like Zelco or show him without telling me to cancel it at Ottawa. So we shipped it. So then Amazon. The error was that that order didn't Exist that I was trying to, which is. It's fine. But that's really the only error that I ever get. But I always just make sure that it shows that they were all processed successfully. So you just keep refreshing it. I usually either click refresh a lot until it shows me, or I'll just come back to this later. Whatever works for you. Come on. There's like five of them, but yeah, so that's. It's super straightforward. That's how you confirm them and then I'll show you. I just double check on the order page. Oh my goodness. I just double check on the order page to make sure that nothing shows shipped by today. That's the only thing just to make sure. Okay. Oh my goodness. Okay, well we can come back to that then. To upload today's. It's the same thing as yesterday. So order reports gonna go to new orders. We'll make sure that you have this report. I go to new orders and then it's just the next one. So I download that and then I save it. And again, just make sure you save it so that you have it for confirming them. Yep. And then we need delete. Then we need the file that's called Amazon Order Upload Ottawa template Co. So this is the yesterday orders you are processing now or. So this is. This is yesterday's orders. I'm uploading them to our warehouse to fulfill them today. Okay, so this is the same thing we did yesterday how we just upload the orders in the morning. So this is what you have to do before 11:00am Is this file. So you just download yesterday's report. It'll always be the newest one, except for over the weekend. Just because there'll be three days worth, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. But I mean like they, they're numbered sequentially. So like if you're ever unsure, if you go back to like, I just keep these all in a folder. So I can see that like the most recent one I had done if ignoring this one was 55 6. So then you know, the next one have to do is 557. Okay. The batch ID also same. Well, I mean the. Okay, yeah. So it's the batch id. That's what it. The name it gives it when it downloads it too, which is super helpful. So this way it's always in your files as like 5-57-556555. This way you know what you have to do. So like this one, this was over the weekend, so I had to do 53, 54 and 55. So I dated them all as the 17th, which was the Monday. And I just labeled them 1, 2 and 3. This way I knew. But. Okay, so I'm assuming that's done now. And then you go to this page and then you just click update report and there you go. That was really fast today. Just like that. And then export to text file because you have to upload a text file to Ottawa. So now that's in the current folder. And then I just like to save this just in case anything happens. It's easier for me to go back to this. But again you don't need to save every single time if you don't want to. And then so we're going to Ottawa and you're going to go to orders and then import orders. Select those two of the only options. And then this file, the order import template, you're going to open that and then. Yeah, that's when you know you're good to go. Import completed successfully. If you ever miss this, because it does just disappear after like 10 seconds or something, you can just click up here to see and it will tell you it was completed. If there's an error, it'll also tell you here, it'll show that it wasn't completed. And then if you, I think you can like click it and it will give you a reason. But if that ever happens, we can go through it together and figure out what the reason is. Okay. Mm. Okay, so let's go see if this has finished yet. I sure hope it has. Yeah. Okay, so there you go. So status done. Five were uploaded, five were activated. So we're good. So then the only other thing that I do is I just go to manage orders, I sort to ca, and then I just double check that nothing's do today because that would be a red flag with either you or Ottawa. Like why hasn't an order been confirmed? Like was it not uploaded? What happened? So sometimes because I think their cutoff is technically like a different time zone. So occasionally it'll be like an order that was placed maybe at like 12:30 in the morning. So then it technically it's lumped with their yesterday orders. But then we wouldn't upload it until the, the next day after, if that makes sense. So occasionally that will happen. But like today they all show ship by tomorrow. Okay, so because they're sorted oldest to newest. Okay. Yeah, so they're all July 20th, that's good. So the ones we just uploaded and that's it. So then you'd be done for the morning okay. Yeah, not too bad. I'll send you all the files and then. Are you free at 10am again tomorrow? We can just do it together. I can watch you do it. Yep. Okay. Okay, cool. So I'll send over all the files and then I'll send over teams invite as well. Great. Thank you so much. Okay, awesome. Have a good day. Bye. Take care. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Have it already filtered to what I use. But basically this is like the standard report. And then I just filtered it to Amazon. I think because you're under my account, it might stay filtered to this, but if not, you just click these three dots and you can filter whatever column you need to. So this is the. I think it's the purchase name or something. So I just filter. It's equal to Amazon and then only the Amazon ones come up. Technically it doesn't matter. Like you can just pull the full report if you want to and it will pull out the. Because it searches for the PO numbers. I just find it's easier for me to view to make sure that those are the ones that shipped. So normally I do today just because I'll close them at the end of the day, the same day I uploaded them. But because these are yesterday's, we're just going to sort to yesterday and then they should pop up. Yeah. So I just find it easier to view because then at the end of the day I can see that these all shipped because until they have a tracking number, they haven't actually shipped. So there's anything wrong, I can go in and I'll just email Ottawa and ask why it hasn't shipped. Usually it would be due to like the address is incomplete, which then you would just reach out to customer service and they'll get that for you. Or if they're out of stock of something, then obviously that's the bigger issue. You have to involve Jelka and Sean and figure that out. Usually there's no problem. So then all I do is I go to Options and then I just export this.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: It just looks like this. And then I will send you this file. I just have it saved on my desktop. Second, the file is called Flat file Shipping Confirm ca. Okay, so it's just, it's the one called Flat file, that's how I know it. But basically you'll just open this report and then on the first tab you're just going to clear it.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: This will clear everything. So now you have a brand new report ready to go. So on the tab that says Paste Ottawa Report, you're literally going to take this report that you pulled from Ottawa and you're going to paste it super straightforward. Johan made these really easy to use, which is nice. So paste that and then we don't need that anymore. And then you're going to want to paste the order report from yesterday. So that's just why I date them, so that I know which one I need to Close. So right now I'm going to look for the One that's dated 07.18, which is this one. And then you're just going to copy this and paste it just like that. And then you're gonna go back to the shipping confirmation tab and then you're just gonna click process. This will take a minute, especially if there's a lot of orders. It could take like maybe two minutes. It's not, it's not long by any means, but, um, it just takes a minute. Yeah, Just don't click anywhere else on the Excel while this is loading or else it will freeze and then you have to restart it. So I always let do its thing. Yeah, super simple. And then we're just going to paste it onto another file that we can upload to Amazon. So like I said, I'll send you all of these files and I'll send you the step by step from Stephanie that she made before. Right, she left on that leave. Yeah, it's super easy. And then, I mean, we can always do it together tomorrow too, if you want to. Like, if you want to try it. And then I'll watch you do it and then we can do it that way.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: Easier for you. Or if you feel confident in it, you can totally do it. Whatever works. But yeah, all in all, it probably takes no more than 10 minutes of my morning. It's. It's super simple.

Speaker B: Okay, great.

Speaker A: Yeah. And like I said, you can as long as you confirm by the date that Amazon says you have to confirm it by, you can confirm them same day, or like we're doing today, the morning after, it doesn't matter.

Speaker B: So whatever works for you. So I have a question. So what will happen if we don't close it in the, like, date mentioned?

Speaker A: Like, what will happen if we don't close it? It won't cancel it, I think, until it's like a week or something without being closed. But basically it affects our late shipment rate, which if it's too high, they can deactivate our Amazon account.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, got it.

Speaker A: Okay, so the second there's like any late orders, Jel will flag it with you and ask why? So. So it's easier to stay on top of it. And then we'd have to miss a lot of orders for it to, like, really impact our shipping rate. But I mean, like, if you only have, what is it, six, five to close, then you probably only have roughly five the next day. Right? So then all of a sudden your late shipment report or late shipment rate is at 50%. So that's the thing is it only takes one or a couple to make it like jump pretty high. Which is why Jacob will be like, why is the our late shipping average at like 25%? And you're like, oh, I only missed closing one order. Right. So yeah, so just easier to close it.

Speaker B: So it's super simple, but it's also very important.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Yeah, it's super easy to do. But yeah, it is important and that's why I just make sure I do it. Like for me, I do it in the morning, I upload and then before my end of day I close them. But however works for you. If it's easier to do it all at once, then I would upload in the morning and close yesterday's that same morning. As long as you upload to Ottawa, ideally before 11.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, so then this is done. So I we have another form, it's called Amazon Shipping Confirm Template, which is this one and this is yesterday's. So we can just delete all that. So then you're just gonna paste the results onto it. So just like that. And then I just save it so that I have it. But theoretically you don't need to. You just need to save it as a text tab delimited, which is what Amazon needs. Then you save that and then you're going to go into. No, sure, Company Canada it's called. I just have it tabbed here. But it's upload order related files. So it's under orders.

Speaker B: Okay,

Speaker A: we can, we can flag that if you want to tailor tomorrow I can show you where it is and we can tab it. And then you're just going to go. Because this is the file we just did. So we don't need to prepare it. We already did that. And then so you're just going to upload it. So you're going to choose the file and it's this one Amazon Shipping Confirm Template and then today's date and then you're just going to click upload now. And then you're just going to want to wait until it shows like status done. And then it will show you if anything had errors. I haven't had an error in a while. Actually. Once I had an error that I think the only time I've had an error was because someone canceled an order in Amazon. I forgot if it was like Zelco or show him without telling me to cancel it at Ottawa. So we shipped it. So then Amazon. The error was that that order didn't Exist that I was trying to, which is. It's fine. But that's really the only error that I ever get. But I always just make sure that it shows that they were all processed successfully. So you just keep refreshing it. I usually either click refresh a lot until it shows me, or I'll just come back to this later. Whatever works for you.

Speaker B: Come on.

Speaker A: There's like five of them, but yeah, so that's. It's super straightforward. That's how you confirm them and then I'll show you. I just double check on the order page. Oh my goodness. I just double check on the order page to make sure that nothing shows shipped by today.

Speaker B: That's the only thing just to make sure. Okay. Oh my goodness.

Speaker A: Okay, well we can come back to that then. To upload today's. It's the same thing as yesterday. So order reports gonna go to new orders. We'll make sure that you have this report. I go to new orders and then it's just the next one. So I download that and then I save it. And again, just make sure you save it so that you have it for confirming them.

Speaker B: Yep. And then we need delete.

Speaker A: Then we need the file that's called Amazon Order Upload Ottawa template

Speaker B: Co. So this is the yesterday orders you are processing now or.

Speaker A: So this is. This is yesterday's orders. I'm uploading them to our warehouse to fulfill them today. Okay, so this is the same thing we did yesterday how we just upload the orders in the morning. So this is what you have to do before 11:00am Is this file. So you just download yesterday's report. It'll always be the newest one, except for over the weekend. Just because there'll be three days worth, right?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: But I mean like they, they're numbered sequentially. So like if you're ever unsure, if you go back to like, I just keep these all in a folder. So I can see that like the most recent one I had done if ignoring this one was 55 6. So then you know, the next one have to do is 557.

Speaker B: Okay. The batch ID also same. Well, I mean the. Okay, yeah.

Speaker A: So it's the batch id. That's what it. The name it gives it when it downloads it too, which is super helpful. So this way it's always in your files as like 5-57-556555. This way you know what you have to do. So like this one, this was over the weekend, so I had to do 53, 54 and 55. So I dated them all as the 17th, which was the Monday. And I just labeled them 1, 2 and 3. This way I knew. But. Okay, so I'm assuming that's done now. And then you go to this page and then you just click update report and there you go. That was really fast today. Just like that. And then export to text file because you have to upload a text file to Ottawa. So now that's in the current folder. And then I just like to save this just in case anything happens. It's easier for me to go back to this. But again you don't need to save every single time if you don't want to. And then so we're going to Ottawa and you're going to go to orders and then import orders. Select those two of the only options. And then this file, the order import template, you're going to open that and then. Yeah, that's when you know you're good to go. Import completed successfully. If you ever miss this, because it does just disappear after like 10 seconds or something, you can just click up here to see and it will tell you it was completed. If there's an error, it'll also tell you here, it'll show that it wasn't completed. And then if you, I think you can like click it and it will give you a reason. But if that ever happens, we can go through it together and figure out what the reason is.

Speaker B: Okay. Mm.

Speaker A: Okay, so let's go see if this has finished yet. I sure hope it has. Yeah. Okay, so there you go. So status done. Five were uploaded, five were activated. So we're good. So then the only other thing that I do is I just go to manage orders, I sort to ca, and then I just double check that nothing's do today because that would be a red flag with either you or Ottawa. Like why hasn't an order been confirmed? Like was it not uploaded? What happened? So sometimes because I think their cutoff is technically like a different time zone. So occasionally it'll be like an order that was placed maybe at like 12:30 in the morning. So then it technically it's lumped with their yesterday orders. But then we wouldn't upload it until the, the next day after, if that makes sense. So occasionally that will happen. But like today they all show ship by tomorrow. Okay, so because they're sorted oldest to newest.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, so they're all July 20th, that's good. So the ones we just uploaded and that's it. So then you'd be done for the morning okay. Yeah, not too bad. I'll send you all the files and then. Are you free at 10am again tomorrow? We can just do it together. I can watch you do it.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay, cool. So I'll send over all the files and then I'll send over teams invite as well.

Speaker B: Great. Thank you so much.

Speaker A: Okay, awesome. Have a good day.

Speaker B: Bye.

Speaker A: Take care.

Speaker B: Bye.

