Transcript for: Recording__935.mp4
Title: Recording #935
============================================================

Mm, okay. That's not. That's fine. Okay, so you're missing a title. So let's get new titles here. And you should have some sort of visual. So we kind of need some visual. A little bit. Like this is good. So this page is a little bit. Okay. Are you process. So what's this? It's the operational aspect. We're talking about the operational aspect here. Demand forecasting to inventory planning, even third party seller management, for example, or listing separation and case management. So what's in it for? So we take operations off your hands. Right. So you manage the operations. Is that true? If, if they want me to. It's not always something that we do. If they need that help, then we can do that option. Okay, so let's go with the flow. So our best clients are looking to scale. So here I should mention the clients I have worked with. Well, wait, so we'll just do. So One sec. So, yeah, because it should follow like. So we'll follow. Yeah, we can put your clients here. Like the clients are down here, but we can put the clients as number two. So here we can put. Let's put. So let's put, you know, over 50 plus happy clients. So here you need to get. So let's do. So it's kind of like you're selling, right? Like you're, you're in, you're doing a pitch and you're meeting someone new. So you kind of. The flow has to go exactly how you would sell it, whether you're on TikTok. And there's hundreds of agencies on TikTok. So our best clients. So here what you need to do is just go in and do you know how many like, logos you can do? I can do about 10, I guess. Okay, yeah, yeah. So do 10. And then can you just put their name below it? So put their logo and their name and then can you invent a quote? Can you put the name and can you invent a short quote? Like just make it up. Short quote, like a quote. Yeah. So like I love, you know. Oh, so feedback, basically. Yeah, feedback, yeah. Okay. Yeah, I have a ton of them. So that's one of them. Like just make up a whole bunch of them, you know. Okay, Just, just put a couple of the quotes like below the logo and then just send me. Yeah, so okay, so short quote here. So then, so it's like, hey, our best clients are this. Look, we have a whole bunch of 50 happy clients, then we have a unique process. Okay, so then it's like we have a Unique process. So here you kind of have to do step one because it's a process, so it's always the same. So I don't know, we're not going to need this. So you have a unique process and you have to design it and then you have to show it. So step one. So what are kind of the four steps of your design of your process? So we'll do it here. Sure. So step one, I would say understanding the pricing and the margin dynamics. That's the first step. Yeah. And then based on that, coming up with the strategy. Yep. Then step two is, you know, present align to the best strategy to start. Then step three is to update to. To list. You have to. You have to put all the product stuff in, Right? So list. Exactly. Yeah. All the products. What's it called? You have like the, the keywords. Yeah. SEO copy. Basically writing SEO copy and creating an optimized listing with the imageries and a plus content brand store. That's the third step. Okay, and then what's the step after that? Well, that's basically execution. Whatever strategy we'll decide on, it could be based on the internal traffic, Amazon traffic. It could be solely Amazon ads. That's not a sound strategy anyway. But if they have other sources of external traffic, then how we can leverage all those things along with Amazon ads? That's what we are going to implement in this step. Okay, and then step five is so scorecard. Monitor and learn, right? Yeah. Based on the KPIs, we'll keep on monitoring the performance and try to optimize and see if we are on track to hit the KPIs. If not, we mean before. So basically monitoring and optimizing and trying to hit the KPIs. Okay, so these four steps. So I don't know why this. There's something weird with Word here. That's okay. Don't worry about that. Okay, so. Okay, so let's do this process. So this is this. So we'll. Let's go back to the PowerPoint. So you kind of have to put these four steps here. So you're going to do this like this. And you should probably like do color and so let like you kind of want to make it nice, but I don't want to use up our time to do that. But what you want is like the audience when you're presenting has to be really able to follow. So it's called AV Sync. So whatever you're saying they should see on the screen. So when you're presenting and I'll Give you, like you say the headline and then they see the headline. It's AB Sync. Got it. So this is your pitch. So you really don't say anything other than what's in here. Okay. So ideally you put a little visual in here. So you put like a little Google a little. Or AI do a little picture between each if you can, here. So then there's this. Describe the step. I don't know where this goes. That's kind of. So. So you describe the step. Why is this not. And then you have details around the steps. So let's go back to what we had here. Pricing and margin dynamic. So you basically say analyze pricing and margin dynamic. Right. So you. Then let's just do the steps and then we'll look at how you make it pretty. I don't know why this is so hard. Like, PowerPoint has like templates, but I never kind of figured out a good template. You can try this. I mean, just take a look at the new site that I found. It's called Gamma App. I'll just send you the link. Oh yeah, Gamma. Yeah, yeah, yeah, send me the link. But it's. I think I. I saw it in one of my chat AI things. I think I have an account actually here. I think I did. Like two weeks ago, I was spending a lot of time on this. I opened up an account on Gamma. So, yeah, so I have an account home. But I tried to kind of create a new one. So let me know. Like, I didn't. So here. Where's home templates? If you also uploaded draft, then they will create it based on your instructions. You can also do that. And it's a bit of. Yeah, here, do this one. So I don't want to. But if you want to. Yep. For now we don't need to worry about the design. I'll take care of that part. But yeah, definitely make it look nicer. But you get the idea is so definitely go into Gamma. So this. I mean, there's way too many words. But you get the idea is you. Your PowerPoint has to be like every. Like it has to look way more. Yeah. Like concise and to the point. Yeah. Like it has to look like a real sales deck. So. Okay, so like, we're wasting way too much time with this stuff. But, But definitely if you figure out Gamma, that's good. Okay. So like, there's something odd with your template, so you got to fix this. Like, I don't want to waste your time with this, but sure. Yeah. So here, like everything has to Be like more business. Like is the target price and cost of goods. So it's basically will the target price and cost of goods and percentage spend on Amazon like work, like provide the right, provide the right roas. Like will it work? And then you can help me with my products. Right. I sent you some stuff. We can do a test on my products. But let's finish this first. Sure. So your language has to be kind of. So this would go here. So you have the four steps. You. They should have color. So your step two was. And you should have a little visual in the middle. Strategy. Okay, okay, okay. Wait, wait, wait. No. So this is. Okay. So. Like it has to flow. So let's go here. So here it's review competitors, competitors. So here it's like your Cs, right? Review category, size, SEO keywords and competitors. Like that's your analyze, right? Like that's you first do analysis on the market. Then after you've done analysis, then what did you say here? It's the strategy. Right. So it's strategy proposed. The analysis is actually a bit different, Susie. So we talked about the margin analysis based on Amazon's expenses and all the costs. Right. That's what we wanted to do and create profitable offers. So if that required us to create multi pack or some kind of combination, we would do that. That's what the analysis was about. Okay, what's three? Then it's the listing. Okay, so let's fix this. We're going to fix all this. So I just want to get the big picture of the steps because I'm trying to do it with my brands. Right. So I'm a good test for you. Listings and then traffic and results. Okay. So that's super easy. So just this is just the headlines of the steps so people understand it and then it's results. So okay, so let's. And then we put the details below. So there's verbs. So here often the consultants, they charge like $2,000 just for the listing. Yeah, they do. Yeah. So you have to kind of. We're going to get the pricing next. Okay, so tell me. So this is what I kind of thought step one and step two. So what are you like, what are you proposing here? So one is, I thought you first look at the dynamic and then you understand. You analyze pricing and dynamics. So you review the category and then you review the brand. The brand. This part here, right, this thing here? Yeah, exactly. So here is this. I'll just try to figure out what's happening here. So will the. Then it's the brand of the client will the target price, cost of goods and percentage to spend and percentage marketing. Provide the right roas. So that's kind of step one. And we can do that with my brands. Right? I can show you my hot chocolate and you can, you can say like, okay, let me look at the market and whether it makes sense. So you know, I have like you, you sent me one Excel with your products. Pardon? You, you sent me an Excel last time. Yeah, your products. Yeah, you go kind of like first step is like, okay, Susie, you have a, you know, you have this on the Excel. You have this product and it's $222 per serving. Let me look at the competitor. Okay, well this is ashwagandha and it's $15 for whatever servings. We have to check the servings here. $15 for whatever servings. So we have to check that. This one has no protein. This one is a crap brand. This one is kind of weird, but it's really, really expensive. It's five servings, so $10 per serving. So that's insane. This is $3 per serving. This is 100 baht in the past month. That's not bad. 15 grams plant protein, maybe. It tastes gross. So that's plant. And then there's this, which $3 per serving. Right. So the first step is, the first step is you look at the, the category but you also look at the brand proposal. So I'm like, protein, I have $3 per serving, blah, blah, blah. Let's see then the second step. Yeah, so that's you. And you kind of have an Excel or something on that. You probably have an Excel spreadsheet for that, for the price analysis. I mean. Yeah. Do you have an example? Can you put here, can you put step one, step one, can you put an example like, can you put something that'll show like the charts? Okay, yeah, I can do that. Yeah. Like if you have something like here and it shows, you know, like an example of the analysis and recommendation chart, if you can. So that's step one. So then you get to step two and then you kind of show like you have a five step model and then you just kind of show pretty quickly. Right? Step one, step two. Then you're going to propose the strategy and, and that's going to be. It could involve when you're launching new products, it could involve getting the initial few reviews to. What would be our media strategy? Would it be limited to just Amazon or do we need to coordinate with other external efforts that kind of. And how much our margin, how much will we allocate on ads? All those things. Based on that, what will be our go to strategy? How aggressive can we go with ads? Yep. So where do you kind of propose? So I'll just give you the format, then you should fill it in and let's regroup, either later today or send it to me. But you need to, like, we need to kind of get this. So you propose a strategy. So first you're going to develop the best product offering at the, at the right price. Then you're going to propose how to get. How to get traffic and how to get views. Right. So, so the. Do you put like, is that. Do you have a chart? Like, if I want to put this step two and I want to show this step two to a new client, like, do you have a page you can show? So step one is you're going to do this step two. Hey, now I'm going to, I'm gonna give you a product strategy like, is that in Excel? And then I'm gonna propose like the three ways to get traffic and to get reviews. All. All within the budget, right? All within the budget. Because my Amazon guy, the clear ads from Spain, he's like, oh, you gotta, you know, lose $20,000 in the first three months for a new product. And I'm like, no, I don't want to lose. Right. So you have to agree with the client. What is like the budget? Where do you do the budget? In here. So here. Do you sign off on the budget? Agree to a straw man. So I guess that that's here. Here, the first strategy. Agree to straw man budget. Right. So I can show you what he gave me, really simple, but it's like not there yet. And I haven't signed off on it. And I don't know if it's going to work because that's the other thing is like, I've, I've had these charts several times and the results are not in line with the charts. So that's a problem. So I think it's here. Yeah. So this is his chart. But again, like, Matt, you know, he's not getting paid. He has like a lot of big brands. So I don't know, might move over to you if, if, like, let's see, for my brands, let's, let's first finish what you need. But then this is what he, like, first, he did this. Here are the skews. I did this. Price, price per unit. He just did the span and how much units he wants me to make. So he kind of said, oh, 1012, blah, blah, blah. Then I kind of said, okay, wait. And then he said, oh, we'll get 98, you know, 98, 000 in sales with 10,000 in spin. I'm like, oh, okay, maybe. But then I kind of said, like, let's do it by month. So then he did this. I said, okay, like first I build the product, right? So how much money am I going to spend three months before? Because I got to cut POS, right? So I, I need to order 3,500 units and I need to have like money in the bank. And then month one. So this is just like prior then month one, you're going to sell 550. So we're going to make 10,000 of revenue. We're going to spend 2,000 and marketing. So we're going to net this. And these are my cost of goods. Then I kind of said, well, wait, I want the P and L, right? So how much is the shipping going to cost? Because last time I started getting all these surprises, we were, you know, shipping to Amazon and they were deducting my credit card. So I'm like, I don't want any surprises, right? So my cost of goods are going to sell. To sell 550 units. My cost of goods are $4,000. I'm going to get from my credit card deducted, you know, $800 to ship to Amazon. Then he said there's a pick and pack fee of 450 per sku. Does that make sense to you? I'm not sure what it means, but peak and pack. This is Amazon fba. You said to send to Amazon Fulfillment Center. No, this is here. So to send to the Amazon shipment center is the $800 to fulfill it. Got it, got it. Amazon fulfillment fee, Amazon shipping and handling fee. Yeah, he said it's so Amazon fulfillment fee. And we can put this chart up on the screen, actually. And then there's the commission, Amazon referral fee. And that's a percentage of gross 15%. Yeah, depending on the price. So then here's the total cost, right? If you sell 550 units, month one, 1200 unit, month three, month two, month three, then this is a total of the three months. The first month you, you're sending 9,000, you're. I mean, I don't know why this is kind of like this. Because it could be like gross revenue marketing. Well, we have to spend marketing. That's, that's charge on the credit card, right? Marketing's on the credit card. So client credit. So we sold not nearly 10,000. We got 2,000 charge on a credit card. We had to pay for the cost of goods way back over here, but we had to pay the equivalent of.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Mm,

Speaker B: okay. That's not. That's fine. Okay, so you're missing a title. So let's get new titles here. And you should have some sort of visual. So we kind of need some visual. A little bit. Like this is good. So this page is a little bit.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Are you process. So what's this?

Speaker A: It's the operational aspect. We're talking about the operational aspect here. Demand forecasting to inventory planning, even third party seller management, for example, or listing separation and case management.

Speaker B: So what's in it for? So we take operations off your hands. Right. So you manage the operations. Is that true?

Speaker A: If, if they want me to. It's not always something that we do. If they need that help, then we can do that option.

Speaker B: Okay, so let's go with the flow. So our best clients are looking to scale.

Speaker A: So here I should mention the clients I have worked with.

Speaker B: Well, wait, so we'll just do. So One sec. So, yeah, because it should follow like. So we'll follow. Yeah, we can put your clients here. Like the clients are down here, but we can put the clients as number two. So here we can put. Let's put. So let's put, you know, over 50 plus happy clients. So here you need to get. So let's do. So it's kind of like you're selling, right? Like you're, you're in, you're doing a pitch and you're meeting someone new. So you kind of. The flow has to go exactly how you would sell it, whether you're on TikTok. And there's hundreds of agencies on TikTok. So our best clients. So here what you need to do is just go in and do you know how many like, logos you can do?

Speaker A: I can do about 10, I guess.

Speaker B: Okay, yeah, yeah. So do 10. And then can you just put their name below it? So put their logo and their name and then can you invent a quote? Can you put the name and can you invent a short quote? Like just make it up.

Speaker A: Short quote, like a quote.

Speaker B: Yeah. So like I love, you know.

Speaker A: Oh, so feedback, basically.

Speaker B: Yeah, feedback, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, I have a ton of them.

Speaker B: So that's one of them. Like just make up a whole bunch of them, you know.

Speaker A: Okay,

Speaker B: Just, just put a couple of the quotes like below the logo and then just send me. Yeah, so okay, so short quote here. So then, so it's like, hey, our best clients are this. Look, we have a whole bunch of 50 happy clients, then we have a unique process. Okay, so then it's like we have a Unique process. So here you kind of have to do step one because it's a process, so it's always the same. So I don't know, we're not going to need this. So you have a unique process and you have to design it and then you have to show it. So step one. So what are kind of the four steps of your design of your process? So we'll do it here.

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker B: So step one,

Speaker A: I would say understanding the pricing and the margin dynamics. That's the first step.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And then based on that, coming up with the strategy.

Speaker B: Yep. Then step two is, you know, present align to the best strategy to start. Then step three is to update to. To list. You have to. You have to put all the product stuff in, Right? So list.

Speaker A: Exactly. Yeah.

Speaker B: All the products. What's it called? You have like the, the keywords.

Speaker A: Yeah. SEO copy. Basically writing SEO copy and creating an optimized listing with the imageries and a plus content brand store. That's the third step.

Speaker B: Okay, and then what's the step after that?

Speaker A: Well, that's basically execution. Whatever strategy we'll decide on, it could be based on the internal traffic, Amazon traffic. It could be solely Amazon ads. That's not a sound strategy anyway. But if they have other sources of external traffic, then how we can leverage all those things along with Amazon ads? That's what we are going to implement in this step.

Speaker B: Okay, and then step five is so scorecard. Monitor and learn, right?

Speaker A: Yeah. Based on the KPIs, we'll keep on monitoring the performance and try to optimize and see if we are on track to hit the KPIs. If not, we mean before. So basically monitoring and optimizing and trying to hit the KPIs.

Speaker B: Okay, so these four steps. So I don't know why this. There's something weird with Word here.

Speaker A: That's okay. Don't worry about that.

Speaker B: Okay, so. Okay, so let's do this process. So this is this. So we'll. Let's go back to the PowerPoint. So you kind of have to put these four steps here. So you're going to do this like this. And you should probably like do color and so let like you kind of want to make it nice, but I don't want to use up our time to do that. But what you want is like the audience when you're presenting has to be really able to follow. So it's called AV Sync. So whatever you're saying they should see on the screen. So when you're presenting and I'll Give you, like you say the headline and then they see the headline. It's AB Sync. Got it. So this is your pitch. So you really don't say anything other than what's in here. Okay. So ideally you put a little visual in here. So you put like a little Google a little. Or AI do a little picture between each if you can, here. So then there's this. Describe the step. I don't know where this goes. That's kind of. So. So you describe the step. Why is this not. And then you have details around the steps. So let's go back to what we had here. Pricing and margin dynamic. So you basically say analyze pricing and margin dynamic. Right. So you. Then let's just do the steps and then we'll look at how you make it pretty. I don't know why this is so hard. Like, PowerPoint has like templates, but I never kind of figured out a good template.

Speaker A: You can try this. I mean, just take a look at the new site that I found. It's called Gamma App. I'll just send you the link.

Speaker B: Oh yeah, Gamma. Yeah, yeah, yeah, send me the link. But it's. I think I. I saw it in one of my chat AI things. I think I have an account actually here. I think I did. Like two weeks ago, I was spending a lot of time on this. I opened up an account on Gamma. So, yeah, so I have an account home. But I tried to kind of create a new one. So let me know. Like, I didn't. So here. Where's home templates?

Speaker A: If you also uploaded draft, then they will create it based on your instructions. You can also do that. And it's a bit of.

Speaker B: Yeah, here, do this one. So I don't want to. But if you want to. Yep.

Speaker A: For now we don't need to worry about the design. I'll take care of that part.

Speaker B: But yeah, definitely make it look nicer. But you get the idea is so definitely go into Gamma. So this. I mean, there's way too many words. But you get the idea is you. Your PowerPoint has to be like every. Like it has to look way more.

Speaker A: Yeah. Like concise and to the point.

Speaker B: Yeah. Like it has to look like a real sales deck. So. Okay, so like, we're wasting way too much time with this stuff. But, But definitely if you figure out Gamma, that's good. Okay. So like, there's something odd with your template, so you got to fix this. Like, I don't want to waste your time with this, but sure.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So here, like everything has to Be like more business. Like is the target price and cost of goods. So it's basically will the target price and cost of goods and percentage spend on Amazon like work, like provide the right, provide the right roas. Like will it work? And then you can help me with my products. Right. I sent you some stuff. We can do a test on my products. But let's finish this first.

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker B: So your language has to be kind of. So this would go here. So you have the four steps. You. They should have color. So your step two was. And you should have a little visual in the middle.

Speaker A: Strategy.

Speaker B: Okay, okay, okay. Wait, wait, wait. No. So this is. Okay. So. Like it has to flow. So let's go here. So here it's review competitors, competitors. So here it's like your Cs, right? Review category, size, SEO keywords and competitors. Like that's your analyze, right? Like that's you first do analysis on the market. Then after you've done analysis, then what did you say here? It's the strategy. Right. So it's strategy proposed.

Speaker A: The analysis is actually a bit different, Susie. So we talked about the margin analysis based on Amazon's expenses and all the costs. Right. That's what we wanted to do and create profitable offers. So if that required us to create multi pack or some kind of combination, we would do that. That's what the analysis was about.

Speaker B: Okay, what's three? Then it's the listing. Okay, so let's fix this. We're going to fix all this. So I just want to get the big picture of the steps because I'm trying to do it with my brands. Right. So I'm a good test for you. Listings and then traffic and results. Okay. So that's super easy. So just this is just the headlines of the steps so people understand it and then it's results. So okay, so let's. And then we put the details below. So there's verbs. So here often the consultants, they charge like $2,000 just for the listing.

Speaker A: Yeah, they do.

Speaker B: Yeah. So you have to kind of. We're going to get the pricing next. Okay, so tell me. So this is what I kind of thought step one and step two. So what are you like, what are you proposing here? So one is, I thought you first look at the dynamic and then you understand. You analyze pricing and dynamics. So you review the category and then you review the brand. The brand. This part here, right, this thing here?

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly.

Speaker B: So here is this. I'll just try to figure out what's happening here. So will the. Then it's the brand of the client will the target price, cost of goods and percentage to spend and percentage marketing. Provide the right roas. So that's kind of step one. And we can do that with my brands. Right? I can show you my hot chocolate and you can, you can say like, okay, let me look at the market and whether it makes sense. So you know, I have like

Speaker A: you, you sent me one Excel with your products.

Speaker B: Pardon?

Speaker A: You, you sent me an Excel last time. Yeah, your products.

Speaker B: Yeah, you go kind of like first step is like, okay, Susie, you have a, you know, you have this on the Excel. You have this product and it's $222 per serving. Let me look at the competitor. Okay, well this is ashwagandha and it's $15 for whatever servings. We have to check the servings here. $15 for whatever servings. So we have to check that. This one has no protein. This one is a crap brand. This one is kind of weird, but it's really, really expensive. It's five servings, so $10 per serving. So that's insane. This is $3 per serving. This is 100 baht in the past month. That's not bad. 15 grams plant protein, maybe. It tastes gross. So that's plant. And then there's this, which $3 per serving. Right. So the first step is, the first step is you look at the, the category but you also look at the brand proposal. So I'm like, protein, I have $3 per serving, blah, blah, blah. Let's see then the second step. Yeah, so that's you. And you kind of have an Excel or something on that. You probably have an Excel spreadsheet for

Speaker A: that, for the price analysis. I mean.

Speaker B: Yeah. Do you have an example? Can you put here, can you put step one, step one, can you put an example like, can you put something that'll show like the charts?

Speaker A: Okay, yeah, I can do that.

Speaker B: Yeah. Like if you have something like here and it shows, you know, like an example of the analysis and recommendation chart, if you can. So that's step one. So then you get to step two and then you kind of show like you have a five step model and then you just kind of show pretty quickly. Right? Step one, step two. Then you're going to propose the strategy and, and that's going to be.

Speaker A: It could involve when you're launching new products, it could involve getting the initial few reviews to. What would be our media strategy? Would it be limited to just Amazon or do we need to coordinate with other external efforts that kind of. And how much our margin, how much will we allocate on ads? All those things. Based on that, what will be our go to strategy? How aggressive can we go with ads?

Speaker B: Yep. So where do you kind of propose? So I'll just give you the format, then you should fill it in and let's regroup, either later today or send it to me. But you need to, like, we need to kind of get this. So you propose a strategy. So first you're going to develop the best product offering at the, at the right price. Then you're going to propose how to get. How to get traffic and how to get views. Right. So, so the. Do you put like, is that. Do you have a chart? Like, if I want to put this step two and I want to show this step two to a new client, like, do you have a page you can show? So step one is you're going to do this step two. Hey, now I'm going to, I'm gonna give you a product strategy like, is that in Excel? And then I'm gonna propose like the three ways to get traffic and to get reviews.

Speaker A: All.

Speaker B: All within the budget, right? All within the budget. Because my Amazon guy, the clear ads from Spain, he's like, oh, you gotta, you know, lose $20,000 in the first three months for a new product. And I'm like, no, I don't want to lose. Right. So you have to agree with the client. What is like the budget? Where do you do the budget? In here. So here. Do you sign off on the budget? Agree to a straw man. So I guess that that's here. Here, the first strategy. Agree to straw man budget. Right. So I can show you what he gave me, really simple, but it's like not there yet. And I haven't signed off on it. And I don't know if it's going to work because that's the other thing is like, I've, I've had these charts several times and the results are not in line with the charts. So that's a problem. So I think it's here. Yeah. So this is his chart. But again, like, Matt, you know, he's not getting paid. He has like a lot of big brands. So I don't know, might move over to you if, if, like, let's see, for my brands, let's, let's first finish what you need. But then this is what he, like, first, he did this. Here are the skews. I did this. Price, price per unit. He just did the span and how much units he wants me to make. So he kind of said, oh, 1012, blah, blah, blah. Then I kind of said, okay, wait. And then he said, oh, we'll get 98, you know, 98, 000 in sales with 10,000 in spin. I'm like, oh, okay, maybe. But then I kind of said, like, let's do it by month. So then he did this. I said, okay, like first I build the product, right? So how much money am I going to spend three months before? Because I got to cut POS, right? So I, I need to order 3,500 units and I need to have like money in the bank. And then month one. So this is just like prior then month one, you're going to sell 550. So we're going to make 10,000 of revenue. We're going to spend 2,000 and marketing. So we're going to net this. And these are my cost of goods. Then I kind of said, well, wait, I want the P and L, right? So how much is the shipping going to cost? Because last time I started getting all these surprises, we were, you know, shipping to Amazon and they were deducting my credit card. So I'm like, I don't want any surprises, right? So my cost of goods are going to sell. To sell 550 units. My cost of goods are $4,000. I'm going to get from my credit card deducted, you know, $800 to ship to Amazon. Then he said there's a pick and pack fee of 450 per sku. Does that make sense to you?

Speaker A: I'm not sure what it means, but peak and pack.

Speaker B: This is Amazon fba.

Speaker A: You said to send to Amazon Fulfillment Center.

Speaker B: No, this is here. So to send to the Amazon shipment center is the $800 to fulfill it.

Speaker A: Got it, got it. Amazon fulfillment fee, Amazon shipping and handling fee.

Speaker B: Yeah, he said it's so Amazon fulfillment fee. And we can put this chart up on the screen, actually. And then there's the commission, Amazon referral fee. And that's a percentage of gross 15%.

Speaker A: Yeah, depending on the price.

Speaker B: So then here's the total cost, right? If you sell 550 units, month one, 1200 unit, month three, month two, month three, then this is a total of the three months. The first month you, you're sending 9,000, you're. I mean, I don't know why this is kind of like this. Because it could be like gross revenue marketing. Well, we have to spend marketing. That's, that's charge on the credit card, right? Marketing's on the credit card. So client credit. So we sold not nearly 10,000. We got 2,000 charge on a credit card. We had to pay for the cost of goods way back over here, but we had to pay the equivalent of.

