Transcript for: Recording__144.mp4
Title: Recording #144
============================================================

At any stage. Feel free so to use Soham as a resource but she knows how to allocate, how to generate labels, how to create a packing flip. Everything is. I think only input she might need would be the quantity confirmation initially like what would be the recommended quantity. But I have my numbers here. I'll pull that real quick and I would say it's. It would be more about the protein snack mixes. That many only. Okay, let me present my screen real quick. So this is my inventory agenda. We had a lot of changes. Sorry I couldn't share the plan ahead with the team but we had like back and forth. We were running short of barbecue 28 grams product as well because there was a big Costco pull where we had to cut down and trim our Amazon platform this week. So we just did a last minute change late last evening and then we are starting with some of the labeling also you remember soon we increased the label size for snacks to go back to cover the barcode. So we now transition to another SKU where we are using a bit like we have. We have not sent 50 grams in a long time time for now. So this is after quite considerable gap I would say we are starting to send 15 grams and I have to use the new labels so I just finish up those setting up because Amazon doesn't give you a drop down menu of generating labels of a bigger size. So it's more of a custom thing that I'm doing internally. Okay. So for Amazon Canada. I just hide off the cases and I just keep the much use. Okay. So for letters Friday pack we are officially out of default letters. So we are not sending anything. So whatever we have would be the last one. So we still have including everything. Yeah, yeah. For oil we are planning to send this week. Like if you remember I had after my quantity of sending shipment to Amazon I was trying to build heavy so that we don't have to send another shipment when I'm gone. So things are already taken care of. So if you want to look at no detail port. So I'm currently working on 132 units of it. Yeah they are already built and just being prepared. So I'll just hide those numbers. So what I. Sorry, just a quick question of those ones that you built. Those are all still the current label, right? Not the new labels that came in. Okay, come again sorry, the current. They're very old. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah we have still plenty of stock of the old one. So yeah and we are sending 20 is being sent this week like as promised, that we'll be for the 5 liters bit. And this is being sent by UPS for Power Bean variety pack. So including. So here is one small change. Okay, so we apply. We are planning to send 72 units this week. But if I look at more three weeks run. So my current total unit will be close to three months inventory already. So I don't think I need to send anything here on this sku. Correct. For a long time now. So I'll just rule that out. And then for chickpeas variety again, we are sending 146. That would take us through three months easily. So I'm not putting any numbers in there. For chickpeas variety pack as well. Then talking about the protein snack mixes. So this is one SKU. So we discussed about 800, 500 to 800 units. I remember when we last chatted. So I'm still waiting for stock allocation confirmation from sales. Like we are building enough of the inventory this Friday and once every allocation is done, I'll. So Alicia checked with Neil. So basically I have to get confirmation from Colleen to get that allocation. Okay. She has that grid. So I'll just clip it over. Okay. Yeah. So I would just say in final recommendation between 500 to 800, I'll still keep the same number of units here and I'll keep you guys posted on the timing of shipment of all these. For snacks to go 15 grams. So in this week. So this was my current challenge. So I'm sending 720 units this week and we are pending to make triple two units for next build. And for snacks to go 28 grams, I'm just able to spend 45 cases of master packs, which is like 270 units. And I'm pending to build 2010 units. So once that pending build gets completed, then I don't need to send anything to Amazon after that. So these two are the bigger. So can you just pause so that 222. Is that units or cases? Units. Everything is units. 1757 in column G is units available, right? Yeah. Everything is units. Nothing is cases. Everything is units. Nothing is cases. Okay. Yeah. Because what you're saying here right now is the total units, including this working 720. You have three months worth of stock. Yes. So this is my summation. Everything from available till pending build is included in my total units. And basically I'm just deducting unfulfillable. Let's say if anything is deductible or not a good inventory, then I'm just deducting that. But yeah, anything, including pending build is included in my. Okay, yeah, yeah, we'll definitely want to hold off on that. 30 times 15 grams. There's chickpeas in that bag, right? Like, I like keeping it as fresh as possible. So like three months is a lot. It's slowing down that item because the other one's picking up. So I just want to. Okay. No, I would just pause after this. We'll just make sure we pause after this. Fill on this and really give a good assumptions on what this item is going to continue to do. Okay, perfect. So any concerns or any questions, I'll just hide this column again. Any. Because actually, I guess even those 222 cases or those 222 units you're making on the 30 grams, like, this is very fresh stock. Right. Because I know we're turning inventory like crazy in the warehouse. So they're good dates. It's not. Nothing's like I would say what. We still used September stock for this, Bill. Yeah, we used September stock that was already available for 720 units. Okay. And triple two, we have to see what dates. I think it would be close to November or something the next. Okay. Yeah, even fresher than that maybe. So November or later. But what we have already packed and planning to send is September 2026. Okay. Okay. So that was Amazon Canada. And sorry, just pause on the 18 gram. Just slow on the 18 gram again. So can you. So right now. Okay, yeah. So the 18 grams already filled. Three months worth in there. Or. Sorry, the 18 pack. Not 18 gram, 18 pack, the 28 gram. Yeah. But my major majority of the build is still pending. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Do you have any? Do you have any? No, I think the quadrillies are fine. The 18 count, it would be. I understand there's. There are other channels who are demanding some of these units, but it would be better if you could send a little bit more this week. Anyway, that's just a comment. So I gave. I just had 60 cases available with me, so I gave 45 to Canada and just 15 cases I'm sending to us so I'm still pivoting higher towards Canadian side of the business. But you're building these next week, right, is what you're saying. You're still Philly. It's just going to be in the next one or two weeks. Yes, correct. Yeah. Yeah. So switching over to Amazon US, I think we have with what is pending. So let me see. The power variety pack. I'm sending 168 units this week and then 168 units. Another bill will be pending for next week and then for snacks to go 18 grams. Sorry, 28 grams. We are spending to build 108 units and we are sending 90 units in this week. So everything is negative. So ideally what I've done, I've planned everything for three months and I don't have to send after my pending build gets completed across all the schemes. So I'll just broaden this category just so you guys can review it more thoroughly. Yeah, if this makes sense. Yeah, That looks fine to me. Shalom. Yep. And that is what we're trying to achieve to have the minimum impact on SKUs when I'm gone because we are targeting to maximize on each SKU and only concern would be the protein power mixes and those could be apparent by themselves going to Canada. But if at all, I think we should keep an eye on snacks to go just because the numbers keep on changing. Right. Like we have seen a sway on it. So I would say just keep a tab on that and so yeah, so just for our understanding. So Aaron, Aaron, you'll be able to like because it is likely the protein snack mix for sure we're going to have to do another shipment in. So you'll be trained up to do that. That's what the purpose is here. Right. With Aaron shadowing you. Annabelle. Yeah. And then if there is another item that needs to go in urgently, it's likely going to be that 18 pack. But again so typically our standard is that we keep two months worth of historical like we base it off historical sales on Amazon. We keep two months worth of stock in Amazon to fulfill sales. What we've done with Annaba away in March is we've scaled that to three to give just a lot of cushion. But to the points the AT pack and the protein snack mixes are taking off a lot. Small correction. So we keep three months stock but I had planned for four. Oh sorry, two to three. Three to four. Sorry. Yeah, okay. Yeah, that is it from my side. All right. Okay, perfect. And Shoham, I'll just share your details with Aaron and I'll just connect you both on an email so that if she has anybody she can reach out to you actually just kind of on there before you jump off one critical detail. So we have an update on the lentils. So we're going to sell out of the lentils with there and then that Asin will go away. We can decide show home in Brittany if we bring a barbecue lentil back. That's the one flavor that we're holding on to. We can decide that if we want to add an item. But one critical detail here, Annab, is sea salt fava beans. Do you anticipate that item running out? When do you anticipate that item running out? Because that's a pallet. Yeah. So when you built these. When you went to build these favas in Canada, if you go to Canada, because I think you built fava varieties, you obviously didn't have issues with the sea salt fava beans, because I think you had two dates of sea salt fava beans too. And you didn't use the July, but you used the later ones, so. So you built some and you didn't flag that. You're running out of sea cell, Fabian. So we should be good for a while. But the reason I bring that to our attention and even for your knowledge, Aaron, is because Variety pack on Amazon is a sea salt fava, a cheddar fava, and a sweet chili fava. Once that sea salt's out, that's a discontinued item. So we either need to swap that ASIN or start a new one. We're going to swap in dill pickle. So we just need some. Some time on when that's going to run out. But we have three or four months of stock right now, so. Three months of stock. So, yeah, we have some time. Yeah. So just keep us close on that. Yeah, yeah. But I would still like, like, I like to discuss internally that we would still prefer to have a completely new new code, if at all, we are switching to a new configuration. Okay. You discussed that with Natasha, H&M2. Like, is that what you said? Are you saying my discussion with you? No. So we did that in our marketing and innovation meeting. Yeah, the SMI meeting. Yeah. Yeah. It's easier to start fresh is what you're saying, than trying to map. Yeah. Okay. Just to avoid inventory issues. And the reason that was an above is because of how the U.S. and Canada are set up. The same ASIN, right? Yes. And now they're going to be totally different items. Like, I am fine with. However, Soham wants to do create his listing in terms of asin. But from mapping perspective, in Fishbowl, it's best to have a separate item board because the bomb will be changing and then there will be current inventory that we are waiting to getting used up. So as long as we have two new codes, it would be the most cleanest path. Okay. Okay, perfect. I'll jump off from here and you guys have a good time. Thank you. So to that point. Show home, actually, because I've been thinking about that favorite pack. It might actually be good to start from fresh and get that buy box back and monitor. I agree. I have received the questions that Brittany sent and the first one was about the fava beans and the second one was about lentils. And one of the question was if we should. Oh, yeah. So about the fava, the question was if we should start a new asin. And I wanted to add. If we do start a new asin, I would like to review the pack size because the current format is not going to be profitable even if we, you know, get the buy box. Okay. Like as it make the pack size bigger. Like six units versus three, you mean? Yeah, something like that. But we have to, you know, look into the numbers. Okay, yeah, because. Yeah, because they're. You're balancing two things. You're balancing consumer percept, like the cost of the item. Right. Do they want six bags at. What is that? What are we, $35 now? Or $30 or whatever that is or. Yeah. All right, So I can look into that. So we are going to. It's. Is it final that we are going to create a new ASIN first? Yeah, sounds like it's best for even just our coding and even just to get back the buy box because I definitely can't drop to 12 bucks. Okay. In that case, I'll look into the numbers and after that I'll send you maybe an Excel with the breakdown of the price and also different Amazon costs. Okay. All right. Do you want to discuss the questions that Brittany sent first or is there something else before that? Okay, the second question was, should we discontinue the lentils or swap the sea salt for barbecue? So we definitely have to discontinue the current lentil. Sorry, the current lentil variety. Once that's out, it's out. But the question is, do we want to launch a barbecue lentil? I'd probably say that's actually more internal, Brittany. A decision internally. Yeah. Because do we want to launch like an orphan SKU onto Amazon or is it worth splitting our marketing dollars? Is it worth like. Right. Like all of that kind of stuff? Like in your perception there show home. Like, my perception is the less asins, the better for your marketing spend. But if we fill that barbecue you like, it's. It's a discontinued line because it's our lowest selling line. So I don't necessarily want to start putting marketing dollars on Amazon behind it. Got it. Okay. So in that case, maybe it's a no. Yeah. The only reason we would do it is if we feel like how we are kind of in the US if we want to have a lentil product on Amazon, sometimes it's just nice. The only part of me that wants to keep it is like the customer service side, right where people want it and they're used to it and I want to be able to offer them something. But yeah, that's not sales focus. That's just customer service. But yeah. Okay, so we'll discuss that internally. All right. Yeah. Okay, so let's move on to the third one. It was about the images. So once we are done with the US Images, we plan to move on to the storefront. And Britney said that I sent some examples in August. The question was, are there any storefronts with only a few SKUs we should look at? Because those examples that I sent, they had many products and they had things like best sellers and that just sort of seemed. Yeah, you know what, Brittany? I also sent two videos I can. Do you remember? Two videos that I sent in along with that email? Okay. I have that video that, you know. Yeah. Right. And in those videos, I discussed the concepts. So it's not necessarily we have to copy everything that they have done, but it's more about the concept that how the homepage should be designed and then how the sub pages should be designed. So, yeah, it's totally up to us how we design ours. Okay. I guess my main question there was do you think we need something like a best seller section or can we just do, like, follow our website format where it's crunchy beanstalks, variety packs, oil. Well, we could do that. Best sellers, probably that. Will that draw some attention? If we mention that on the homepage, maybe that will drive some traffic to the product pages. But the main focus of the homepage is to showcase our product line. Right. And then not talk about specific products on that homepage. When they click on each of those blocks, they can. That may lead to the sub pages where they can see what those specific products. Products are about. Okay. Yeah. And again, because, yeah, it's not like we want it very simple, but like you're saying. So if you. So how we kind of did our website, we have the collections pages, right. So because we're trying to differentiate across the different types of collections or occasions of the snacks, we have variety packs, we have protein snack mixes, and then we have crunchy bean snacks, which are basically singular ingredients. Only chickpeas, only fava beans, like that. But then we do on Our homepage have a very like right at the top. Bestsellers just because or new. If something was new. New and bestsellers are always like, like, you know, show him always like the number one way to sell something online. So what I hear you saying is our homepage, it would be great to hierarchy that way where there's like a bestseller. Maybe you start with the Variety pack bestseller, then protein snack mix, new or something, I don't know. And then you have your core Crunchy Bean. But for now we'll focus on the three types of pages, which is Variety pack on the go, Protein Snack mixes, and then our Crunchy Bean snacks, which would have anything if we have fava, beans, chickpeas, lentils all together like that. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And then show him for this. And maybe this is in the videos of what you get. Brittany. But is the home page these different pages on the homepage, is it the same treatment as the A plus content where you have different modules for mobile desktop? Like is there a wireframe or templates? Yeah. And it's much more complicated than the A plus content. So it would be better if our graphic designer also has access to the backend because there are so many different types of blocks and templates to play around, play with. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, Brittany. So that's likely something you should set up with Lindsay to take a look in the back end or if you guys have to have a call with show home just to walk the videos that he sent or whatever. Just make sure she has visibility in and then we need to brief her properly because I just want to avoid rework or tons of back and forth. Yeah. Okay, so moving on to the next one. It was about the reporting dashboard. The question was about when is it updated and if it is updated to the previous Sunday. So we have discussed this a few times. And the dashboard is updated every Tuesday by the end of the day. So the. And the data reflects through the previous Sunday. So if you allow us till the, until the end of the day every Tuesday to complete the update, you will be able to see the updated data on Wednesday. Does that. So you're saying if we are. The data that we're looking at today. Yes. Reflects February 16th year to date. Right? February 15th. Yeah. Okay. So this previous Sunday. So there's. There's basically only a three day gap. That's right. On what we look at. Yeah. Okay. That's just what we wanted to get clarity on. Okay. All right, so the next one was. Next one was about the data, the sales and traffic data that I discussed with Brittany in our last meeting and she wanted me to walk you through the same data on this meeting. Okay. Which again is more just. And I was even in the back end looking this morning because I just want like a really high level look at what's the website sessions and sales doing and then just peg. What are the drivers of that basically. Right. So yeah, it shouldn't be too much. It shouldn't be a very simple visual. Yeah, sure. I will walk you through some, the business report first and also some campaigns and also some third party data. All right, let me share my screen. Okay, so right now. Sorry. Yeah. So this is the business report sales and traffic with business sales and traffic data. So we are now looking at the data starting from the last week of December until 16th of February. And here in this chart, the green one is the total number of orders that were placed and the purple one is the number of sessions. You can see the sessions. It's similar to page views. There's some difference, but it's similar to the page views. Now if you look at this data, after December there was a jump right from the 1st of January and I think that was natural because the demand goes up in January. But then after the 16th, in fact from the 17th of January, you see there has been an increase in the traffic and also the number of orders that are placed. And that was almost consistent. There was a lift towards the end of January and after that I believe the decreases because the new sku, the Prudent Snack Mixes was out of stock. But it has remained more or less consistent since then. So can you identify with that show Home? Because this is just at the end of the day we have that TV campaign going on. The only. And when you spend on awareness like that, the only way that I can get any early insider gut feel is what's going on on my website traffic or my Amazon traffic or what's going on. And can we assume any of that due to people seeing the commercial basically? Right, right. I'm making a strong assumption that for sure it's contributing here. I definitely agree with you on this. Around February 6th there where we see the dip, it was likely more due to out of stocks than anything else. But when did you start spending a little bit more too? And do you think, did we have any promotions here in January? No. I'll walk you through those. No. Okay, so there's no promotions. There's only. So that's actually good because now I don't have a lot of variables. And then January, you did Start spending a little bit more like that, but not significant. Let me walk you through that. Yes, we started spending close to 20%. Um, I don't remember the exact date, but I'll walk you through the new campaigns. I think it was the 17th. Like it was two days before. Yeah, yeah. So, so 17th was one, it's one day. And then 19th is when we started our TV campaigns. Right, 19th of January. Yeah, right, yeah. So here's what happened on our end. Now we are looking at advertise advertising data. Here we are looking at the data starting from January 1st to January, February 17th. And the bars, the light purple bars, those are number of impressions. So if you now look at January 17th, this is where you will see a jump right from the average number of impressions. There was a jump from January 17, which remain consistent or increased slightly until the end of January. And there was again a jump towards the end of January. Yeah. And then it dipped and then it remained consistent. So this is what we can see in terms of the number of impressions. Now let me walk you through what we did on our end. So on January 16th, by the end of the day we launched three new campaigns and we relaunched one old campaign. And the number of impression that jumped here is because of that, those four campaigns primarily. And these are the four campaigns, for example, this one is, you can see it started getting impressions from the 17th. Similarly, you will see here also started getting impressions from the 16th or 17th. So these are the campaigns that we launched, four of them that started getting. Even though you see the date range is starting from January 1st, by the way, the data starts from January 18th because that's when we started these campaigns. So anyway, these are the, these are contributing towards this increasing number of impressions. Now what happened here? Yeah, here we have this campaign. This is something we have been running for a long time. I'm not sure what happened exactly around this time, but the cure snacks. Give me one second here. The keyword snacks started getting a lot of vibrations, just the word snacks around this time. I could filter that and show you exactly what it got. But it's just because of that one keyword or two keywords actually snack and gluten free snacks. So, and then again it started, there was a dip after that. Now this is our advertising. Now let me one more indication or one more indicator of whether the TV campaigns are driving the awareness is helping our branded searches or the demand on Amazon is the branded searches. So this is, this is. We're looking at one year worth of search volume for the QR3 Farmer on Amazon, you will see that there was a sharp dip in December towards the end of the. Actually, it started after mid October and it was really, really low towards the end of December. Then we started recovering from that and now we see an increase which is, by the way, higher than what we had last year. In January, you'll see it's now 5,300. Last year, January was. The peak was 2000 something in that range. Oh, sorry, that's 2023. I'm sorry about that. So, yeah, 2400 ish in that range, 3000. And what is it now? It's now 5400. Yeah. Compared to previous January. Yes. But if you also look at the previous year, this is not the highest number we had. We had averaged almost 4,500 searches even in July, August, September, as you can see here. So, yes, it has increased in the. No wonder. Last month or month and a half. I'm not sure what exactly you can conclude from this. I wonder when we launch into. Yeah, the launch. That's what I was going to say. Costco. So I wonder if people are price checking Costco. Well, I think it's actually when we launched the 18 pack last summer on Amazon, we didn't have it before last summer. The first time that item was available was June 25th. Mm. So that could be show home. Where. And again, honestly, what I've learned too just there is, there is seasonality to this item, especially this, like January to March and back to summer. June, July, August, September. Like, those are like definite like spikes where we need to lean into a lot. So this is super helpful because it is. It's very clear that it's contributing. Right. To the branded search terms. And so that's really good to know, especially because we haven't done any crazy promotions to create any of these spikes. Right. Like, our strategies are pretty streamlined through the month of January. There's not crazy differences. Yes. Except for these new campaigns, which I'm not trying to draw any conclusion, but there is a correlation between the number of impressions that we can see here and the overall traffic increase around the same time here. So, yeah, two things going on at the same time, which is why we are having difficulty drawing a conclusion. Yeah, okay, that's super helpful. Thank you. Hari, did you want to slap up the dashboard there? Show home and maybe just review like the spending on the marketing there and stuff. And again, like our top three items right now. But actually, can you just tell me what's going on with the fava beans in The US selling really well the last three months. Is that just based on search like or. We haven't done any crazy advertising. It's mostly branded traffic that we are advertising for. Okay. Yeah. So nothing crazy on our end. Nothing be. Okay. Okay. So yeah, please go ahead. Oh you go ahead because I feel like there's something on my computer and I lost my bookmarks to the dashboard today for some reason. Might need someone to resend me the links. All right, I'm going to share, share the link right now. Yeah, thanks. Okay, Here's the link to the Canadian, the Canadian dashboard. Yeah. Okay, let's see what's going on. So I am now. Oh okay. You can see my screen. So in February, let's read two months, January and February. So in January in Canada we did close to 54,000 and we spent $11,689 on ads which is 22%. And in February until the last Sunday which is the 15th we did 31,000 and we spent $6,300 which is 20% of the revenue. This is the big picture now in terms of the individual products. Let me walk you through the major ones. So In January the 30 count one the snack to go it did 507 units which is 4000 plus dollar. And this month in the first 15 days we did $2900 which is 282 units. Let's talk. What, sorry. Okay, let's talk about the 18 pack one. In January we sold 999 units and in which is 23,000 plus dollar. And this month in the first 15 days we have done 590 which at this rate 28 days. So going to do about 1100 units this month. Yeah. This one by the way is out of stock right now. I know we are planning to ship it. Yeah, quantity but it's out of stock. And apart from that it's Camlina oil that we could look at other products are not that significant so we can ignore them for this discussion. Camelina in January did 103 units which is you can see dropped from what we used to do towards the end of the year I believe the last six months up 2025. If you compare with those then January was slow. Even February is slow. So this is how it is in Canada. Okay. We are on target in terms of ad spend for Canada for everything. Yeah, yeah. Okay. And the majority. And where do I see those show homes. So of that ad spend though how. Where do I see the breakdown of how much you're spending per like Item where the majority of those dollars, I guess that's just right in the spend amount. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. For example. Yeah, yeah. It will not always be accurate because you know here what we can do, this is our like anybody's capability. No one can allocate all of that spend part product. So you can see most of the spend here. But do know that there's one more ad type called sponsored brand at type that cannot be allocated to specific product. Product. So. Okay. And can you just go to the snack mix for a second mix? Oh yeah, I forgot to discuss that one. Just this one here. So in January we did 99 units, but that's including the 30 units. Yeah. And this month so far we have done 42. But one thing to keep in mind is this, is this has been out of stock. So this is selling despite the delivery date. I mean most of the products are still inbound. So despite that, we are selling some units and I think it will pick up, start picking up once everything's available at Amazon. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And we have started advertising this one too. Not too much because we don't have stock that much stock. So. Yeah, that's no use. Yeah. Oh, one more thing is the 5 liter one, so far we haven't been advertising, but given its performance, I was thinking it's probably worth a try to advertise it alongside 500 into 202 Camel. Now I'll ask you to see if we can see any lift. Okay. Yes. He's sending 20 bag in a box in. So. Yeah, yeah. Ideally we pushed. We'll see. They seem to be a little bit trigger cautious on the 5 liter due to just some labeling issues. But I thought those issues to me have been rectified. So I'm just asking him to push up Cadence. So. Okay. All right, now moving on to the US dashboard, I'm going to send you the link. All right now. Not this one, sorry. Okay, so in the US let's look at what we did in January and also February. In January it's actually doing better without even spending that much. So January. Yeah, yeah. Compared to even last January. So we did about $9,500 US dollar. This is US dollar and we spent 943, which is exactly 10% or slightly below that and also February so far. By that, I mean till 15th of February we did $4,700 worth of sales and we spent 448, which is again below our what we are allowed to spend. So this is the situation in the US and you'd probably like to see the fava and also what we are doing overall for the most important ones. So Camelin oil, this is another one that is. That has been consistently doing better compared to the last year. It actually started happening in July last year. Yeah. Is it like Cameron oil does better towards the last half of the year? Yeah, actually that is very common, like through the summer and then like Christmas time. Those, like November is usually a high time for. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Well, January is actually a lot better compared to the last January and even February. This is very impressive actually. Yeah. Because this is consistent what we see on Shopify. Right, Brittany? Yeah. Or Camelina. Very. Yeah. Especially, I mean, Cameline is different, obviously in Shopify because we have those sales that are like March and then usually out of Black Friday sales. So it's. It's so much harder, I think, to find like a true baseline because I find people are just stocking up and then it's really slow after those. Yeah. But obviously. Okay, so the thing is, we're going to do close to 60 units in February, which never happened before. Yeah, yeah, we are. We are spending a tiny bit on this really ignorable amount on this product. But this is promising. Maybe you should just. If this keeps on happening, we can probably have another discussion if we should do something about camelin in the U.S. but for now, let's just keep observing. Okay, so now about the. I believe this is a 30 count. Yeah. Right. So in January we did 87 units, which is again compared to the. Compared to last year, I think. Last year we had buy box, not buy box issues. We had some kind of index indexing issues which we fixed. And after that it started doing better from April. So it's consistently doing something in that range. February looks like it's a little bit slower compared to January. And we are. We're not spending much at all. We are. I mean, this is again below even 10% now. Moving on. Sorry. Yes, this is the fava. So let's look at Fava. It has started doing better since July last year. The year ended really strong and January is even doing better than what we did towards the end of the year. Naturally it should, but it's doing great. And February is a little bit slower again, but still doing good. And in terms of ad spend, we are still staying close to 10%. And this is. Every product is doing better. If you notice, even this is doing better. This is a chickpeas. Yeah, yeah. And all of these products are discontinued. So let me just scroll down 18 count here. January Was really strong. Stronger than any month before. Before that. February is doing as good as January and yeah, the spend is close to 10% here. In February it's 13% so far. And protein snack mixes, did we send pruning snack mixes there? We didn't set them up into the US Right now I do have just a pegged agenda just to talk about it because again, it's just more like the majority of our ASINs are not really profitable in the US just to all the shipping and everything like into the US So right now we kind of have these in there as it's really the only way somebody can access our brand is on Amazon. The US we don't have a lot of regions saturated so we keep it on with low spend. But there was some recent discussion about if we tackle the US a few more regions we likely would lead with the snack mix. So I just said, hey, what price would we have to put them out in the US and it might be worth just getting some early insights and reviews and whatever if we want to do that. So I have a request in and more info to come on whether we activate that in the U.S. yeah, right. Okay. So this is how we are doing in both marketplaces. Yeah. Awesome. Any. Anything that you would like to discuss from these? No. When is our next. How did are our vine reviews all in Show Home? Is that done? Most of them are in. Let me just check. We have 19 reviews right now. But we sent out 30 kits, didn't we? So does that just take time? Like when you send that out, it's a guarantee that everybody reviews, right? No, not everybody will guarantee review us. So on average maybe 20 some in some cases 25. Okay. Never will never get 30. All 30. Okay. So maybe they're still coming. Okay. So just in terms of action items forward. So Brittany, you will connect with Lindsey and with Show Home as required just to understand the modules and the back end for just starting up the store. So we need a homepage which that's the page that would call out bestsellers or in order of products and brand. And then we need a crunchy bean snack an on the go and a protein snack mix and we'll talk about. So we've just decided we will set up a new item for Canada regarding the fava bean pack. But we still have like two months inventory of the current current one. So we would have to draw that down pretty significantly before we put another one out. So we have time on that and the lentils will sell out and then they're Done any just love. Like it always shocks me that they don't. Their lentils are just so good. Yeah, it's kind of the same. Like it's again just at the end of the day the lowest selling item and they're too expensive to carry. Like to produce and to keep stock and to run. And it's like have to put all of our forces behind the volume drivers to get some efficiency. Right. So I'm happy we held on to the barbecue lentils and maybe we decide to put a three pack of barbecue on or we do something with that snacks to go that maybe there's some sort of lentil thing that morphs over there. So that's kind of my hesitation. Like it's easy enough to put a three pack of barbecue lentils on Amazon, but I just kind of want to get clarity on how do we think in future we look at this 30 by 15 gram that's being cannibalized? Do we reposition it somehow? Do we launch another type of variety pack? Is there like a different size? So I just want to have that conversation internally before bringing back to show home for his input. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Awesome. Yeah. Thank you very much. When are you back in Canada? I am back towards the end of this. End of March. March 29th is my end of March. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Okay. That's great. I do have a request, by the way, about the Google review for our business. Yes. We have not done that, have we? It's fine. I mean you can just search for our name on Google. It will pop up on the right and then you can leave everything from there. Yeah, we'll get that done. Show home. All right. Thank you so much. Thank you. Good chat. Later. Yeah, thank you. Have a good day, guys. You too. Bye. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: At any stage. Feel free so to use Soham as a resource but she knows how to allocate, how to generate labels, how to create a packing flip. Everything is. I think only input she might need would be the quantity confirmation initially like what would be the recommended quantity. But I have my numbers here. I'll pull that real quick and I would say it's. It would be more about the protein snack mixes. That many only. Okay, let me present my screen real quick. So this is my inventory agenda. We had a lot of changes. Sorry I couldn't share the plan ahead with the team but we had like back and forth. We were running short of barbecue 28 grams product as well because there was a big Costco pull where we had to cut down and trim our Amazon platform this week. So we just did a last minute change late last evening and then we are starting with some of the labeling also you remember soon we increased the label size for snacks to go back to cover the barcode. So we now transition to another SKU where we are using a bit like we have. We have not sent 50 grams in a long time time for now. So this is after quite considerable gap I would say we are starting to send 15 grams and I have to use the new labels so I just finish up those setting up because Amazon doesn't give you a drop down menu of generating labels of a bigger size. So it's more of a custom thing that I'm doing internally. Okay. So for Amazon Canada. I just hide off the cases and I just keep the much use.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So for letters Friday pack we are officially out of default letters. So we are not sending anything. So whatever we have would be the last one. So we still have including everything.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: For oil we are planning to send this week. Like if you remember I had after my quantity of sending shipment to Amazon I was trying to build heavy so that we don't have to send another shipment when I'm gone. So things are already taken care of. So if you want to look at no detail port. So I'm currently working on 132 units of it. Yeah they are already built and just being prepared. So I'll just hide those numbers. So what I.

Speaker B: Sorry, just a quick question of those ones that you built. Those are all still the current label, right? Not the new labels that came in.

Speaker A: Okay, come again sorry, the current. They're very old. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah we have still plenty of stock of the old one. So yeah and we are sending 20 is being sent this week like as promised, that we'll be for the 5 liters bit. And this is being sent by UPS for Power Bean variety pack. So including. So here is one small change. Okay, so we apply. We are planning to send 72 units this week. But if I look at more three weeks run. So my current total unit will be close to three months inventory already. So I don't think I need to send anything here on this sku. Correct. For a long time now. So I'll just rule that out. And then for chickpeas variety again, we are sending 146. That would take us through three months easily. So I'm not putting any numbers in there. For chickpeas variety pack as well. Then talking about the protein snack mixes. So this is one SKU. So we discussed about 800, 500 to 800 units. I remember when we last chatted. So I'm still waiting for stock allocation confirmation from sales. Like we are building enough of the inventory this Friday and once every allocation is done, I'll. So Alicia checked with Neil. So basically I have to get confirmation from Colleen to get that allocation. Okay.

Speaker B: She has that grid. So I'll just clip it over.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. So I would just say in final recommendation between 500 to 800, I'll still keep the same number of units here and I'll keep you guys posted on the timing of shipment of all these. For snacks to go 15 grams. So in this week. So this was my current challenge. So I'm sending 720 units this week and we are pending to make triple two units for next build. And for snacks to go 28 grams, I'm just able to spend 45 cases of master packs, which is like 270 units. And I'm pending to build 2010 units. So once that pending build gets completed, then I don't need to send anything to Amazon after that. So these two are the bigger.

Speaker B: So can you just pause so that 222. Is that units or cases?

Speaker A: Units. Everything is units.

Speaker B: 1757 in column G is units available, right?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Everything is units. Nothing is cases.

Speaker B: Everything is units. Nothing is cases. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Because what you're saying here right now is the total units, including this working 720. You have three months worth of stock.

Speaker A: Yes. So this is my summation. Everything from available till pending build is included in my total units. And basically I'm just deducting unfulfillable. Let's say if anything is deductible or not a good inventory, then I'm just deducting that. But yeah, anything, including pending build is included in my.

Speaker B: Okay, yeah, yeah, we'll definitely want to hold off on that. 30 times 15 grams. There's chickpeas in that bag, right? Like, I like keeping it as fresh as possible. So like three months is a lot. It's slowing down that item because the other one's picking up. So I just want to.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: No, I would just pause after this. We'll just make sure we pause after this. Fill on this and really give a good assumptions on what this item is going to continue to do.

Speaker A: Okay, perfect. So any concerns or any questions, I'll just hide this column again. Any.

Speaker B: Because actually, I guess even those 222 cases or those 222 units you're making on the 30 grams, like, this is very fresh stock. Right. Because I know we're turning inventory like crazy in the warehouse. So they're good dates. It's not. Nothing's like I would say

Speaker A: what. We still used September stock for this, Bill. Yeah, we used September stock that was already available for 720 units. Okay. And triple two, we have to see what dates. I think it would be close to November or something the next.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, even fresher than that maybe. So November or later. But what we have already packed and planning to send is September 2026. Okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So that was Amazon Canada.

Speaker B: And sorry, just pause on the 18 gram. Just slow on the 18 gram again. So can you. So right now. Okay, yeah. So the 18 grams already filled. Three months worth in there.

Speaker A: Or.

Speaker B: Sorry, the 18 pack. Not 18 gram, 18 pack, the 28 gram.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: But my major majority of the build is still pending. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker B: Do you have any? Do you have any?

Speaker C: No, I think the quadrillies are fine. The 18 count, it would be. I understand there's. There are other channels who are demanding some of these units, but it would be better if you could send a little bit more this week. Anyway, that's just a comment.

Speaker A: So I gave. I just had 60 cases available with me, so I gave 45 to Canada and just 15 cases I'm sending to us so I'm still pivoting higher towards

Speaker C: Canadian side of the business.

Speaker B: But you're building these next week, right, is what you're saying. You're still Philly. It's just going to be in the next one or two weeks.

Speaker A: Yes, correct.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: So switching over to Amazon US, I think we have with what is pending. So let me see. The power variety pack. I'm sending 168 units this week and then 168 units. Another bill will be pending for next week and then for snacks to go 18 grams. Sorry, 28 grams. We are spending to build 108 units and we are sending 90 units in this week. So everything is negative. So ideally what I've done, I've planned everything for three months and I don't have to send after my pending build gets completed across all the schemes. So I'll just broaden this category just so you guys can review it more thoroughly. Yeah, if this makes sense. Yeah,

Speaker B: That looks fine to me.

Speaker A: Shalom.

Speaker C: Yep.

Speaker A: And that is what we're trying to achieve to have the minimum impact on SKUs when I'm gone because we are targeting to maximize on each SKU and only concern would be the protein power mixes and those could be apparent by themselves going to Canada. But if at all, I think we should keep an eye on snacks to go just because the numbers keep on changing. Right. Like we have seen a sway on it. So I would say just keep a tab on that and so yeah, so

Speaker B: just for our understanding. So Aaron, Aaron, you'll be able to like because it is likely the protein snack mix for sure we're going to have to do another shipment in. So you'll be trained up to do that. That's what the purpose is here. Right. With Aaron shadowing you. Annabelle. Yeah. And then if there is another item that needs to go in urgently, it's likely going to be that 18 pack. But again so typically our standard is that we keep two months worth of historical like we base it off historical sales on Amazon. We keep two months worth of stock in Amazon to fulfill sales. What we've done with Annaba away in March is we've scaled that to three to give just a lot of cushion. But to the points the AT pack and the protein snack mixes are taking off a lot.

Speaker A: Small correction. So we keep three months stock but I had planned for four.

Speaker B: Oh sorry, two to three. Three to four. Sorry.

Speaker A: Yeah, okay. Yeah, that is it from my side.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker A: Okay, perfect. And Shoham, I'll just share your details with Aaron and I'll just connect you both on an email so that if she has anybody she can reach out

Speaker B: to you actually just kind of on there before you jump off one critical detail. So we have an update on the lentils. So we're going to sell out of the lentils with there and then that Asin will go away. We can decide show home in Brittany if we bring a barbecue lentil back. That's the one flavor that we're holding on to. We can decide that if we want to add an item. But one critical detail here, Annab, is sea salt fava beans. Do you anticipate that item running out? When do you anticipate that item running out?

Speaker A: Because that's a pallet.

Speaker B: Yeah. So when you built these. When you went to build these favas in Canada, if you go to Canada, because I think you built fava varieties, you obviously didn't have issues with the sea salt fava beans, because I think you had two dates of sea salt fava beans too. And you didn't use the July, but you used the later ones, so. So you built some and you didn't flag that. You're running out of sea cell, Fabian. So we should be good for a while. But the reason I bring that to our attention and even for your knowledge, Aaron, is because Variety pack on Amazon is a sea salt fava, a cheddar fava, and a sweet chili fava. Once that sea salt's out, that's a discontinued item. So we either need to swap that ASIN or start a new one. We're going to swap in dill pickle. So we just need some. Some time on when that's going to run out. But we have three or four months of stock right now, so. Three months of stock. So, yeah, we have some time. Yeah. So just keep us close on that. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: But I would still like, like, I like to discuss internally that we would still prefer to have a completely new new code, if at all, we are switching to a new configuration.

Speaker B: Okay. You discussed that with Natasha, H&M2. Like, is that what you said? Are you saying my discussion with you?

Speaker A: No. So we did that in our marketing and innovation meeting.

Speaker B: Yeah, the SMI meeting.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. It's easier to start fresh is what you're saying, than trying to map. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Just to avoid inventory issues.

Speaker B: And the reason that was an above is because of how the U.S. and Canada are set up. The same ASIN, right?

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker B: And now they're going to be totally different items.

Speaker A: Like, I am fine with. However, Soham wants to do create his listing in terms of asin. But from mapping perspective, in Fishbowl, it's best to have a separate item board because the bomb will be changing and then there will be current inventory that we are waiting to getting used up. So as long as we have two new codes, it would be the most cleanest path. Okay. Okay, perfect. I'll jump off from here and you guys have a good time. Thank you.

Speaker B: So to that point. Show home, actually, because I've been thinking about that favorite pack. It might actually be good to start from fresh and get that buy box back and monitor.

Speaker C: I agree. I have received the questions that Brittany sent and the first one was about the fava beans and the second one was about lentils. And one of the question was if we should. Oh, yeah. So about the fava, the question was if we should start a new asin. And I wanted to add. If we do start a new asin, I would like to review the pack size because the current format is not going to be profitable even if we, you know, get the buy box.

Speaker B: Okay. Like as it make the pack size bigger. Like six units versus three, you mean?

Speaker C: Yeah, something like that. But we have to, you know, look into the numbers.

Speaker B: Okay, yeah, because. Yeah, because they're. You're balancing two things. You're balancing consumer percept, like the cost of the item. Right. Do they want six bags at. What is that? What are we, $35 now? Or $30 or whatever that is or. Yeah.

Speaker C: All right, So I can look into that. So we are going to. It's. Is it final that we are going to create a new ASIN first?

Speaker B: Yeah, sounds like it's best for even just our coding and even just to get back the buy box because I definitely can't drop to 12 bucks.

Speaker C: Okay. In that case, I'll look into the numbers and after that I'll send you maybe an Excel with the breakdown of the price and also different Amazon costs.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: All right. Do you want to discuss the questions that Brittany sent first or is there something else before that? Okay, the second question was, should we discontinue the lentils or swap the sea salt for barbecue?

Speaker B: So we definitely have to discontinue the current lentil. Sorry, the current lentil variety. Once that's out, it's out. But the question is, do we want to launch a barbecue lentil? I'd probably say that's actually more internal, Brittany. A decision internally. Yeah. Because do we want to launch like an orphan SKU onto Amazon or is it worth splitting our marketing dollars? Is it worth like. Right. Like all of that kind of stuff? Like in your perception there show home. Like, my perception is the less asins, the better for your marketing spend. But if we fill that barbecue you like, it's. It's a discontinued line because it's our lowest selling line. So I don't necessarily want to start putting marketing dollars on Amazon behind it.

Speaker C: Got it. Okay. So in that case, maybe it's a no.

Speaker B: Yeah. The only reason we would do it is if we feel like how we are kind of in the US if we want to have a lentil product on Amazon, sometimes it's just nice. The only part of me that wants to keep it is like the customer service side, right where people want it and they're used to it and I want to be able to offer them something. But yeah, that's not sales focus. That's just customer service.

Speaker C: But yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so we'll discuss that internally.

Speaker C: All right.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay, so let's move on to the third one. It was about the images. So once we are done with the US Images, we plan to move on to the storefront. And Britney said that I sent some examples in August. The question was, are there any storefronts with only a few SKUs we should look at? Because those examples that I sent, they had many products

Speaker B: and they had things like best sellers and that just sort of seemed.

Speaker C: Yeah, you know what, Brittany? I also sent two videos I can. Do you remember? Two videos that I sent in along with that email? Okay.

Speaker B: I have that video that, you know. Yeah.

Speaker C: Right. And in those videos, I discussed the concepts. So it's not necessarily we have to copy everything that they have done, but it's more about the concept that how the homepage should be designed and then how the sub pages should be designed. So, yeah, it's totally up to us how we design ours.

Speaker B: Okay. I guess my main question there was do you think we need something like a best seller section or can we just do, like, follow our website format where it's crunchy beanstalks, variety packs, oil.

Speaker C: Well, we could do that. Best sellers, probably that. Will that draw some attention? If we mention that on the homepage, maybe that will drive some traffic to the product pages. But the main focus of the homepage is to showcase our product line. Right. And then not talk about specific products on that homepage. When they click on each of those blocks, they can. That may lead to the sub pages where they can see what those specific products. Products are about.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: And again, because, yeah, it's not like we want it very simple, but like you're saying. So if you. So how we kind of did our website, we have the collections pages, right. So because we're trying to differentiate across the different types of collections or occasions of the snacks, we have variety packs, we have protein snack mixes, and then we have crunchy bean snacks, which are basically singular ingredients. Only chickpeas, only fava beans, like that. But then we do on Our homepage have a very like right at the top. Bestsellers just because or new. If something was new. New and bestsellers are always like, like, you know, show him always like the number one way to sell something online. So what I hear you saying is our homepage, it would be great to hierarchy that way where there's like a bestseller. Maybe you start with the Variety pack bestseller, then protein snack mix, new or something, I don't know. And then you have your core Crunchy Bean. But for now we'll focus on the three types of pages, which is Variety pack on the go, Protein Snack mixes, and then our Crunchy Bean snacks, which would have anything if we have fava, beans, chickpeas, lentils all together like that. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And then show him for this. And maybe this is in the videos of what you get. Brittany. But is the home page these different pages on the homepage, is it the same treatment as the A plus content where you have different modules for mobile desktop? Like is there a wireframe or templates?

Speaker C: Yeah. And it's much more complicated than the A plus content. So it would be better if our graphic designer also has access to the backend because there are so many different types of blocks and templates to play around, play with.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, Brittany. So that's likely something you should set up with Lindsay to take a look in the back end or if you guys have to have a call with show home just to walk the videos that he sent or whatever. Just make sure she has visibility in and then we need to brief her properly because I just want to avoid rework or tons of back and forth. Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay, so moving on to the next one. It was about the reporting dashboard. The question was about when is it updated and if it is updated to the previous Sunday. So we have discussed this a few times. And the dashboard is updated every Tuesday by the end of the day. So the. And the data reflects through the previous Sunday. So if you allow us till the, until the end of the day every Tuesday to complete the update, you will be able to see the updated data on Wednesday. Does that.

Speaker B: So you're saying if we are. The data that we're looking at today.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker B: Reflects February 16th year to date.

Speaker C: Right? February 15th.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So this previous Sunday. So there's. There's basically only a three day gap.

Speaker C: That's right.

Speaker B: On what we look at.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. That's just what we wanted to get clarity on. Okay.

Speaker C: All right, so the next one was. Next one was about the data, the sales and traffic data that I discussed with Brittany in our last meeting and she wanted me to walk you through the same data on this meeting.

Speaker B: Okay. Which again is more just. And I was even in the back end looking this morning because I just want like a really high level look at what's the website sessions and sales doing and then just peg. What are the drivers of that basically.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker B: So yeah, it shouldn't be too much. It shouldn't be a very simple visual.

Speaker C: Yeah, sure. I will walk you through some, the business report first and also some campaigns and also some third party data. All right, let me share my screen. Okay, so right now. Sorry. Yeah. So this is the business report sales and traffic with business sales and traffic data. So we are now looking at the data starting from the last week of December until 16th of February. And here in this chart, the green one is the total number of orders that were placed and the purple one is the number of sessions. You can see the sessions. It's similar to page views. There's some difference, but it's similar to the page views. Now if you look at this data, after December there was a jump right from the 1st of January and I think that was natural because the demand goes up in January. But then after the 16th, in fact from the 17th of January, you see there has been an increase in the traffic and also the number of orders that are placed. And that was almost consistent. There was a lift towards the end of January and after that I believe the decreases because the new sku, the Prudent Snack Mixes was out of stock. But it has remained more or less consistent since then.

Speaker B: So can you identify with that show Home? Because this is just at the end of the day we have that TV campaign going on. The only. And when you spend on awareness like that, the only way that I can get any early insider gut feel is what's going on on my website traffic or my Amazon traffic or what's going on. And can we assume any of that due to people seeing the commercial basically? Right, right. I'm making a strong assumption that for sure it's contributing here. I definitely agree with you on this. Around February 6th there where we see the dip, it was likely more due to out of stocks than anything else. But when did you start spending a little bit more too? And do you think, did we have any promotions here in January?

Speaker C: No. I'll walk you through those. No.

Speaker B: Okay, so there's no promotions. There's only. So that's actually good because now I don't have a lot of variables. And then January, you did Start spending a little bit more like that, but not significant.

Speaker C: Let me walk you through that. Yes, we started spending close to 20%. Um, I don't remember the exact date, but I'll walk you through the new campaigns.

Speaker B: I think it was the 17th. Like it was two days before. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: So, so 17th was one, it's one day. And then 19th is when we started our TV campaigns.

Speaker A: Right,

Speaker C: 19th of January.

Speaker B: Yeah, right, yeah.

Speaker C: So here's what happened on our end. Now we are looking at advertise advertising data. Here we are looking at the data starting from January 1st to January, February 17th. And the bars, the light purple bars, those are number of impressions. So if you now look at January 17th, this is where you will see a jump right from the average number of impressions. There was a jump from January 17,

Speaker A: which

Speaker C: remain consistent or increased slightly until the end of January. And there was again a jump towards the end of January.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: And then it dipped and then it remained consistent. So this is what we can see in terms of the number of impressions. Now let me walk you through what we did on our end. So on January 16th, by the end of the day we launched three new campaigns and we relaunched one old campaign. And the number of impression that jumped here is because of that, those four campaigns primarily. And these are the four campaigns, for example, this one is, you can see it started getting impressions from the 17th. Similarly, you will see here also started getting impressions from the 16th or 17th. So these are the campaigns that we launched, four of them that started getting. Even though you see the date range is starting from January 1st, by the way, the data starts from January 18th because that's when we started these campaigns. So anyway, these are the, these are contributing towards this increasing number of impressions. Now what happened here? Yeah, here we have this campaign. This is something we have been running for a long time. I'm not sure what happened exactly around this time, but the cure snacks. Give me one second here. The keyword snacks started getting a lot of vibrations, just the word snacks around this time. I could filter that and show you exactly what it got. But it's just because of that one keyword or two keywords actually snack and gluten free snacks. So, and then again it started, there was a dip after that. Now this is our advertising. Now let me one more indication or one more indicator of whether the TV campaigns are driving the awareness is helping our branded searches or the demand on Amazon is the branded searches. So this is, this is. We're looking at one year worth of search volume for the QR3 Farmer on Amazon, you will see that there was a sharp dip in December towards the end of the. Actually, it started after mid October and it was really, really low towards the end of December. Then we started recovering from that and now we see an increase which is, by the way, higher than what we had last year. In January, you'll see it's now 5,300. Last year, January was. The peak was 2000 something in that range. Oh, sorry, that's 2023. I'm sorry about that. So, yeah, 2400 ish in that range, 3000.

Speaker B: And what is it now?

Speaker C: It's now 5400.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Compared to previous January. Yes. But if you also look at the previous year, this is not the highest number we had. We had averaged almost 4,500 searches even in July, August, September, as you can see here. So, yes, it has increased in the.

Speaker B: No wonder.

Speaker C: Last month or month and a half. I'm not sure what exactly you can conclude from this.

Speaker B: I wonder when we launch into. Yeah, the launch. That's what I was going to say.

Speaker A: Costco.

Speaker B: So I wonder if people are price checking Costco. Well, I think it's actually when we launched the 18 pack last summer on Amazon, we didn't have it before last summer. The first time that item was available was June 25th. Mm. So that could be show home. Where. And again, honestly, what I've learned too just there is, there is seasonality to this item, especially this, like January to March and back to summer. June, July, August, September. Like, those are like definite like spikes where we need to lean into a lot. So this is super helpful because it is. It's very clear that it's contributing. Right. To the branded search terms. And so that's really good to know, especially because we haven't done any crazy promotions to create any of these spikes. Right. Like, our strategies are pretty streamlined through the month of January. There's not crazy differences.

Speaker C: Yes. Except for these new campaigns, which I'm not trying to draw any conclusion, but there is a correlation between the number of impressions that we can see here and the overall traffic increase around the same time here. So, yeah, two things going on at the same time, which is why we are having difficulty drawing a conclusion.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay, that's super helpful. Thank you. Hari, did you want to slap up the dashboard there? Show home and maybe just review like the spending on the marketing there and stuff. And again, like our top three items right now. But actually, can you just tell me what's going on with the fava beans in The US selling really well the last three months. Is that just based on search like or.

Speaker C: We haven't done any crazy advertising. It's mostly branded traffic that we are advertising for.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah. So nothing crazy on our end. Nothing be.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. So yeah, please go ahead.

Speaker B: Oh you go ahead because I feel like there's something on my computer and I lost my bookmarks to the dashboard today for some reason. Might need someone to resend me the links.

Speaker C: All right, I'm going to share, share the link right now.

Speaker B: Yeah, thanks.

Speaker C: Okay, Here's the link to the Canadian, the Canadian dashboard.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay, let's see what's going on. So I am now. Oh okay. You can see my screen. So in February, let's read two months, January and February. So in January in Canada we did close to 54,000 and we spent $11,689 on ads which is 22%. And in February until the last Sunday which is the 15th we did 31,000 and we spent $6,300 which is 20% of the revenue. This is the big picture now in terms of the individual products. Let me walk you through the major ones. So In January the 30 count one the snack to go it did 507 units which is 4000 plus dollar. And this month in the first 15 days we did $2900 which is 282 units. Let's talk. What, sorry. Okay, let's talk about the 18 pack one. In January we sold 999 units and in which is 23,000 plus dollar. And this month in the first 15 days we have done 590 which at this rate 28 days. So going to do about 1100 units this month.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: This one by the way is out of stock right now. I know we are planning to ship it. Yeah, quantity but it's out of stock. And apart from that it's Camlina oil that we could look at other products are not that significant so we can ignore them for this discussion. Camelina in January did 103 units which is you can see dropped from what we used to do towards the end of the year I believe the last six months up 2025. If you compare with those then January was slow. Even February is slow. So this is how it is in Canada.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: We are on target in terms of ad spend for Canada for everything.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Okay. And the majority. And where do I see those show homes. So of that ad spend though how. Where do I see the breakdown of how much you're spending per like Item where the majority of those dollars, I guess that's just right in the spend amount. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. For example.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: It will not always be accurate because you know here what we can do, this is our like anybody's capability. No one can allocate all of that spend part product. So you can see most of the spend here. But do know that there's one more ad type called sponsored brand at type that cannot be allocated to specific product. Product. So. Okay.

Speaker B: And can you just go to the snack mix for a second mix?

Speaker C: Oh yeah, I forgot to discuss that one. Just this one here. So in January we did 99 units, but that's including the 30 units.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: And this month so far we have done 42. But one thing to keep in mind is this, is this has been out of stock. So this is selling despite the delivery date. I mean most of the products are still inbound. So despite that, we are selling some units and I think it will pick up, start picking up once everything's available at Amazon.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah. And we have started advertising this one too. Not too much because we don't have stock that much stock. So. Yeah, that's no use.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Oh, one more thing is the 5 liter one, so far we haven't been advertising, but given its performance, I was thinking it's probably worth a try to advertise it alongside 500 into 202 Camel. Now I'll ask you to see if we can see any lift.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yes. He's sending 20 bag in a box in. So. Yeah, yeah. Ideally we pushed. We'll see. They seem to be a little bit trigger cautious on the 5 liter due to just some labeling issues. But I thought those issues to me have been rectified. So I'm just asking him to push up Cadence.

Speaker C: So.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: All right, now moving on to the US dashboard, I'm going to send you the link. All right now. Not this one, sorry. Okay, so in the US let's look at what we did in January and also February. In January it's actually doing better without even spending that much. So January. Yeah, yeah. Compared to even last January. So we did about $9,500 US dollar. This is US dollar and we spent 943, which is exactly 10% or slightly below that and also February so far. By that, I mean till 15th of February we did $4,700 worth of sales and we spent 448, which is again below our what we are allowed to spend. So this is the situation in the US and you'd probably like to see the fava and also what we are doing overall for the most important ones. So Camelin oil, this is another one that is. That has been consistently doing better compared to the last year. It actually started happening in July last year.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Is it like Cameron oil does better towards the last half of the year?

Speaker B: Yeah, actually that is very common, like through the summer and then like Christmas time. Those, like November is usually a high time for.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Well, January is actually a lot better compared to the last January and even February. This is very impressive actually.

Speaker B: Yeah. Because this is consistent what we see on Shopify. Right, Brittany? Yeah. Or Camelina. Very. Yeah. Especially, I mean, Cameline is different, obviously in Shopify because we have those sales that are like March and then usually out of Black Friday sales. So it's. It's so much harder, I think, to find like a true baseline because I find people are just stocking up and then it's really slow after those.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: But obviously.

Speaker C: Okay, so the thing is, we're going to do close to 60 units in February, which never happened before.

Speaker A: Yeah,

Speaker C: yeah, we are. We are spending a tiny bit on this really ignorable amount on this product. But this is promising. Maybe you should just. If this keeps on happening, we can probably have another discussion if we should do something about camelin in the U.S. but for now, let's just keep observing. Okay, so now about the. I believe this is a 30 count.

Speaker B: Yeah. Right.

Speaker C: So in January we did 87 units, which is again compared to the. Compared to last year, I think. Last year we had buy box, not buy box issues. We had some kind of index indexing issues which we fixed. And after that it started doing better from April. So it's consistently doing something in that range. February looks like it's a little bit slower compared to January. And we are. We're not spending much at all. We are. I mean, this is again below even 10% now. Moving on. Sorry. Yes, this is the fava. So let's look at Fava. It has started doing better since July last year. The year ended really strong and January is even doing better than what we did towards the end of the year. Naturally it should, but it's doing great. And February is a little bit slower again, but still doing good. And in terms of ad spend, we are still staying close to 10%. And this is. Every product is doing better. If you notice, even this is doing better. This is a chickpeas.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: And all of these products are discontinued. So let me just scroll down 18 count here. January Was really strong. Stronger than any month before. Before that. February is doing as good as January and yeah, the spend is close to 10% here. In February it's 13% so far. And protein snack mixes, did we send pruning snack mixes there?

Speaker B: We didn't set them up into the US Right now I do have just a pegged agenda just to talk about it because again, it's just more like the majority of our ASINs are not really profitable in the US just to all the shipping and everything like into the US So right now we kind of have these in there as it's really the only way somebody can access our brand is on Amazon. The US we don't have a lot of regions saturated so we keep it on with low spend. But there was some recent discussion about if we tackle the US a few more regions we likely would lead with the snack mix. So I just said, hey, what price would we have to put them out in the US and it might be worth just getting some early insights and reviews and whatever if we want to do that. So I have a request in and more info to come on whether we activate that in the U.S. yeah, right.

Speaker C: Okay. So this is how we are doing in both marketplaces.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Awesome. Any. Anything that you would like to discuss from these?

Speaker B: No. When is our next. How did are our vine reviews all in Show Home? Is that done?

Speaker C: Most of them are in. Let me just check.

Speaker B: We have 19 reviews right now. But we sent out 30 kits, didn't we? So does that just take time? Like when you send that out, it's a guarantee that everybody reviews, right?

Speaker C: No, not everybody will guarantee review us. So on average maybe 20 some in some cases 25.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Never will never get 30. All 30.

Speaker B: Okay. So maybe they're still coming. Okay. So just in terms of action items forward. So Brittany, you will connect with Lindsey and with Show Home as required just to understand the modules and the back end for just starting up the store. So we need a homepage which that's the page that would call out bestsellers or in order of products and brand. And then we need a crunchy bean snack an on the go and a protein snack mix and we'll talk about. So we've just decided we will set up a new item for Canada regarding the fava bean pack. But we still have like two months inventory of the current current one. So we would have to draw that down pretty significantly before we put another one out. So we have time on that and the lentils will sell out and then

Speaker A: they're Done

Speaker B: any just love. Like it always shocks me that they don't. Their lentils are just so good. Yeah, it's kind of the same. Like it's again just at the end of the day the lowest selling item and they're too expensive to carry. Like to produce and to keep stock and to run. And it's like have to put all of our forces behind the volume drivers to get some efficiency. Right. So I'm happy we held on to the barbecue lentils and maybe we decide to put a three pack of barbecue on or we do something with that snacks to go that maybe there's some sort of lentil thing that morphs over there. So that's kind of my hesitation. Like it's easy enough to put a three pack of barbecue lentils on Amazon, but I just kind of want to get clarity on how do we think in future we look at this 30 by 15 gram that's being cannibalized? Do we reposition it somehow? Do we launch another type of variety pack? Is there like a different size? So I just want to have that conversation internally before bringing back to show home for his input.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Awesome.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Thank you very much. When are you back in Canada?

Speaker C: I am back towards the end of this. End of March. March 29th is my end of March.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: That's great.

Speaker C: I do have a request, by the way, about the Google review for our business.

Speaker B: Yes. We have not done that, have we?

Speaker C: It's fine. I mean you can just search for our name on Google. It will pop up on the right and then you can leave everything from there.

Speaker B: Yeah, we'll get that done. Show home.

Speaker C: All right. Thank you so much.

Speaker B: Thank you. Good chat. Later.

Speaker A: Yeah, thank you.

Speaker B: Have a good day, guys.

Speaker C: You too.

Speaker B: Bye.

Speaker C: Bye.

