Transcript for: Recording__1262.mp4
Title: Recording #1262
============================================================

Lots of our groceries chains and stuff. I'd like to just understand what that could look like if we wanted to ramp up faster on snack mixes online and even just overall revenues on Amazon. Ca. Right. So in terms. So the question is, is the question more about what we need to do right now for potent snack mixes to boost it? Yeah, sort of. What would that strategy look like? Like, and I know sort of in the past, he said, hey, a little more advertising dollars. Like, yeah, okay, great. So if we want to ramp up, ramp up volumes behind the 18, 28 gram and the snack mix, like, now that we have this new innovation, on what realistically can we start trending to in what timeline? Right, That's a good question. And of course, I cannot guess. I mean, it will be very difficult to guess how much, how much we can, how many we can sell accurately. Right. But let's say if we end up spending close to 30% on the 14 snack mixes and also participate in promos every month for that one, specifically that one, I mean, we can do it on 18 pack as well. But of course, for the prudent snack mixes, I want to say something close to 800 units a month in. By September. By September end. Let's say we can aim to do 800 units a month for this SKU. And you're saying if we could. If we could do 800 units a month by September on the snack mixes specifically, you're saying the only thing you would do is just up the promo activity and the spend. Okay, and what spend are you asking for here? I'm just looking. I don't know if you want to bring up the dashboard and just go over what you're spending right now. Yeah, it's at 22%, but let me. That's what I remember. But let's see. Yeah. Okay, so protein snack mixes here, it's at 22%. That's right. So we're spending close to 22%, which is almost $2,600 a month right now. But if we ramp this up to 30%, and this is a very good number for a product that is just being launched. So if we can ramp this up to 30%, that would definitely help. Yeah, yeah. And when you say. And, well, let's talk about spend on the items first, and then let's jump over to the promo calendar plan just to make sure that we're all realigned on that. So, so when you're saying 20 or 30, you're saying specifically behind the snack mix right now, not overall business 30%. No. And what are you spending on the snacks to go 15? Yeah, it's 15%. And this one did really well this month, which is why, because of the promo, which is why we could, we didn't have to spend that much on ads for this product. But the amount is, you can see it's almost similar for the last few months. Right. And another one is a 30 pack and the spend is again around 18% this month in March, I mean last month. So yeah, we are overall close to 17%. We in March it was close to 17%. We can, even if we ramp up the spend on the protein snack mixes to let's say 30%, maybe it will go up, we can do that math. But it will go up to 22%, something around that for the overall account. Okay, so you're saying it's going to average up to 22% overall business. That's just estimate, but we can do that math. So if, let's see. Or even just kind of saying like, hey, if I approve overall business at 25%, that still allows you to ramp up ad dollars on the snack mix specifically and continue working on those high, the variety packs. Yeah sure, that helps. But I mean would you want to go up to 25% for the overall account? Yeah, I guess so. This, this is what I want. My objectives are I want to move as quickly as possible to get this business to a hundred thousand dollars a month and in a sustained, maintainable way. I don't want to just say let's just put everything on promo for like in the proper, like towards a profitable path. Right? Like where it's like, I don't want to just put everything on promo for two months and then boom, we hit a hundred thousand for a month. And then all of a sudden it starts going like this because we don't continue doing that strategy. Right. So overall I'd love to get this business to a hundred thousand dollars a month. The things that it has now it has a brand new innovation, snack mixes. This account, which is very on trend. And this is the first place a lot of consumers in Canada can buy this product. So it's, it's positioned very well to be a hot seller on Amazon, I think if we market it properly. Secondly, the variety pack has really good momentum. And even the 30 times 15 gram, like, even to sell 300 units a month like it, that's fine. It's contributing in a big way. It's a high value, it's a high price point. Right. Like it's contributing A good revenue number. So those still still have those. So, yeah, I'm just, I would like to start towards a run rate of a hundred thousand dollars a month within the items that we have. But it needs to be a sustainable way of building it too. It can't just be like, like I said, just put it on promo and sell it on a discount. Definitely not. There should be a purpose behind putting it on promo. Right. It's not just giving a discount. If there's, There are other benefits such as ranking boost, that's when we should do it. Yeah. Now one thing to mention here is we just have six months to achieve whatever we want to achieve. If you want to hit 100,000 by, let's say, September, in six months after that it'll start declining. Right. And you're just saying because, Because November, December are our softest months is what you're saying. Yes. October is also slower compared to September. And I mean, at least it was the case last year. So I'm going to assume that the last three months, the October, November, December will be slower, especially November and December. So. And why do you think October was slower? That's weird. Again. So, and the other thing is here, there is definitely more seasonality in the variety packs. These snack mixes should help with that significant decline. They should help stabilize some of those months for us. That's. Yeah, December will be slow for sure. This is, I mean, yeah, but maybe like to Alicia's point, like the protein snack mixes are the only product that I would think about for December. Like charcuterie boards, like setting them out like, like parties besides chocolate, we finally have like a party product. Okay, well, let's see what happens. I, of course, I don't have any control over how that works. Right. So let's see how that works this time and we'll know if there's a, there's an effect of seasonality on that one to a similar extent. Or not. Yeah. And so question for you. How do you become an Amazon's Choice? Like right now, Snack mixes is an Amazon's Choice. Well, Amazon's choice is. It's not Amazon's Choice for everything. Anything that people search for, what you are looking at, you have probably searched with a specific keyword and then you are seeing that it's Amazon. It has an Amazon's Choice badge. Now if you. But that badge is for just the keyword that you have searched for. What that means is for the keyword that you have searched for. That's the, that's the one that's doing the best, that's probably selling the most, is also reasonably priced, has good reviews, all of these combined. Amazon is giving it that badge for just that keyword. Now it can win the same badge for different keywords, of course. And there's another badge called bestseller Badge that's more for the subcategory. Okay, so bestseller. So how do you get that? Well, you have to do the best in the subcategory. Yeah. So how do we do that? And this is kind of, this is the, this is the vision show home too. Because I, I believe if, if we are going to be the best in something on Amazon, it's going to be with the snack mixes. It has good reviews, it's a high trend. It's literally a protein snack mix. Like it's trending properly. It has the right keywords in it. So if I were to say to you, show home, I want to be a best seller snack with this snack mix, how do we get that done? Well, okay, so just winning that badge doesn't mean much for us. Our purpose is to see how we can scale the product and hit our objectives. So right now your objective is to see how we can hit 100,000amonth. Right. So that's in the short term. And then if we keep working on these, maybe at some point in the future we'll win that badge and we'll be the bestseller, number one bestseller in protein snack mix category on Amazon. It's a process. Yeah. And that's kind of what I'm looking for is I want the tactical things that need to happen in order to get the best seller batch. Because I know if I have the best seller badge Amazon is recognizing as the best seller. I'm contributing revenue wise. I'm meeting high targets internally, externally, and, and the reason. So I had a really good conversation. We know the founder of one of the founders of Good Protein, that shake. Yeah. And he literally said they're one of their flavors of the shake. That was one of their objectives early on with Amazon was get the best selling protein shake. That was like, that was like the objective. And then behind that it was building. Okay, so if that's what we want, then what does that mean in terms of, you know, what are we going to do in marketing? What are we going to do in promotions? What's it going to cost us per month? How long is it going to take? Who is the enemy? Who is the competition? What are those categories? And so it would just be, I have some strategic meetings coming up in June. Show home with our leadership team. And what I'm looking to do is kind of say, hey, if we are going to diversify, currently in our business, E commerce has been an opportunistic channel. We did not launch our business on E Commerce. Right. So and that's what good protein did. They launched on E Commerce. Now they're trying to go into grocery with the success and the ratings that they have on E Commerce and then their pricing curve, they're filling all feeling. But basically I know the question is going to be asked in our strategy sessions is saying hey, $20 million business, how are we going to get to 50? What channels can contribute to that growth rate and how fast can they do it and what's it going to cost? So if I were to look at E Commerce, which Amazon CA is my primary engine of my entire E commerce business, okay, that's where I'm kind of saying hey, if I wanted to take E commerce from, so Amazon ca, like what are we going to do on Amazon CA this year, Brittany? Like 800,000. Was that the forecast? So, so say if Amazon, the goal was like a million. Okay. So right now we're forecasting and this forecast I think is soft show home that number, 600,000. So say if I were to say, hey, let's try and do a million this year on Amazon ca, I think we have the right products to do it. Maybe giving a bit more budget, a bit more promotion. And now what I'm planning into next year is if I want to move Amazon or my E commerce business overall, whatever from 1 million to 5 million. What does that mean? Right? Like, and, and I don't want to just throw a bunch new products. I want volume and efficiencies behind this item. Right. So that's kind of where I'm trying to. And what do we test now? Right? So like what do we, what can we test now in the next six months? You know, up our spend to 25 overall business, put a good 30 behind the snack mixes, get our reviews going, try some new promotions, move to 800, right. And then we're like okay, well I could move to 800 units in three months time. You know, if I just accelerate that a little bit more. Can I move to a thousand in a month? Like just trying to put that strategy together. Yeah, well I don't want to make it sound like it's just about putting more money behind ads. Of course there are strategies. One of the things that I want to talk about, not much in details, but off Amazon traffic also helps if we really want to make this product our focus. What can we do to drive as much of Amazon traffic we can to this listing is another thing you have to think about. Okay. And how, what types of things are used for Amazon? Is that Amazon, is that streaming, is that like. Well, I know you were really thinking about TV ads prime probably. Yeah. But it can be anything, right? So it could be even from social media, it could be from your email marketing, it could be from TikTok. If we do that, it could be from TV ads as well. The bottom line is it should be some off Amazon support. Okay, yeah, that's a big one. And then so maybe just for our next meeting, show home, just think on that. And if you could just come even just that, what with that one pager. So if we're saying if, you know, if that's what we want to do and I'm not saying we need to move from 1 million to 5 million in one year, maybe that's a, maybe that's a two year plan. Right. Like it's just more. What are those tactical things? So what is within our control, within Amazon to really push and then what are those out of Amazon marketing dollars you're asking for? And because what you're saying is on Amazon this is what I can do, it's just going to take longer because you don't have additional traffic dollars driving to it. Right. So I can do it, but it's just going to take longer. And making sure that there's no quality issues with the product and we have the right products and all of that. It's the same at grocery. Like I can go to my sales team and say move this account from a $300,000 account to a million dollar account and they're going to say okay, great, I can do that with my trade dollars in three years time. But unless you're giving me something else marketing, I can only do so much at store. Right. So yeah, just think on those things. I just, yeah, I just kind of have that goal. I think this snack mix is a winning item. I think it's one of the first on Amazon. It's one of the first in the category in Canada. So we have an opportunity here to drive behind this and maybe go for that, I don't know, some sort of best sellers badge or some sort of winning item. Yeah, yeah, I get the idea. I'll give it a thought and perhaps talk about it again in two weeks. Okay. But then in the meantime, if you want in the immediate, I'm totally fine to Move to more spend behind the snack mix. Sure. Yeah, I'll do that for sure. I'll take that budget. Thank you so much. Yeah. Okay. I was gonna say that I'm like Show Home. I thought you'd be happier. I am happier, of course. Just managing expectations at the same time. Yeah. I don't know if. Brittany, did you want to just show him a quick snapshot of the storefront where you're at with the creative on the storefront? Yes, I'll send him. I'm just driving to that appointment right now, but I will send him a. Show him. I'll send you the PDF. So we're working with the same packaging agency who worked obviously on the website and the packaging to do the Amazon storefront. So we have a pretty good. We're hoping to wrap up by Thursday. Alicia actually just messaged you one copy question they had and Show Home. You can weigh into if they would like us to say roasted, never fried on the Crunchy Bean snacks or Big Crunch, big flavor. It's such a tough. I'm sure Show Home. You see the feel the same thing when you're writing copy because so many of our products are the same. Right. You're having. You could say this about any of them. So it's really. What copy do you want to put forward for each. Yeah, there it is. So this. This is the. This is the version, the layout that we're going with Show Home. So we gave that case study at the. Of that pure protein and what. And it was more just about the blocks. Right. So we'll have. This is just the storefront. And then they'll do. The collections pages after that are a little more brief. We're just working on. We just want this banner to work a little bit harder. So that's what Brittany's sort of talking about is making sure this banner has pack and taste and protein and fiber in it. So this. This creative on this first banner has not been approved, but the layout has been approved. So there'll be some sort of big home banner up here. Then you'll have your protein snack mix that you can shop, your Crunchy Bean snacks that you can shop. We're going to change the order so that it's protein snack mix and variety pack on the go first. And then it'll be Crunchy Bean Snacks, Camelina Oil, then some of this, and then a little bit more of just origin story. So this is to show you that this is the page layout. Right. And what you want me to do is to give you My feedback on about the banner and if the format is okay, but if the content. I have any input about the content or not. That's what you want from me. Yeah. So right now how we're likely, we're positioning it around, there's lots of call out for the protein, the fiber, the actual product. So if there's just any words that you think really need to be in here on the titles or something, we were going to change this to there'll be a big protein and fiber call out on the banner. But we were just going to change this to our benefit statement, which is good for you. Great tasting. Snacks homebound by Canadian farmers because protein is mentioned. Protein snack mix, Crunchy bean snacks on the go. Camelina oil. But yeah, if there's any keywords that are missing. Got it. And how about the individual pages? So for example, if someone clicks on potent snack mixes, does it go directly to the Amazon listing or do we have a sub page on the storefront? Okay, so that's next project. So they're just doing the homepage and then they were going to do the what we guys, we call the collections pages. So the banner up top here will be like all of our sellers and then it will say Crunchy Bean snacks. And within that, so say if they hit protein snack mix, there'll be like another. It'll go to our store collections page and then there'll be like a banner that shows the snack mix collection visual. And then underneath that each snack mix, which is only one because we only have one. So then you'll be able to click directly into the product page. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So that's sort of the journey. Got it. Okay, so that's an update that should be done in the next few weeks, but then there'll definitely be some conversation with you because they'll need to understand desktop versus mobile and all of that. Yes, and, and also one, we have one particular. We have background videos on Amazon storefront that you can use that keeps on playing in loops and it doesn't have any audio. Is that something we have considered to incorporate in the storefront? Not in this one. Right now we're just. Okay, sorry, go ahead, Brittany. Oh, sorry, sorry. Not on the homepage. Yes, sorry, I didn't hear the end of your question. But yes, we chatted about Lindsay. Once we get through the US that's on my list that once Lindsay gets through the US then we're going to go back to those videos. Awesome. Okay. Okay, so that's update there. Okay, so. And Then just before we sort of jump off here in terms of just the, the reporting, the marketing spend, the dollars, are there any big wins you want to highlight, show home or challenges that you're having on that end with either.ca or.com? well, wins we can look at the dashboard and I think you have already done that. Yeah. So I don't see anything but. Yeah, just on your end. I know that buy box is still an issue on these variety packs. Honestly, I'm just. Yeah, that's totally an issue. But in terms of, you know, revenue, if you compare it with the last year March, it's up and it's not even. It doesn't have two days of data. So it will be even higher than 73,000 in March. Probably it will be close to 95%. So almost double compared to even last March. And I think we did way better even last March compared to 2024 March. So we are, we are, we are doing something good here. So that's. Yes. And meanwhile, we've rationalized our offerings. Yes. Like there's less offerings. Right. So more. It's a way more efficient business. Yes. Right now in terms of the focusing, the, the spend and the dollars. So that's very good. And us, do we have the. Any issues in the US Right now? I know we're sort of just kind of maintaining that business. We're just maintaining it. Nothing else going on. Yeah. Okay. So the focus is on Canada in terms of issues. Yes. Buy box for the variety. I mean, these variety packs. It's an issue. Yeah. And. And you know, one more thing we could think about. I know we don't want to launch a bunch of new products, but is there any other opportunity that we could take advantage of? That's what you mean. For a new product. So I did talk about this with Brittany yesterday. We have this product that we use seasonally in grocery and the reason we didn't put it on. Let me just find. Where would I find this product so I can show you an image. We did not put it online because it was seasonal and it's like a multi pack. Where's images here? What the hell is going on here? Sales resources. So out of. So we have that Costco variety pack or, sorry, the E. Comm variety pack that has dill pickle sweet chili and then a barbecue chickpea in it. And so this pack item that we have that we use mostly for back to school, we do a lot of like in and out with retailers with it. It's a five pack. It's a smaller pack of one flavor. So at retail it sells for like eight to ten dollars. And we put it in usually around back to school or January and it goes really well and then it doesn't. It's not like a permanent grocery item. Got it. So this was something I talked to Brittany the other day. I was like, is this something. The hard thing is it's, it's every flavor. Like I have the variety pack which is 18 times 28. And then I have these smaller five packs. I have one in dill pickle, one in sweet chili and one in barbecue chickpea. So it's the exact same flavors as the variety pack. It's just a different format. Yeah, I see that. Yeah. So this was something where I was like, I don't know, maybe we just put the dill pickle up because it's our top selling flavor and because we literally don't even have a dill pickle fava offering right now. It's a sea salt in the fava variety. This is our top selling flavor in the entire country is a dill pickle fava. And we make it like a, like a, even just a three pack or a five pack of these. So it's 15 or 25 units of just dill pickle single serve. And so you have your variety pack, if they want variety 18 times 28. But then you just have your like dill pickle flavor. So that was something I did think about where it's, it's could be created. Right. But yeah, that, that was just a thought I had. So. And again in these June meetings I'm having, yeah, I'm really trying to think about what is that the. Because that would be part of that discussion show home. Like when we're thinking forward looking like okay, e commerce, let's take a E commerce million dollars. So E commerce for us includes three things mostly right now. Amazon, which is dot ca and dot com, even though dot com is not the biggest contributor. So Amazon, Costco, ca, which is really fixed to Costco and then our Shopify channel, which again we don't put a lot of spend there. So when I look at total e commerce business, it's about a million dollars. The majority of that is Amazon ca, that's like our biggest engine. So that's where I was looking at strategically what do with the largest engine because the other two are very. Just opportunistic. Like we're not spending a lot of money there. And so. Yeah, and that's. So one part of it is if we're going to move from 1 million to 5 million, it's product assortment. Right. Like on these different channels or on Amazon. What is the product assortment, what is the pricing and how does that work with the rest of the market or the rest of the channels? What is the promotional strategy and, and all of that. Right. So product assortment, I understand, is very, very important to this channel. And so that could be one of my suggestions and saying, hey, if we want to move from 1 to 5 million, we're going to need a unique Amazon SKU. It's going to be. Amazon's going to get its own variety pack of snack mixes. I don't know, something like that. Okay, I get the idea. Well, that's definitely something. And you asked me about issues, right? Challenges. Yeah, I, I think I read a post on LinkedIn about Costco Roadshow that's coming up for Putin snack mixes and that will eventually be available at Costco stores. If the exact SKU is available there, we may have some buy box related challenges on Amazon. That's something I wanted to flag. Okay. Yeah. I don't necessarily see Costco being an issue. This Costco is a bulk bag. It's a different item. It's like this is Costco. So yeah, Costco is a bulk bag item. So I don't see Costco being the issue. The 18 pack, I see grocery eventually though, that's what I'm watching. Because this three pack of snack mixes, this three pack of snack mixes is. These are starting to be sold at retailers. These individual packs. It's the same pack. Just like our variety packs, right? Yeah, because this, our variety pack, this item, this is the Costco item and it's done. It'll do its third rotation in June, July, and we have not seen any issues on Amazon because literally it is only sold on Amazon and it is only sold sometimes at Costco. It's not on all the time. It's like January to March and then they bring it back June, July, August. That's basically when. So I feel like there's lower risk with this item. Also in 2027, I think that Costco is going to change the item. I think they're going to want a different flavor assortment in the same type of item. And then therefore you will have an exclusive variety pack on Amazon. Right? Okay. Yeah, but it's this one. It's this one I'm watching a bit. Right? Like, yeah, because this is the exact same. We have the issues with the fava beans, right. And the chickpeas. This is the same assortment, but we set it up a little bit differently. We used a master code upc. So yeah, this is the one to watch. But this is also. This is also selling for freaking like 9.49 a bag at Save on foods right now. Not cheap. Okay. Yeah, that's not going to be a problem then. If the pricing there is higher than Amazon. Right. Do you expect it to be lower than. Right now it's 27. So $9. Do you expect it to be lower than $9 at any of the retail stores? I expect it potentially 849. Like obviously when it's on promotion. Yes. Like if it's an 8.99 item at retail and it goes on promotion for 799, like that's going to happen sometimes, right? Yeah. That's when we may have some problem. Yeah. So just something to watch and learn because. Yeah, because you can see how operationally with Amazon, like even this. So if Costco is no longer ordering this item, if I was only selling 300 units a month on Amazon, there's nothing I can do with that. I can't inventory that item. Like inventory all three of these to only sell on Amazon. To sell 300 units a month, that's really hard to do. But by the time Costco switches out of this, say they go to a new flavor assortment. Doesn't matter. I'm selling 2,000 of these on Amazon a month. It makes sense to actually operate inventory it. Right. And yeah, so. So yeah, so that's kind of the. The hard game to play. So anyways. Okay. But yeah, that's that conversation. Yeah. All right. So my. On my part, what I'll do is I'll think about this conversation that we had and then prepare a plan or some suggestions in our next meeting. Yeah, yeah. Just kind of within that mind of hey, what can we start doing over the next six months? It could be kind of a testing, right? Like more promotions, add more ad dollars drive to this. What can we start doing over the next six months so that if we wanted to like hit it a little bit harder in 2027 to get to 2 million, can we do that? Right? Like let's. What does that look like that trajectory? Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Without having to throw a bunch of new items. Ideally it's with the items that we have. Got it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Awesome. All right, thanks show home. Well, enjoy the rest of your day chat. Thank you. Yeah. Have a nice day. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Lots of our groceries chains and stuff. I'd like to just understand what that could look like if we wanted to ramp up faster on snack mixes online and even just overall revenues on Amazon. Ca.

Speaker B: Right. So in terms. So the question is, is the question more about what we need to do right now for potent snack mixes to boost it?

Speaker A: Yeah, sort of. What would that strategy look like? Like, and I know sort of in the past, he said, hey, a little more advertising dollars. Like, yeah, okay, great. So if we want to ramp up, ramp up volumes behind the 18, 28 gram and the snack mix, like, now that we have this new innovation, on what realistically can we start trending to in what timeline?

Speaker B: Right, That's a good question. And of course, I cannot guess. I mean, it will be very difficult to guess how much, how much we can, how many we can sell accurately. Right. But let's say if we end up spending close to 30% on the 14 snack mixes and also participate in promos every month for that one, specifically that one, I mean, we can do it on 18 pack as well. But of course, for the prudent snack mixes, I want to say something close to 800 units a month in. By September. By September end. Let's say we can aim to do 800 units a month for this SKU.

Speaker A: And you're saying if we could. If we could do 800 units a month by September on the snack mixes specifically, you're saying the only thing you would do is just up the promo

Speaker B: activity and the spend.

Speaker A: Okay, and what spend are you asking for here? I'm just looking. I don't know if you want to bring up the dashboard and just go over what you're spending right now.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's at 22%, but let me. That's what I remember. But let's see.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so protein snack mixes here, it's at 22%. That's right. So we're spending close to 22%, which is almost $2,600 a month right now. But if we ramp this up to 30%, and this is a very good number for a product that is just being launched. So if we can ramp this up to 30%, that would definitely help. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: And when you say. And, well, let's talk about spend on the items first, and then let's jump over to the promo calendar plan just to make sure that we're all realigned on that. So, so when you're saying 20 or 30, you're saying specifically behind the snack mix right now, not overall business 30%.

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: And what are you spending on the snacks to go 15?

Speaker B: Yeah, it's 15%. And this one did really well this month, which is why, because of the promo, which is why we could, we didn't have to spend that much on ads for this product. But the amount is, you can see it's almost similar for the last few months.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: And another one is a 30 pack and the spend is again around 18% this month in March, I mean last month. So yeah, we are overall close to 17%. We in March it was close to 17%. We can, even if we ramp up the spend on the protein snack mixes to let's say 30%, maybe it will go up, we can do that math. But it will go up to 22%, something around that for the overall account.

Speaker A: Okay, so you're saying it's going to average up to 22% overall business.

Speaker B: That's just estimate, but we can do that math.

Speaker A: So

Speaker B: if, let's see.

Speaker A: Or even just kind of saying like, hey, if I approve overall business at 25%, that still allows you to ramp up ad dollars on the snack mix specifically and continue working on those high, the variety packs.

Speaker B: Yeah sure, that helps. But I mean would you want to go up to 25% for the overall account?

Speaker A: Yeah, I guess so. This, this is what I want. My objectives are I want to move as quickly as possible to get this business to a hundred thousand dollars a month and in a sustained, maintainable way. I don't want to just say let's just put everything on promo for like in the proper, like towards a profitable path. Right? Like where it's like, I don't want to just put everything on promo for two months and then boom, we hit a hundred thousand for a month. And then all of a sudden it starts going like this because we don't continue doing that strategy. Right. So overall I'd love to get this business to a hundred thousand dollars a month. The things that it has now it has a brand new innovation, snack mixes. This account, which is very on trend. And this is the first place a lot of consumers in Canada can buy this product. So it's, it's positioned very well to be a hot seller on Amazon, I think if we market it properly. Secondly, the variety pack has really good momentum. And even the 30 times 15 gram, like, even to sell 300 units a month like it, that's fine. It's contributing in a big way. It's a high value, it's a high price point. Right. Like it's contributing A good revenue number. So those still still have those. So, yeah, I'm just, I would like to start towards a run rate of a hundred thousand dollars a month within the items that we have. But it needs to be a sustainable way of building it too. It can't just be like, like I said, just put it on promo and sell it on a discount.

Speaker B: Definitely not. There should be a purpose behind putting it on promo. Right. It's not just giving a discount. If there's, There are other benefits such as ranking boost, that's when we should do it.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Now one thing to mention here is we just have six months to achieve whatever we want to achieve. If you want to hit 100,000 by, let's say, September, in six months after that it'll start declining. Right.

Speaker A: And you're just saying because, Because November, December are our softest months is what you're saying. Yes.

Speaker B: October is also slower compared to September. And I mean, at least it was the case last year. So I'm going to assume that the last three months, the October, November, December will be slower, especially November and December. So.

Speaker A: And why do you think October was slower? That's weird. Again. So, and the other thing is here, there is definitely more seasonality in the variety packs. These snack mixes should help with that significant decline. They should help stabilize some of those months for us.

Speaker B: That's.

Speaker A: Yeah,

Speaker B: December will be slow for sure. This is, I mean, yeah, but maybe

Speaker C: like to Alicia's point, like the protein snack mixes are the only product that I would think about for December. Like charcuterie boards, like setting them out like, like parties besides chocolate, we finally have like a party product.

Speaker B: Okay, well, let's see what happens. I, of course, I don't have any control over how that works. Right. So let's see how that works this time and we'll know if there's a, there's an effect of seasonality on that one to a similar extent. Or not.

Speaker A: Yeah. And so question for you. How do you become an Amazon's Choice? Like right now, Snack mixes is an Amazon's Choice.

Speaker B: Well, Amazon's choice is. It's not Amazon's Choice for everything. Anything that people search for, what you are looking at, you have probably searched with a specific keyword and then you are seeing that it's Amazon. It has an Amazon's Choice badge. Now if you. But that badge is for just the keyword that you have searched for. What that means is for the keyword that you have searched for. That's the, that's the one that's doing the best, that's probably selling the most, is also reasonably priced, has good reviews, all of these combined. Amazon is giving it that badge for just that keyword. Now it can win the same badge for different keywords, of course. And there's another badge called bestseller Badge that's more for the subcategory.

Speaker A: Okay, so bestseller. So how do you get that?

Speaker B: Well, you have to do the best in the subcategory.

Speaker A: Yeah. So how do we do that? And this is kind of, this is the, this is the vision show home too. Because I, I believe if, if we are going to be the best in something on Amazon, it's going to be with the snack mixes. It has good reviews, it's a high trend. It's literally a protein snack mix. Like it's trending properly. It has the right keywords in it. So if I were to say to you, show home, I want to be a best seller snack with this snack mix, how do we get that done?

Speaker B: Well, okay, so just winning that badge doesn't mean much for us. Our purpose is to see how we can scale the product and hit our objectives. So right now your objective is to see how we can hit 100,000amonth. Right. So that's in the short term. And then if we keep working on these, maybe at some point in the future we'll win that badge and we'll be the bestseller, number one bestseller in protein snack mix category on Amazon. It's a process.

Speaker A: Yeah. And that's kind of what I'm looking for is I want the tactical things that need to happen in order to get the best seller batch. Because I know if I have the best seller badge Amazon is recognizing as the best seller. I'm contributing revenue wise. I'm meeting high targets internally, externally, and, and the reason. So I had a really good conversation. We know the founder of one of the founders of Good Protein, that shake.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And he literally said they're one of their flavors of the shake. That was one of their objectives early on with Amazon was get the best selling protein shake. That was like, that was like the objective. And then behind that it was building. Okay, so if that's what we want, then what does that mean in terms of, you know, what are we going to do in marketing? What are we going to do in promotions? What's it going to cost us per month? How long is it going to take? Who is the enemy? Who is the competition? What are those categories? And so it would just be, I have some strategic meetings coming up in June. Show home with our leadership team. And what I'm looking to do is kind of say, hey, if we are going to diversify, currently in our business, E commerce has been an opportunistic channel. We did not launch our business on E Commerce. Right. So and that's what good protein did. They launched on E Commerce. Now they're trying to go into grocery with the success and the ratings that they have on E Commerce and then their pricing curve, they're filling all feeling. But basically I know the question is going to be asked in our strategy sessions is saying hey, $20 million business, how are we going to get to 50? What channels can contribute to that growth rate and how fast can they do it and what's it going to cost? So if I were to look at E Commerce, which Amazon CA is my primary engine of my entire E commerce business, okay, that's where I'm kind of saying hey, if I wanted to take E commerce from, so Amazon ca, like what are we going to do on Amazon CA this year, Brittany? Like 800,000. Was that the forecast? So, so say if Amazon, the goal

Speaker C: was like a million.

Speaker A: Okay. So right now we're forecasting and this forecast I think is soft show home that number, 600,000. So say if I were to say, hey, let's try and do a million this year on Amazon ca, I think we have the right products to do it. Maybe giving a bit more budget, a bit more promotion. And now what I'm planning into next year is if I want to move Amazon or my E commerce business overall, whatever from 1 million to 5 million. What does that mean? Right? Like, and, and I don't want to just throw a bunch new products. I want volume and efficiencies behind this item. Right. So that's kind of where I'm trying to. And what do we test now? Right? So like what do we, what can we test now in the next six months? You know, up our spend to 25 overall business, put a good 30 behind the snack mixes, get our reviews going, try some new promotions, move to 800, right. And then we're like okay, well I could move to 800 units in three months time. You know, if I just accelerate that a little bit more. Can I move to a thousand in a month? Like just trying to put that strategy together.

Speaker B: Yeah, well I don't want to make it sound like it's just about putting more money behind ads. Of course there are strategies. One of the things that I want to talk about, not much in details, but off Amazon traffic also helps if we really want to make this product our focus. What can we do to drive as much of Amazon traffic we can to this listing is another thing you have to think about.

Speaker A: Okay. And how, what types of things are used for Amazon? Is that Amazon, is that streaming, is that like.

Speaker B: Well, I know you were really thinking about TV ads prime probably.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: But it can be anything, right? So it could be even from social media, it could be from your email marketing, it could be from TikTok. If we do that, it could be from TV ads as well. The bottom line is it should be some off Amazon support. Okay, yeah, that's a big one.

Speaker A: And then so maybe just for our next meeting, show home, just think on that. And if you could just come even just that, what with that one pager. So if we're saying if, you know, if that's what we want to do and I'm not saying we need to move from 1 million to 5 million in one year, maybe that's a, maybe that's a two year plan. Right. Like it's just more. What are those tactical things? So what is within our control, within Amazon to really push and then what are those out of Amazon marketing dollars you're asking for? And because what you're saying is on Amazon this is what I can do, it's just going to take longer because you don't have additional traffic dollars driving to it. Right. So I can do it, but it's just going to take longer. And making sure that there's no quality issues with the product and we have the right products and all of that. It's the same at grocery. Like I can go to my sales team and say move this account from a $300,000 account to a million dollar account and they're going to say okay, great, I can do that with my trade dollars in three years time. But unless you're giving me something else marketing, I can only do so much at store. Right. So yeah, just think on those things. I just, yeah, I just kind of have that goal. I think this snack mix is a winning item. I think it's one of the first on Amazon. It's one of the first in the category in Canada. So we have an opportunity here to drive behind this and maybe go for that, I don't know, some sort of best sellers badge or some sort of winning item.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, I get the idea. I'll give it a thought and perhaps talk about it again in two weeks. Okay.

Speaker A: But then in the meantime, if you want in the immediate, I'm totally fine to Move to more spend behind the snack mix.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah, I'll do that for sure. I'll take that budget. Thank you so much.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: I was gonna say that I'm like Show Home. I thought you'd be happier.

Speaker B: I am happier, of course.

Speaker C: Just managing expectations at the same time.

Speaker A: Yeah. I don't know if. Brittany, did you want to just show him a quick snapshot of the storefront where you're at with the creative on the storefront?

Speaker C: Yes, I'll send him. I'm just driving to that appointment right now, but I will send him a. Show him. I'll send you the PDF. So we're working with the same packaging agency who worked obviously on the website and the packaging to do the Amazon storefront. So we have a pretty good. We're hoping to wrap up by Thursday. Alicia actually just messaged you one copy question they had and Show Home. You can weigh into if they would like us to say roasted, never fried on the Crunchy Bean snacks or Big Crunch, big flavor. It's such a tough. I'm sure Show Home. You see the feel the same thing when you're writing copy because so many of our products are the same. Right. You're having. You could say this about any of them. So it's really. What copy do you want to put forward for each. Yeah, there it is.

Speaker A: So this. This is the. This is the version, the layout that we're going with Show Home. So we gave that case study at the. Of that pure protein and what. And it was more just about the blocks. Right. So we'll have. This is just the storefront. And then they'll do. The collections pages after that are a little more brief. We're just working on. We just want this banner to work a little bit harder. So that's what Brittany's sort of talking about is making sure this banner has pack and taste and protein and fiber in it. So this. This creative on this first banner has not been approved, but the layout has been approved. So there'll be some sort of big home banner up here. Then you'll have your protein snack mix that you can shop, your Crunchy Bean snacks that you can shop. We're going to change the order so that it's protein snack mix and variety pack on the go first. And then it'll be Crunchy Bean Snacks, Camelina Oil, then some of this, and then a little bit more of just origin story. So this is to show you that this is the page layout.

Speaker B: Right. And what you want me to do is to give you My feedback on about the banner and if the format is okay, but if the content. I have any input about the content or not. That's what you want from me.

Speaker A: Yeah. So right now how we're likely, we're positioning it around, there's lots of call out for the protein, the fiber, the actual product. So if there's just any words that you think really need to be in here on the titles or something, we were going to change this to there'll be a big protein and fiber call out on the banner. But we were just going to change this to our benefit statement, which is good for you. Great tasting. Snacks homebound by Canadian farmers because protein is mentioned. Protein snack mix, Crunchy bean snacks on the go. Camelina oil. But yeah, if there's any keywords that are missing.

Speaker B: Got it. And how about the individual pages? So for example, if someone clicks on potent snack mixes, does it go directly to the Amazon listing or do we have a sub page on the storefront?

Speaker A: Okay, so that's next project. So they're just doing the homepage and then they were going to do the what we guys, we call the collections pages. So the banner up top here will be like all of our sellers and then it will say Crunchy Bean snacks. And within that, so say if they hit protein snack mix, there'll be like another. It'll go to our store collections page and then there'll be like a banner that shows the snack mix collection visual. And then underneath that each snack mix, which is only one because we only have one. So then you'll be able to click directly into the product page.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: So that's sort of the journey.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: Okay, so that's an update that should be done in the next few weeks, but then there'll definitely be some conversation with you because they'll need to understand desktop versus mobile and all of that.

Speaker B: Yes, and, and also one, we have one particular. We have background videos on Amazon storefront that you can use that keeps on playing in loops and it doesn't have any audio. Is that something we have considered to incorporate in the storefront?

Speaker A: Not in this one. Right now we're just. Okay, sorry, go ahead, Brittany.

Speaker C: Oh, sorry, sorry. Not on the homepage. Yes, sorry, I didn't hear the end of your question. But yes, we chatted about Lindsay. Once we get through the US that's on my list that once Lindsay gets through the US then we're going to go back to those videos.

Speaker B: Awesome. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay, so that's update there. Okay, so. And Then just before we sort of jump off here in terms of just the, the reporting, the marketing spend, the dollars, are there any big wins you want to highlight, show home or challenges that you're having on that end with either.ca or.com?

Speaker B: well, wins we can look at the dashboard and I think you have already done that.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I don't see anything but. Yeah, just on your end. I know that buy box is still an issue on these variety packs. Honestly, I'm just.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's totally an issue. But in terms of, you know, revenue, if you compare it with the last year March, it's up and it's not even. It doesn't have two days of data. So it will be even higher than 73,000 in March. Probably it will be close to 95%. So almost double compared to even last March. And I think we did way better even last March compared to 2024 March. So we are, we are, we are doing something good here. So that's.

Speaker A: Yes. And meanwhile, we've rationalized our offerings.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Like there's less offerings. Right. So more. It's a way more efficient business.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Right now in terms of the focusing, the, the spend and the dollars. So that's very good. And us, do we have the. Any issues in the US Right now? I know we're sort of just kind of maintaining that business.

Speaker B: We're just maintaining it. Nothing else going on. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So the focus is on Canada in terms of issues. Yes. Buy box for the variety. I mean, these variety packs. It's an issue.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And. And you know, one more thing we could think about. I know we don't want to launch a bunch of new products, but is there any other opportunity that we could take advantage of? That's what you mean.

Speaker A: For a new product. So I did talk about this with Brittany yesterday. We have this product that we use seasonally in grocery and the reason we didn't put it on. Let me just find. Where would I find this product so I can show you an image. We did not put it online because it was seasonal and it's like a multi pack. Where's images here? What the hell is going on here? Sales resources. So out of. So we have that Costco variety pack or, sorry, the E. Comm variety pack that has dill pickle sweet chili and then a barbecue chickpea in it. And so this pack item that we have that we use mostly for back to school, we do a lot of like in and out with retailers with it. It's a five pack. It's a smaller pack of one flavor. So at retail it sells for like eight to ten dollars. And we put it in usually around back to school or January and it goes really well and then it doesn't. It's not like a permanent grocery item.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: So this was something I talked to Brittany the other day. I was like, is this something. The hard thing is it's, it's every flavor. Like I have the variety pack which is 18 times 28. And then I have these smaller five packs. I have one in dill pickle, one in sweet chili and one in barbecue chickpea. So it's the exact same flavors as the variety pack. It's just a different format.

Speaker B: Yeah, I see that.

Speaker A: Yeah. So this was something where I was like, I don't know, maybe we just put the dill pickle up because it's our top selling flavor and because we literally don't even have a dill pickle fava offering right now. It's a sea salt in the fava variety. This is our top selling flavor in the entire country is a dill pickle fava. And we make it like a, like a, even just a three pack or a five pack of these. So it's 15 or 25 units of just dill pickle single serve. And so you have your variety pack, if they want variety 18 times 28. But then you just have your like dill pickle flavor. So that was something I did think about where it's, it's could be created.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: But yeah, that, that was just a thought I had. So. And again in these June meetings I'm having, yeah, I'm really trying to think about what is that the. Because that would be part of that discussion show home. Like when we're thinking forward looking like okay, e commerce, let's take a E commerce million dollars. So E commerce for us includes three things mostly right now. Amazon, which is dot ca and dot com, even though dot com is not the biggest contributor. So Amazon, Costco, ca, which is really fixed to Costco and then our Shopify channel, which again we don't put a lot of spend there. So when I look at total e commerce business, it's about a million dollars. The majority of that is Amazon ca, that's like our biggest engine. So that's where I was looking at strategically what do with the largest engine because the other two are very. Just opportunistic. Like we're not spending a lot of money there. And so. Yeah, and that's. So one part of it is if we're going to move from 1 million to 5 million, it's product assortment. Right. Like on these different channels or on Amazon. What is the product assortment, what is the pricing and how does that work with the rest of the market or the rest of the channels? What is the promotional strategy and, and all of that. Right. So product assortment, I understand, is very, very important to this channel. And so that could be one of my suggestions and saying, hey, if we want to move from 1 to 5 million, we're going to need a unique Amazon SKU. It's going to be. Amazon's going to get its own variety pack of snack mixes. I don't know, something like that.

Speaker B: Okay, I get the idea. Well, that's definitely something. And you asked me about issues, right? Challenges. Yeah, I, I think I read a post on LinkedIn about Costco Roadshow that's coming up for Putin snack mixes and that will eventually be available at Costco stores. If the exact SKU is available there, we may have some buy box related challenges on Amazon. That's something I wanted to flag.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. I don't necessarily see Costco being an issue. This Costco is a bulk bag. It's a different item. It's like this is Costco. So yeah, Costco is a bulk bag item. So I don't see Costco being the issue. The 18 pack, I see grocery eventually though, that's what I'm watching. Because this three pack of snack mixes, this three pack of snack mixes is. These are starting to be sold at retailers. These individual packs. It's the same pack. Just like our variety packs, right? Yeah, because this, our variety pack, this item, this is the Costco item and it's done. It'll do its third rotation in June, July, and we have not seen any issues on Amazon because literally it is only sold on Amazon and it is only sold sometimes at Costco. It's not on all the time. It's like January to March and then they bring it back June, July, August. That's basically when. So I feel like there's lower risk with this item. Also in 2027, I think that Costco is going to change the item. I think they're going to want a different flavor assortment in the same type of item. And then therefore you will have an exclusive variety pack on Amazon. Right? Okay. Yeah, but it's this one. It's this one I'm watching a bit. Right? Like, yeah, because this is the exact same. We have the issues with the fava beans, right. And the chickpeas. This is the same assortment, but we set it up a little bit differently. We used a master code upc. So yeah, this is the one to watch. But this is also. This is also selling for freaking like 9.49 a bag at Save on foods right now. Not cheap.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, that's not going to be a problem then. If the pricing there is higher than Amazon.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Do you expect it to be lower than. Right now it's 27. So $9. Do you expect it to be lower than $9 at any of the retail stores?

Speaker A: I expect it potentially 849. Like obviously when it's on promotion. Yes. Like if it's an 8.99 item at retail and it goes on promotion for 799, like that's going to happen sometimes, right?

Speaker B: Yeah. That's when we may have some problem.

Speaker A: Yeah. So just something to watch and learn because. Yeah, because you can see how operationally with Amazon, like even this. So if Costco is no longer ordering this item, if I was only selling 300 units a month on Amazon, there's nothing I can do with that. I can't inventory that item. Like inventory all three of these to only sell on Amazon. To sell 300 units a month, that's really hard to do. But by the time Costco switches out of this, say they go to a new flavor assortment. Doesn't matter. I'm selling 2,000 of these on Amazon a month. It makes sense to actually operate inventory it. Right. And yeah, so. So yeah, so that's kind of the. The hard game to play. So anyways. Okay. But yeah, that's that conversation.

Speaker B: Yeah. All right. So my. On my part, what I'll do is I'll think about this conversation that we had and then prepare a plan or some suggestions in our next meeting.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Just kind of within that mind of hey, what can we start doing over the next six months? It could be kind of a testing, right? Like more promotions, add more ad dollars drive to this. What can we start doing over the next six months so that if we wanted to like hit it a little bit harder in 2027 to get to 2 million, can we do that? Right? Like let's. What does that look like that trajectory?

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Without having to throw a bunch of new items. Ideally it's with the items that we have.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: Awesome. All right, thanks show home. Well, enjoy the rest of your day chat. Thank you.

Speaker B: Yeah. Have a nice day. Bye now.

