Transcript for: Recording__473.mp4
Title: Recording #473
============================================================

I was introduced to the people that were making the product. And this goes back to 2008. And this part, I don't know how to. Was it Paul Moose or. It was Paulus or whatever? Yeah, Dr. Brusch was the. Was. Was the key man for us. Anyway. Dr. Bruce was the. Actually, the. The. He was Kennedy's doctor. Yeah, it was JFK's doctor. Was his. And a brilliant, brilliant man, Dr. Bruce. And he had a lab of a lot of different people trying to work on this thing. And with. With him and then with the. The Renee case. Ryan case is actually references she also brought into that part of the deal. So when we saw her, who was really the. The one person who was individually working with people and talked about saving people, which she really did back in those days. You know, these people lived it and they basically worked together to work on cancer things and things of that sort. And so we accept that when that happens. And even Dr. Brusch himself had a situation where he had cancer and he resolved it by taking this particular product so that. How serious it really is. You know, here he is, you know, doctor. Dr. Brusch, and he's done his own stuff. And they. They had problems, you know, with the, With. With the people right back. Back in those days, rather. And that's this neurologist unique case. Like, that's her last name spelled backwards, right? Is SEO. Yes. That was interesting. I didn't observe that, but I found that in one of your articles. That was interesting. So that is how it was named, the product. Oh, wow. Okay. And Dr. Bruce, you mentioned that we also worked with him on this. I mean, we license this product from him directly. Is that how it is? I'm not aware of that. I'm not aware about that. Of that at all. But you have, you have some kind of exclusive, right, right, to use the aid herb. Well, yeah, we had it. Yeah. The people. Yeah. Because of that, we did use it, right? That is correct, yes. I'm trying to think of. There's one other person I think that was Apollos. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Which is. Which is. Yeah. Which is. Yeah. Which is process. Yeah, got it. Okay. Awesome. Okay, that's really helpful. And to go back to the. I mean, of course, I don't want to talk about the benefits, but do you think we cannot even mention things like improved hunger or, you know, gaining more strength? Because those claims are generally accepted by Amazon for other supplements. Do you feel that if we say those things, they will relate this product to cancer treatment? And I mean, even if We. We will not mention anything about cancer, just these things. Do you think that will be something and negative? We don't know. I don't have a clue. Yeah, I mean, I would. I'm. We can try it. You know, you can always take it down. There's an issue, you know, um, yeah, they. They seem to be fairly reasonable. When I took it down, they. They reinstated the web page at the listing right away, so. Mm. No, I do get that. The. Based on the document that you sent me with the benefits, health benefits of all those ingredients. If we say all those things, they will definitely come up to us. I don't know what we had before, but what I'm trying to do here is I'm not even trying to push the boundaries here. I'm just trying to understand better about what those patients go through and how it really helps. So I'm not even going to talk about the shrinkage of tumor or any of those things. I'm just going to talk about gaining more strength so they understand, they can relate where the people who are looking for this product, they will understand that this is how it helps them, you know, but other people probably won't have a clue. That's the thing. Like people who. People already know what they're looking for. Right. They're not going to discover as. By. Right. Like they. Right. Like they're going to come knowing what they're looking for. And then I think it's just a case of why us versus the other 12 SEAC brands right out there. And that's the four, eight or difference. Right. And. And Rene case, whatever. She. She. She developed the eight or thing as well. They were. So they were all partners in this situation. Yeah. And as a matter of fact, I. In. In terms of my business, in terms of talking about this, we. I think I have about 20,000 people that I have spoken to over the. Over the 20 years. It's been that long. And I've talked to so many people who have told me stories about what's happened, and it's just amazing to them. They can't thank us enough for having this particular product. So it's been very, very wonderful to a lot of people. And you start to know. I was one of those. I was sort of joking on one of the things I had done. Basically he was just talking to date left about it was that people get to know you. And I have had so many people that I have talked to. I'm so used to seeing them because they'll come back to me and they'll come back to me and they'll come back to me. It's amazing how many people talk about how they have changed their life by having this particular product. Then two years go by or three years and he says they'll call up a woman or whatever and I'll know who the person is because I talked to them before. And it's interesting to understand that they are so happy about what that has done for them. It's been an amazing thing that really, literally, when I've seen some of these people, honest to God, you have to keep it. The tears you want to just talk about because you're sitting here listening to what has happened to their life. And it's really a tough thing. It really is. Yes, I understand that. Yes. I will just ask two more questions. One is about being able to say genuine or mention the word genuine somewhere on the product label. Because when they say, say genuine scrt, do they talk about the four Harp formula generally or. Because both are discovered by them. Right. These both are genuine. We're not making it up. So my question is, what would it be? Well, I'm going to tell you this. Paulus. I just lost his first name. Brian. Brian. Brian Paulus. Okay. Who is the person that I talk with to do this project? Okay. I was the first one to want to do this and he couldn't do it and this and that. So Brian has been a real deal polished. He picked up the word genuine just out of the blue and he's been using that forever. A genuine is something that he just picked out of his head and that was it. And that was only a couple of years ago. It's not like something that's been there 10 years or 15 years. It's only been a year, couple of years that he added that look to it. Genuine. So would you say that we shouldn't be using that on our label? I. We can if we want. If it's not illegal, I don't want to. I don't want to do that. I don't think that we need to say that. Okay, I understand that. Okay. So here's why I am saying it. So when I look into how people are searching for this product, the most important one is organic. Organic Asiac. We are going to do that. And another thing that could help us is if we mention genuine because that's also not very high search volume. But there are so many search terms that says genuine, acft, genuine. They have added the word genuine in it. And that's the reason I was asking about it. So if it can cause any regulatory issue, we shouldn't do it. But otherwise, I think it may be a good idea. Okay. Do you think. Do you think the. The company in Canada is going to have an issue with that? The Canada SEAC people, the SAC people? I could care less. Well, I really could care less with these guys. So there was a. You want to talk about that legal issue you had a while back and you. Yeah, we. We had a. When we first started with this thing, we had a big problem with. With seac, you know, they basically took up the. The four herbs. Okay. And out of Canada, they wanted to be, you know, dominant. And so what happened was we did. We looked at it and we talked to our attorneys and this and that, and we said, well, this is a bunch of bull. Bull crap. I mean, why would they. What the hell's wrong with them? You know? So we, I. We said, hey, they have four herbs and we've got eight herbs. Okay? So immediately as soon as we did that, we have your people in Canada jumping all over us, and we had, you know, a. Quite a big system, quite a big problem that we had with them. And we were fighting back and forth and fighting back and forth, and we went through all of the stuff here. Finally, it ended up to be a stalemate. We didn't have to pay anything. They didn't have to pay any. All we did was pay for the attorneys. And after that, you know, that, we sort of. We don't care about them. We're doing seven. We're doing, you know, eight herbs, and they're doing four. It's been just not a wonderful thing to do in Canada. So. And. And they're working. They do a lot. They do a lot around the shows, you know, and all things of that sort. Yeah. Okay, so. So to conclude, we should avoid including the word genuine. Is that. Is that right? Well, I, I don't. I don't know. I mean, I can. I can pick up the phone and call, you know, Brian and say, brian, do you mind if I use the word genuine? See what he says? Okay. Okay. I don't. I don't want to do it on. On purpose. I don't think it. But you're saying that it has some benefit. I really don't know. No, I mean. Yeah, So I think what, what swam is saying there are people searching for the word genuine asiac for those two words. Right. So if you include that in our title description, we will come up and rank higher. Yeah. So it would help us. Okay. You don't have to change the label. You can just put it somewhere on the Amazon listing page. It doesn't have to be. Yeah, I agree with that. If it's in just in that thing, just so they find it. Yeah, yeah, I don't have a problem with that. Okay, awesome. The last one that I wanted to ask you about is I came across this article on your site that says common sense about ACX brewing tea and it mostly talks about the value. It compares our product with other sellers, seller A and seller B and then our product. So seller A it says we can make about it will cost about ten dollar per quart. The seller and it's also eight her formula which is organic and seller B is four herb non organic and this will cost about 11.$53 per quart. Now it's a very old article and ours compares with those products and it's about 4.$12 per quart. So is this something still valid for us? Is this how. I know. I mean if we just look at the prices on Amazon then ours is quite high but then our formulation is different. It's ATAR formula. That's all those are there. But in terms of value, do we still have this? Can we still say this? Do you want me to share my screen? Yeah, yeah, let's take a look. I don't remember that. I mean most of the. Let me, let me share the screen here. Sorry. Here. Do you remember that? It basically couldn't compare. It's like how much it is. Yeah, right. Efficient. I mean, I mean this is the first time I'm seeing this. I would assume it's probably outdated information because it's so old. This is so. Yeah, I'm looking at this. This is like 10 years ago. Yeah, I think we can probably come up with a new one though because I did some of the. So I'm like. That's why I started like talking, you know, in the title. I changed it to how many milligrams per serving or whatever. Right. Per dose. Because if you do kind of that math on how many capsules versus how many milligrams you're getting, then we are pretty more. We're more efficient. But I don't know if any of that matters really, you know. Okay. Okay. So let's. That's the. Okay, so I said I had. That was the last question. But I have one more follow up here which is about the. What we are going to write on the label. I wanted to ask from this. This is something that we discussed about, by the way, before, but we needed to conclude. So here, for example, it says per serving, a serving size is three capsules and then amount per serving is 1066.5 milligram. So by that, do we mean that for three capsules in total, it's 1066.5 milligram. Or is it per capsule? It's what's on the front of the label. It's 3190mg. Is a serving really isn't. Okay. Okay. So that means we have. This is par capsule, isn't it? Yeah. And if that's the case, since we are saying parse serving, should we also not change this? Yeah, that's a good point. Yeah, I'll take a look at that. You're right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. We have to do another round of tweaks to this design anyway, like the organic stuff and there's some stuff Jim wants on there. And so when it comes time that we're going to start producing more bottles, we'll make those changes for sure. Okay. Which is going to be probably in a couple of month. Months or so. One month from now, probably four to six weeks. We're in that window. Yeah. Right. Right now the powder sachets. Awesome. All right, so that's all that I wanted to ask from my end. Do you want to discuss something else? No. Is there anything else? I owe you. I. I gave you access to Walmart, I think, right? Yes, you did. Yeah. Just keep bugging me like, you know, because sometimes these fiber things just come flying like, and I forget, you know, this is not one of my main, you know, it's not slack or anything. Right. But so yeah, if let me know if there's anything else and you need for me. No, for now we are okay. I think. Yeah. It looks like we're going to come in at five grand Ish. For the. Yes. Yes. Do you think, do you think there's this is. People are reacting to our bids. Is that is. Is it becoming more competitive or what do you think? More comp. More competitive in terms of. Do you mean our advertisements? If they're becoming more competitive. Yeah. So we're obviously outbidding, right. We're. We're always ranking pretty high and I wonder if some of the competitors are like reacting to that now and just basically, you know. Okay, well, so here's what I observed in the first month, first three weeks, I will say when we. I launched those campaigns we are selling, the sales immediately went up right after that. The fourth and fifth week was a bit slow, quite slow. And I wonder why that happened. But then again, it started picking up this week, the last week. You can say we have a lot more to do. One of the things, of course, is this product page optimization. And then even in terms of ads, we have a lot more to do. So I wouldn't conclude that it happened because others also started reacting to our bid increase and increased visibility. Maybe it's something just random for those two weeks. So, yeah, I will not really be able to answer your questions right now, but maybe you should observe it for a bit longer and see how others are reacting. Yeah, Makes sense. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Awesome. Yeah. No, good. Good to talk to you. I appreciate it, Jim. I'm glad that you could make it to the meeting. Nice to meet you. Great. I'm happy, too. All right, great. Have a nice rest of your day. Yeah. Have a good week. Yeah. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: I was introduced to the people that were making the product. And this goes back to 2008. And this part, I don't know how to.

Speaker B: Was it Paul Moose or.

Speaker A: It was Paulus or whatever? Yeah, Dr. Brusch was the. Was. Was the key man for us. Anyway. Dr. Bruce was the. Actually, the. The. He was Kennedy's doctor. Yeah, it was JFK's doctor. Was his. And a brilliant, brilliant man, Dr. Bruce. And he had a lab of a lot of different people trying to work on this thing. And with. With him and then with the. The Renee case. Ryan case is actually references she also brought into that part of the deal. So when we saw her, who was really the. The one person who was individually working with people and talked about saving people, which she really did back in those days. You know, these people lived it and they basically worked together to work on cancer things and things of that sort. And so we accept that when that happens. And even Dr. Brusch himself had a situation where he had cancer and he resolved it by taking this particular product so that. How serious it really is. You know, here he is, you know, doctor. Dr. Brusch, and he's done his own stuff. And they. They had problems, you know, with the, With. With the people right back. Back in those days, rather.

Speaker B: And that's this neurologist unique case. Like, that's her last name spelled backwards, right? Is SEO.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker C: That was interesting. I didn't observe that, but I found that in one of your articles. That was interesting. So that is how it was named, the product.

Speaker B: Oh, wow.

Speaker C: Okay. And Dr. Bruce, you mentioned that we also worked with him on this. I mean, we license this product from him directly. Is that how it is?

Speaker A: I'm not aware of that. I'm not aware about that. Of that at all.

Speaker B: But you have, you have some kind of exclusive, right, right, to use the aid herb.

Speaker A: Well, yeah, we had it. Yeah. The people. Yeah. Because of that, we did use it, right? That is correct, yes. I'm trying to think of. There's one other person I think that was Apollos.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. Which is. Which is.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Which is.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Which is process.

Speaker C: Yeah, got it. Okay. Awesome. Okay, that's really helpful. And to go back to the. I mean, of course, I don't want to talk about the benefits, but do you think we cannot even mention things like improved hunger or, you know, gaining more strength? Because those claims are generally accepted by Amazon for other supplements. Do you feel that if we say those things, they will relate this product to cancer treatment? And I mean, even if We. We will not mention anything about cancer, just these things. Do you think that will be something and negative?

Speaker A: We don't know. I don't have a clue.

Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I would. I'm. We can try it. You know, you can always take it down. There's an issue, you know, um, yeah, they. They seem to be fairly reasonable. When I took it down, they. They reinstated the web page at the listing right away, so.

Speaker C: Mm. No, I do get that. The. Based on the document that you sent me with the benefits, health benefits of all those ingredients. If we say all those things, they will definitely come up to us. I don't know what we had before, but what I'm trying to do here is I'm not even trying to push the boundaries here. I'm just trying to understand better about what those patients go through and how it really helps. So I'm not even going to talk about the shrinkage of tumor or any of those things. I'm just going to talk about gaining more strength so they understand, they can relate where the people who are looking for this product, they will understand that this is how it helps them, you know, but other people probably won't have a clue.

Speaker B: That's the thing. Like people who. People already know what they're looking for. Right. They're not going to discover as. By. Right. Like they. Right. Like they're going to come knowing what they're looking for. And then I think it's just a case of why us versus the other 12 SEAC brands right out there. And that's the four, eight or difference. Right. And. And Rene case, whatever. She. She. She developed the eight or thing as well.

Speaker A: They were. So they were all partners in this situation. Yeah. And as a matter of fact, I. In. In terms of my business, in terms of talking about this, we. I think I have about 20,000 people that I have spoken to over the. Over the 20 years. It's been that long. And I've talked to so many people who have told me stories about what's happened, and it's just amazing to them. They can't thank us enough for having this particular product. So it's been very, very wonderful to a lot of people. And you start to know. I was one of those. I was sort of joking on one of the things I had done. Basically he was just talking to date left about it was that people get to know you. And I have had so many people that I have talked to. I'm so used to seeing them because they'll come back to me and they'll come back to me and they'll come back to me. It's amazing how many people talk about how they have changed their life by having this particular product. Then two years go by or three years and he says they'll call up a woman or whatever and I'll know who the person is because I talked to them before. And it's interesting to understand that they are so happy about what that has done for them. It's been an amazing thing that really, literally, when I've seen some of these people, honest to God, you have to keep it. The tears you want to just talk about because you're sitting here listening to what has happened to their life. And it's really a tough thing. It really is.

Speaker C: Yes, I understand that. Yes. I will just ask two more questions. One is about being able to say genuine or mention the word genuine somewhere on the product label. Because when they say, say genuine scrt, do they talk about the four Harp formula generally or. Because both are discovered by them. Right. These both are genuine. We're not making it up. So my question is, what would it be?

Speaker A: Well, I'm going to tell you this. Paulus. I just lost his first name.

Speaker B: Brian.

Speaker A: Brian. Brian Paulus. Okay. Who is the person that I talk with to do this project? Okay. I was the first one to want to do this and he couldn't do it and this and that. So Brian has been a real deal polished. He picked up the word genuine just out of the blue and he's been using that forever. A genuine is something that he just picked out of his head and that was it. And that was only a couple of years ago. It's not like something that's been there 10 years or 15 years. It's only been a year, couple of years that he added that look to it. Genuine.

Speaker C: So would you say that we shouldn't be using that on our label?

Speaker A: I. We can if we want. If it's not illegal, I don't want to. I don't want to do that. I don't think that we need to say that.

Speaker C: Okay, I understand that. Okay. So here's why I am saying it. So when I look into how people are searching for this product, the most important one is organic. Organic Asiac. We are going to do that. And another thing that could help us is if we mention genuine because that's also not very high search volume. But there are so many search terms that says genuine, acft, genuine. They have added the word genuine in it. And that's the reason I was asking about it. So if it can cause any regulatory issue, we shouldn't do it. But otherwise, I think it may be a good idea.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Do you think.

Speaker B: Do you think the. The company in Canada is going to have an issue with that?

Speaker A: The Canada SEAC people, the SAC people? I could care less. Well, I really could care less with these guys.

Speaker B: So there was a. You want to talk about that legal issue you had a while back and you.

Speaker A: Yeah, we. We had a. When we first started with this thing, we had a big problem with. With seac, you know, they basically took up the. The four herbs. Okay. And out of Canada, they wanted to be, you know, dominant. And so what happened was we did. We looked at it and we talked to our attorneys and this and that, and we said, well, this is a bunch of bull. Bull crap. I mean, why would they. What the hell's wrong with them? You know? So we, I. We said, hey, they have four herbs and we've got eight herbs. Okay? So immediately as soon as we did that, we have your people in Canada jumping all over us, and we had, you know, a. Quite a big system, quite a big problem that we had with them. And we were fighting back and forth and fighting back and forth, and we went through all of the stuff here. Finally, it ended up to be a stalemate. We didn't have to pay anything. They didn't have to pay any. All we did was pay for the attorneys. And after that, you know, that, we sort of. We don't care about them. We're doing seven. We're doing, you know, eight herbs, and they're doing four. It's been just not a wonderful thing to do in Canada. So. And. And they're working. They do a lot. They do a lot around the shows, you know, and all things of that sort.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay, so. So to conclude, we should avoid including the word genuine. Is that. Is that right?

Speaker A: Well, I, I don't. I don't know. I mean, I can. I can pick up the phone and call, you know, Brian and say, brian, do you mind if I use the word genuine? See what he says?

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I don't. I don't want to do it on. On purpose. I don't think it. But you're saying that it has some benefit. I really don't know.

Speaker B: No, I mean. Yeah, So I think what, what swam is saying there are people searching for the word genuine asiac for those two words. Right. So if you include that in our title description, we will come up and rank higher.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So it would help us.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: You don't have to change the label. You can just put it somewhere on the Amazon listing page.

Speaker A: It doesn't have to be. Yeah, I agree with that. If it's in just in that thing, just so they find it. Yeah, yeah, I don't have a problem with that.

Speaker C: Okay, awesome. The last one that I wanted to ask you about is I came across this article on your site that says common sense about ACX brewing tea and it mostly talks about the value. It compares our product with other sellers, seller A and seller B and then our product. So seller A it says we can make about it will cost about ten dollar per quart. The seller and it's also eight her formula which is organic and seller B is four herb non organic and this will cost about 11.$53 per quart. Now it's a very old article and ours compares with those products and it's about 4.$12 per quart. So is this something still valid for us? Is this how. I know. I mean if we just look at the prices on Amazon then ours is quite high but then our formulation is different. It's ATAR formula. That's all those are there. But in terms of value, do we still have this? Can we still say this? Do you want me to share my screen?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, let's take a look.

Speaker B: I don't remember that. I mean most of the.

Speaker C: Let me, let me share the screen here. Sorry. Here.

Speaker B: Do you remember that? It basically couldn't compare. It's like how much it is. Yeah, right. Efficient. I mean, I mean this is the first time I'm seeing this. I would assume it's probably outdated information because it's so old.

Speaker A: This is so. Yeah, I'm looking at this. This is like 10 years ago.

Speaker B: Yeah, I think we can probably come up with a new one though because I did some of the. So I'm like. That's why I started like talking, you know, in the title. I changed it to how many milligrams per serving or whatever. Right. Per dose. Because if you do kind of that math on how many capsules versus how many milligrams you're getting, then we are pretty more. We're more efficient. But I don't know if any of that matters really, you know.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay. So let's. That's the. Okay, so I said I had. That was the last question. But I have one more follow up here which is about the. What we are going to write on the label. I wanted to ask from this. This is something that we discussed about, by the way, before, but we needed to conclude. So here, for example, it says per serving, a serving size is three capsules and then amount per serving is 1066.5 milligram. So by that, do we mean that for three capsules in total, it's 1066.5 milligram. Or is it per capsule?

Speaker B: It's what's on the front of the label. It's 3190mg. Is a serving really

Speaker C: isn't. Okay. Okay. So that means we have. This is par capsule, isn't it?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: And if that's the case, since we are saying parse serving, should we also not change this?

Speaker B: Yeah, that's a good point. Yeah, I'll take a look at that. You're right.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. We have to do another round of tweaks to this design anyway, like the organic stuff and there's some stuff Jim wants on there. And so when it comes time that we're going to start producing more bottles, we'll make those changes for sure.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Which is going to be probably in a couple of month. Months or so.

Speaker A: One month from now, probably four to six weeks. We're in that window. Yeah.

Speaker B: Right. Right now the powder sachets.

Speaker C: Awesome. All right, so that's all that I wanted to ask from my end. Do you want to discuss something else? No.

Speaker B: Is there anything else? I owe you. I. I gave you access to Walmart, I think, right?

Speaker C: Yes, you did. Yeah.

Speaker B: Just keep bugging me like, you know, because sometimes these fiber things just come flying like, and I forget, you know, this is not one of my main, you know, it's not slack or anything. Right. But so yeah, if let me know if there's anything else and you need for me.

Speaker C: No, for now we are okay. I think. Yeah.

Speaker B: It looks like we're going to come in at five grand Ish. For the.

Speaker C: Yes. Yes.

Speaker B: Do you think, do you think there's this is. People are reacting to our bids. Is that is. Is it becoming more competitive or what do you think?

Speaker C: More comp. More competitive in terms of. Do you mean our advertisements? If they're becoming more competitive.

Speaker B: Yeah. So we're obviously outbidding, right. We're. We're always ranking pretty high and I wonder if some of the competitors are like reacting to that now and just basically, you know.

Speaker C: Okay, well, so here's what I observed in the first month, first three weeks, I will say when we. I launched those campaigns we are selling, the sales immediately went up right after that. The fourth and fifth week was a bit slow, quite slow. And I wonder why that happened. But then again, it started picking up this week, the last week. You can say we have a lot more to do. One of the things, of course, is this product page optimization. And then even in terms of ads, we have a lot more to do. So I wouldn't conclude that it happened because others also started reacting to our bid increase and increased visibility. Maybe it's something just random for those two weeks. So, yeah, I will not really be able to answer your questions right now, but maybe you should observe it for a bit longer and see how others are reacting.

Speaker B: Yeah, Makes sense.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Awesome. Yeah.

Speaker A: No, good. Good to talk to you. I appreciate it, Jim.

Speaker C: I'm glad that you could make it to the meeting. Nice to meet you.

Speaker A: Great. I'm happy, too.

Speaker B: All right, great. Have a nice rest of your day.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Have a good week.

Speaker C: Yeah. Bye now.

