Transcript for: Recording__596.mp4
Title: Recording #596
============================================================

It hasn't been acknowledged by him yet. So. And so everything I'm doing is. Takes a long time to get him to understand what's happening right now. And. And so the end. The end game here is I'm gonna be the CEO eventually of this whole thing because, you know, his wife and the family won to take over the entire thing and just keep it running, you know, and. And. And build. Build it. Expand the business. Yeah, it's just, you know, very sensitive issue, you know, so that. That's on the gym side. Yeah. Right. Okay. Okay, let me look. So, okay, what do you. Do you have an agenda? You want to. What do you want to do? How do you want. Well, so I, of course, wanted to talk to you about what's going on on the ad side and what. What you can try next. But also at the same time, I wanted to, again, talk about the importance of getting the other things done. So first of all, the product page optimization, that's something. And also I want to talk about the new label design. That's something you also brought up. And also I wanted to talk about the new idea that we talked about last time. The tea bag idea. Yes, yes. I actually, I did start. I looked into it and I had some discussions with, actually, this company I just complained about. And so I'm not sure if I might actually want to continue or exploring that with them. Okay. They could potentially do it. They gave me some pricing and everything, but at this time, I'm not. I'm. I'm. I just want to find somebody else I can work with because these guys are not great. But. Yeah, let me share my screen real quick. I started looking. I don't. This is. Try. Let me. Let me try to get these design sets done real quick. I. Yeah. Okay. So here's the other problem so I'm having, because Jim is having some issues. He doesn't know anymore where to find some of the stuff. Okay. And so I've been talking to suppliers who've done some printing for him in the last 10 years. And, like, I've gotten assets from them back, but there's not like he. He can't tell me. Okay, just go over here. And this. All this stuff is stored over here that doesn't exist right now, or at least I don't know where it would be. So what I have is just a kind of collection of stuff I have gotten from other companies trying to share my screen. Let me see. Yeah, sure. Can you see this? Yeah. Okay. So, you know, these are the old labels. This Rand, this is, you know, it's all pretty, pretty scarce. I don't know if any of this can be really useful. Really. We don't, you know, the soft dress. We don't sell soft dress anymore. It's now capsules. I can send all this to you, whatever I can find if you want, but it's not very super helpful, I think. Do you have a logo, by the way? Yeah, I have it somewhere. Like just the image of the logo. Just the logo, yeah, Yeah, I have that somewhere. Hold on, let me see. Yeah, you have all those product pictures. That should be good. All those product pictures and logo and whatever else you have. I don't need this kind of thing here, you know. All right, let me. You see all these product pictures, the bottle pictures, all those will be helpful. Yes. The problem is if you look at this, it says soft gels, and we have. We, day before I started, switch from soft gels to capsules. Capsules, yeah. So all this is like old artwork. Right. And. And that's the problem. Like, I, I'm. I'm digging around and I'm talking to these old, these other companies, and they're. All they're sending me is, you know, what they have is all old. Right. So. But I do have. I can't find the old, the new logo here. By the way. This is, this is the company that ACB that I'm having it with. Let me see. Oh, Let me try this. I think this is the guy. Yeah. So this is the, So these are the things that we've. This is the new design I'm thinking about. I think that's what I said to you before. I guess. Yeah, we. We talk about this. Yes, we talked about this. We. We need to make some edits, include organic and genuine somewhere. Okay, so let me, I mean, look, I, I'll. I'll do a search across all my. What I, what I have. I'll send you everything. You can pick what you want. Everything else, we have to make a redo, you know. Sure. And for this. Okay. And also, the logo is not very difficult. I, I think if I send it to my designer, she will be able to redo the label. And I mean, the log. This is like, you know, this is, this whole thing is pretty. Nobody with any design background has designed any of this except this, this label here. You know, if you look at the, you know, many different fonts, many different names. Like, this is the company name here. Urban for Life. The miracle of Asia is like some kind of weird trademarked term. Asia is generic, you know, and then the eight herb thing is just like, you know, another, you know, you know, by now, you know, there's a four. Yeah. But you know, I, I, this, we're too small to have a brand identity or any kind of like recognition. Brand recognition. You know, the name of the company is, is okay, Urban's for Life. But I'm not really stuck on any of this stuff. You know, I'm, I'm very open minded when it comes to, you know, simplifying all of this and making it a bit more easy to, to process. Because even this, and this is, even this is already better than what we had before. Yeah, but it's still kind of noisy, I think. Okay. Yeah, well, so for this label, are you, what do you expect? When do you think we'll be done with the new edits, the final edit and then actually implementing this label on the bottles? Yeah, so as soon as I'm, as soon as this. So right now, you know, I'm waiting for this production run to start for the, for the sachets. This label is for the bottles. Right. The sachets are going to be made. They're going to look the same as they do now. And so hopefully next week I'm going to put an order in to make, you know, bottles with, with something like this. Okay. Right. I'm, I have, I've secured the raw materials already. They're sitting in a warehouse waiting for me to tell them to ship them to whoever's going to produce the capsules. Right. And, and so, yeah, in the next, the next couple of weeks, this is becoming a thing. Okay. All right. Yeah, that sounds good. And so any, any, anything you want to do on Amazon, any images, lifestyle images, whatever, if you have anything, just use that, you know. Yeah, I will be using stock photos. So, yeah, that's why I was not too worried. I mean, I, if you can just provide me with whatever you have, at least the bottle pictures. Yeah. Then I don't have to render that at least. Right. So. And along with that, if you don't find the logo, we'll have to do something on our own. But at least send me the bottles or whatever you have. Let's see how we can make use of that. Yeah, I'll, I'll send it to you and please don't delay. No, no, no, dude, I'm, I'm. There's been, it's been a pretty bad month in general over here with like. Okay, so it's not normal for me to be this sluggish On. On. On the business side. Yeah. So I'll, you know, I'll re. Engage. I'll make sure you get your stuff and, And I want you to know I really value all the work you done for us and I want to continue to expand this relationship. Sure. Yeah. No, definitely. So if you can please send them to me today. Yeah, yeah. After we hang up here, I'll send you anything that has remotely anything to do with design and images. Sure. All right. And also when you have the meeting and you get it, you know, hopefully the production is scheduled very soon. If it is done, I mean, give them a push. I mean, it should have been done by now. Right. So give them a push. I'm about to get on a plane and fly to Arizona. Believe me, like, I'm. I'm that pissed off about these people. Like, it's. And the problem is they have all leverage right now. They have my materials, they have my film. If I start legal with them, then, you know, I'm just going to be the one that's going to suffer from all this because. Right. You know, so I'm. I'm on it. Sure. Yeah. Also, I mean, I hope that that's. That's the biggest thing and we need to taste that. That thing that we discussed last time. So. Yeah, I'm really looking forward to that one. Yeah. And let me give you some updates about advertising. What has been happening. So right now we have limited the spend on the packets. It's. For most campaigns. I have just. It decreased the budget to $3 a day. And also that has impacted the overall sales. Of course, we are also going to run out of stock for most of those packets. Skus. Fortunately, the sales for the Capsules, they are stable. I will say stable. I will not say they have increased. Although it's like a few hundred dollars of increase, I don't consider that a significant increase. What we have done is we have launched new campaigns with new sets of category keywords. I also sent you a video last time describing that, I think. And what we are going to do is we're going to work on optimizing those because I think those need a bit more work for optimization. Did you want to say something? I think that you were about to say something. Oh, no. Just like. Yeah. I mean, I had to shut down our. Our E Commerce sales on our website for powder because I don't have any more inventory here either. So all we have is Capsules right now. Right. Okay. So it. So for the next month, what I can say is we'll keep on optimizing the existing campaigns, especially the new campaigns that we launched. And apart from that, we can taste some category targeting sponsored ad campaigns. So that's kind of the concept is like targeting. It's not to specify any product in, let's say ACFT category, but overall launch category targeting campaigns and see which products we are converting against. Although there are not many products for a cft. So yeah, we. We will be doing that test and along with that, I really want to get done with the designs really quickly. If possible within a week. I want to get it done and get it uploaded on our product page. I. I'm. You'll have in the next hour and a half, you'll have everything that I have. Okay. And then you can just go ahead and, you know, like I said, I have no strong opinions about or no, you know, I have any. I have any emotional connection to any of these designs. So whatever you think is good, you know, and works well, I'm probably going to be fine with. Sure. So. Okay. Well, so that's kind of it from my end. I. And yeah, yeah, that is kind of it. We need to discuss about what is going on, just updating each other and what we'll do next. And I think the delivery is coming in one day and not even one day. I think a little bit more than 12 hours. So after that's delivered, I'll send you a new order. Yeah, yeah, sounds good. Yeah. Look. Yeah. Hey, look. So I, again, I want to apologize for me being the delay here causing all this delay. It won't be an issue going forward. So I, you know, it's. It's. I know it's been tough, so. Right. Well, no, I understand. Based on the things that you told me. I understand. Yeah. It's. It's just been. There's been some other family stuff happening. It's been kind of wild. So. But, you know, I should be back now and should be fine. The only issue I'm dealing with right now is this production delay, but I'll figure that out too. So, yeah, let me send, Let me. I'll gather. I'll zip all this stuff up right now. I'll send to you. If it, you know, whatever is missing, have your guy do it. And then, you know, let's. Yeah, let's do the redesign of those pages. Sure. And then hopefully in four to five weeks, I get more powder. I hope even before that. Let's see. Me too. Because once the production starts, it's. You said it's 2,000 packets, right? Probably. No, no, we're making 11,000. 11,000. Okay. Now that will take some time. Well, I mean, I shouldn't. I mean, once that machine is running, it's running, you know, I mean, I have the guy. I have a new printer from, from Michigan, a company called nosco. They're really good. That guy is coming out to Arizona to oversee production run to make sure his film doesn't rip. I'll probably go out there once they actually start running the machine and to, you know, yell at some people over there. They just need to get started, you know, like, it's just like, not to get into details, but they're like, they must have gotten new council or something. They're like, they want me to sign any. All kinds of waivers and to indemnify them about statements that are or are not on the package. And I keep signing these things and like, literally, like every three days they send me something. I'm like, I just signed this, you know, and they're like, oh, here's another waiver, bro. Like, you know, I don't really care. Like, I'll sign all the waivers in the world. I need to get this done, you know, so that's kind of where this is right now. Okay. Bit frustrating. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So thanks for your help again. You know, I'm looking forward to make this a better relationship again. You can yell at me, I'll take all the blame. I really, I don't mean this. I'm not even kidding. Like, I'm. This is not typical how I usually operate, but I, I'm. I'll let. I just want to tell you I'm committed to this and, and, and you know, we'll, we'll keep. Keep this going at a faster pace. Sure. Yeah. Sounds good. I understand that. All right. All right. All right. Thank you. Yeah, thank you so much. Have a wonderful day. Yeah. Look for email. Sure, I will look forward to it. Before 1pm today. Okay. Okay. All right. Yeah, bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: It hasn't been acknowledged by him yet. So. And so everything I'm doing is. Takes a long time to get him to understand what's happening right now. And. And so the end. The end game here is I'm gonna be the CEO eventually of this whole thing because, you know, his wife and the family won to take over the entire thing and just keep it running, you know, and. And. And build. Build it. Expand the business. Yeah, it's just, you know, very sensitive issue, you know, so that. That's on the gym side. Yeah.

Speaker B: Right. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay, let me look. So, okay, what do you. Do you have an agenda? You want to. What do you want to do? How do you want.

Speaker B: Well, so I, of course, wanted to talk to you about what's going on on the ad side and what. What you can try next. But also at the same time, I wanted to, again, talk about the importance of getting the other things done. So first of all, the product page optimization, that's something. And also I want to talk about the new label design. That's something you also brought up. And also I wanted to talk about the new idea that we talked about last time. The tea bag idea.

Speaker A: Yes, yes. I actually, I did start. I looked into it and I had some discussions with, actually, this company I just complained about. And so I'm not sure if I might actually want to continue or exploring that with them. Okay. They could potentially do it. They gave me some pricing and everything, but at this time, I'm not. I'm. I'm. I just want to find somebody else I can work with because these guys are not great. But. Yeah, let me share my screen real quick. I started looking. I don't. This is. Try. Let me. Let me try to get these design sets done real quick. I. Yeah. Okay. So here's the other problem so I'm having, because Jim is having some issues. He doesn't know anymore where to find some of the stuff.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And so I've been talking to suppliers who've done some printing for him in the last 10 years. And, like, I've gotten assets from them back, but there's not like he. He can't tell me. Okay, just go over here. And this. All this stuff is stored over here that doesn't exist right now, or at least I don't know where it would be. So what I have is just a kind of collection of stuff I have gotten from other companies trying to share my screen. Let me see. Yeah, sure. Can you see this?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. So, you know, these are the old labels. This Rand, this is, you know, it's all pretty, pretty scarce. I don't know if any of this can be really useful. Really. We don't, you know, the soft dress. We don't sell soft dress anymore. It's now capsules. I can send all this to you, whatever I can find if you want, but it's not very super helpful, I think.

Speaker B: Do you have a logo, by the way?

Speaker A: Yeah, I have it somewhere. Like just the image of the logo. Just the logo, yeah, Yeah, I have that somewhere. Hold on, let me see.

Speaker B: Yeah, you have all those product pictures. That should be good. All those product pictures and logo and whatever else you have.

Speaker A: I don't need this kind of thing here, you know. All right, let me.

Speaker B: You see all these product pictures, the bottle pictures, all those will be helpful.

Speaker A: Yes. The problem is if you look at this, it says soft gels, and we have. We, day before I started, switch from soft gels to capsules.

Speaker B: Capsules, yeah.

Speaker A: So all this is like old artwork.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: And. And that's the problem. Like, I, I'm. I'm digging around and I'm talking to these old, these other companies, and they're. All they're sending me is, you know, what they have is all old. Right. So. But I do have. I can't find the old, the new logo here. By the way. This is, this is the company that ACB that I'm having it with. Let me see. Oh, Let me try this. I think this is the guy. Yeah. So this is the, So these are the things that we've. This is the new design I'm thinking about. I think that's what I said to you before. I guess.

Speaker B: Yeah, we.

Speaker A: We talk about this.

Speaker B: Yes, we talked about this. We. We need to make some edits, include organic and genuine somewhere.

Speaker A: Okay, so let me, I mean, look, I, I'll. I'll do a search across all my. What I, what I have. I'll send you everything. You can pick what you want. Everything else, we have to make a redo, you know.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: And for this. Okay.

Speaker B: And also, the logo is not very difficult. I, I think if I send it to my designer, she will be able to redo the label.

Speaker A: And I mean, the log. This is like, you know, this is, this whole thing is pretty. Nobody with any design background has designed any of this except this, this label here. You know, if you look at the, you know, many different fonts, many different names. Like, this is the company name here. Urban for Life. The miracle of Asia is like some kind of weird trademarked term. Asia is generic, you know, and then the eight herb thing is just like, you know, another, you know, you know, by now, you know, there's a four. Yeah. But you know, I, I, this, we're too small to have a brand identity or any kind of like recognition. Brand recognition. You know, the name of the company is, is okay, Urban's for Life. But I'm not really stuck on any of this stuff. You know, I'm, I'm very open minded when it comes to, you know, simplifying all of this and making it a bit more easy to, to process. Because even this, and this is, even this is already better than what we had before. Yeah, but it's still kind of noisy, I think. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, well, so for this label, are you, what do you expect? When do you think we'll be done with the new edits, the final edit and then actually implementing this label on the bottles?

Speaker A: Yeah, so as soon as I'm, as soon as this. So right now, you know, I'm waiting for this production run to start for the, for the sachets. This label is for the bottles. Right. The sachets are going to be made. They're going to look the same as they do now. And so hopefully next week I'm going to put an order in to make, you know, bottles with, with something like this.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Right. I'm, I have, I've secured the raw materials already. They're sitting in a warehouse waiting for me to tell them to ship them to whoever's going to produce the capsules.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: And, and so, yeah, in the next, the next couple of weeks, this is becoming a thing. Okay. All right.

Speaker B: Yeah, that sounds good.

Speaker A: And so any, any, anything you want to do on Amazon, any images, lifestyle images, whatever, if you have anything, just use that, you know.

Speaker B: Yeah, I will be using stock photos. So, yeah, that's why I was not too worried. I mean, I, if you can just provide me with whatever you have, at least the bottle pictures.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Then I don't have to render that at least. Right. So. And along with that, if you don't find the logo, we'll have to do something on our own. But at least send me the bottles or whatever you have. Let's see how we can make use of that.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'll, I'll send it to you

Speaker B: and please don't delay.

Speaker A: No, no, no, dude, I'm, I'm. There's been, it's been a pretty bad month in general over here with like. Okay, so it's not normal for me to be this sluggish On. On. On the business side. Yeah. So I'll, you know, I'll re. Engage. I'll make sure you get your stuff and, And I want you to know I really value all the work you done for us and I want to continue to expand this relationship.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah. No, definitely. So if you can please send them to me today.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. After we hang up here, I'll send you anything that has remotely anything to do with design and images. Sure.

Speaker B: All right. And also when you have the meeting and you get it, you know, hopefully the production is scheduled very soon. If it is done, I mean, give them a push. I mean, it should have been done by now. Right. So give them a push.

Speaker A: I'm about to get on a plane and fly to Arizona. Believe me, like, I'm. I'm that pissed off about these people. Like, it's. And the problem is they have all leverage right now. They have my materials, they have my film. If I start legal with them, then, you know, I'm just going to be the one that's going to suffer from all this because.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: You know, so I'm. I'm on it. Sure. Yeah.

Speaker B: Also, I mean, I hope that that's. That's the biggest thing and we need to taste that. That thing that we discussed last time. So. Yeah, I'm really looking forward to that one.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And let me give you some updates about advertising. What has been happening. So right now we have limited the spend on the packets. It's. For most campaigns. I have just. It decreased the budget to $3 a day. And also that has impacted the overall sales. Of course, we are also going to run out of stock for most of those packets. Skus. Fortunately, the sales for the Capsules, they are stable. I will say stable. I will not say they have increased. Although it's like a few hundred dollars of increase, I don't consider that a significant increase. What we have done is we have launched new campaigns with new sets of category keywords. I also sent you a video last time describing that, I think. And what we are going to do is we're going to work on optimizing those because I think those need a bit more work for optimization. Did you want to say something? I think that you were about to say something.

Speaker A: Oh, no. Just like. Yeah. I mean, I had to shut down our. Our E Commerce sales on our website for powder because I don't have any more inventory here either. So all we have is Capsules right now.

Speaker B: Right. Okay. So it. So for the next month, what I can say is we'll keep on optimizing the existing campaigns, especially the new campaigns that we launched. And apart from that, we can taste some category targeting sponsored ad campaigns. So that's kind of the concept is like targeting. It's not to specify any product in, let's say ACFT category, but overall launch category targeting campaigns and see which products we are converting against. Although there are not many products for a cft. So yeah, we. We will be doing that test and along with that, I really want to get done with the designs really quickly. If possible within a week. I want to get it done and get it uploaded on our product page.

Speaker A: I. I'm. You'll have in the next hour and a half, you'll have everything that I have.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And then you can just go ahead and, you know, like I said, I have no strong opinions about or no, you know, I have any. I have any emotional connection to any of these designs. So whatever you think is good, you know, and works well, I'm probably going to be fine with.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: So. Okay.

Speaker B: Well, so that's kind of it from my end. I. And yeah, yeah, that is kind of it. We need to discuss about what is going on, just updating each other and what we'll do next. And I think the delivery is coming in one day and not even one day. I think a little bit more than 12 hours. So after that's delivered, I'll send you a new order.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, sounds good. Yeah. Look. Yeah. Hey, look. So I, again, I want to apologize for me being the delay here causing all this delay. It won't be an issue going forward. So I, you know, it's. It's. I know it's been tough, so.

Speaker B: Right. Well, no, I understand. Based on the things that you told me. I understand.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's. It's just been. There's been some other family stuff happening. It's been kind of wild. So. But, you know, I should be back now and should be fine. The only issue I'm dealing with right now is this production delay, but I'll figure that out too. So, yeah, let me send, Let me. I'll gather. I'll zip all this stuff up right now. I'll send to you. If it, you know, whatever is missing, have your guy do it. And then, you know, let's. Yeah, let's do the redesign of those pages. Sure. And then hopefully in four to five weeks, I get more powder.

Speaker B: I hope even before that. Let's see.

Speaker A: Me too.

Speaker B: Because once the production starts, it's. You said it's 2,000 packets, right? Probably.

Speaker A: No, no, we're making 11,000.

Speaker B: 11,000. Okay. Now that will take some time.

Speaker A: Well, I mean, I shouldn't. I mean, once that machine is running, it's running, you know, I mean, I have the guy. I have a new printer from, from Michigan, a company called nosco. They're really good. That guy is coming out to Arizona to oversee production run to make sure his film doesn't rip. I'll probably go out there once they actually start running the machine and to, you know, yell at some people over there. They just need to get started, you know, like, it's just like, not to get into details, but they're like, they must have gotten new council or something. They're like, they want me to sign any. All kinds of waivers and to indemnify them about statements that are or are not on the package. And I keep signing these things and like, literally, like every three days they send me something. I'm like, I just signed this, you know, and they're like, oh, here's another waiver, bro. Like, you know, I don't really care. Like, I'll sign all the waivers in the world. I need to get this done, you know, so that's kind of where this is right now.

Speaker B: Okay. Bit frustrating.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So thanks for your help again. You know, I'm looking forward to make this a better relationship again. You can yell at me, I'll take all the blame. I really, I don't mean this. I'm not even kidding. Like, I'm. This is not typical how I usually operate, but I, I'm. I'll let. I just want to tell you I'm committed to this and, and, and you know, we'll, we'll keep. Keep this going at a faster pace.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah. Sounds good. I understand that.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker A: All right. Thank you.

Speaker B: Yeah, thank you so much. Have a wonderful day. Yeah.

Speaker A: Look for email.

Speaker B: Sure, I will look forward to it.

Speaker A: Before 1pm today.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: Yeah, bye.

