Transcript for: Recording__56.mp4
Title: Recording #56
============================================================

The numbers, I mean, I'm just trying to see how much you have spent. I'm not going to comment right away whether it's okay or not. I. Okay, let's click on that spend. Can you click on spend is less? But we have gone up to thousand a month. Okay, got it. And with this. 800. 800,000. Like that? Yeah, got it. Okay. And then with this spend, on average, what is your monthly revenue? Total revenue. Not from ads. Total revenue. Right? Yeah, yeah. Total revenue a month is about organic and PPC included is about 4800. Call it 5000. 45,000. No, 4500. 4500. 4500 to 5000 in that range. So you are spending about 10% on ads. Correct, Correct. So what's happening is my, my average conversion is about 9 or 10%. So every 10 clicks I get, I get one sale. Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah, now I get that. Now the thing is, I don't want to spend crazy money because the product value itself is like 15 and $9 and $20 average. Let's call it $15. So if I'm even spending 25 or 30 cents per click, then 10 clicks is costing, costing me $3. Beyond that, then I get. I'm going into a loss. Right, exactly. Yeah, your prices are low. Yeah, yeah. So that's my challenge. So. So, you know, you tell me what you have in mind. So now this Indian company I contacted, I mean, they're doing, I don't know how to say that, doing good or bad. I don't think they're doing that great because what they did was basically we made some campaign, but all my organic, there were some keywords like urea, fertilizer, 4600, blah, blah. There are many keywords that I was ranking organically for. Anyway, they took those keywords and put it in campaigns. Now obviously all that has siphoned from organic to ppc, but I would have gotten a sale anyway. So I'd rather focus on keywords that are not coming organically but for me to communicate this to them, you know, it's not so easy. So, yeah, so they're just, they're just, you know, pulling the sale from there and putting it here. I, I don't want that. I want new sale for I. For, for items that, for. For keywords that I don't rank for. And then, yeah, you want to, you want to use the advertisement dollars to acquire new customers on the Amazon platform platform, rather than just capturing the audience that you could capture organically. Anyway, exactly, exactly. And. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. And then my sale hasn't increased considerably since I'm doing. I'm working with them for the last, I think two or three months. Okay, maybe two months. Yeah. November, December. Yeah, about three months. But hasn't increased like a crazy amount. Right, I can show you. Oh, let's say. I don't know. Well, I'll tell you what we look at. Let's go to seller central again. Yeah, okay. No, let's go to seller center. Yeah. So about this company, I understand that we are trying to do these on Amazon. Apart from that, how does this company work? How do they distribute their products? Yes. So mostly we are doing. So one is the website, which is kind of very new, so we don't have orders yet. On this one we are. Why is it a bit slow today? Okay, there it is. So we doing website, we're doing Walmart and we're doing at Se. Okay, and when you say Walmart, is it store distributed or is it just Walmart? Okay, only, only. Okay. So it's solely online. Everything that you're doing is online. Everything is online. Everything is online, yes. Yes. We haven't been able to crack. We are trying to get into stores, but. But the. Yeah, but the line is kind of relatively new. One, two products are two, three years old. But the main line, like most of these products, about six months old. I see. That's it. Yeah, yeah. Right. Six months to a year, call it. Yeah, so we are trying. You're trying to get into stores. So this is wholesale. So we're trying to get into. You're familiar with garden centers, right? No, I'm not. Like, like. Okay, like these garden centers, like this kind. Yeah. So we're trying to get into garden centers. Like in Toronto you have Garden Gallery and those kind of Sheridan Nurseries. That kind of. And in the Houston area, we have Houston Garden center that are stores, basically stores for gardening. Yeah. Home Depot, Walmart. That is very hard to get into. But depending on that would be a big deal if you can get into Walmart stores and get that distribution. Oh, yeah, then we probably don't even need Amazon. I mean, you do. I mean that will only amplify each other. Each other's. Okay, well, anyway, let's go back to seller Central and. Yeah, that one. And then on the top left corner you see that hamburger menu and reports under reports, go to business reports. Yeah. And from the left, select detail page Sales. Second option by. Yeah, second one just above that one. Yeah, click on that and select by Month on the views by. Yeah. And then select six months or one year, whatever you have been. Okay, let's do one year. Okay. Okay. Oh, so you have been selling for almost a. I mean, at least four years. More than that. More than that, actually. Oh. Like I said, some of them I've been selling since 2019, but they were like 1, 2 SKUs. 1, 2, 3 SKUs. Recently, I've ramped up the SKUs. Got it. Okay. Yeah. All right, so let's. Yeah, let's scroll down a little bit and see the numbers, how they have fluctuated over time. It looks like you could scale even up to $9,500 a month last year in April, but then that has. Yeah. So the peak season is February, March, April, May, Summer. Yeah. Kind of spring. Yeah. Spring, Summer. Yeah. Okay. Gardening time. Gardening time. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you wanted to just compare the last two or three months that you have been working with them, and it looks like it hasn't done much. It hasn't done much. I was expecting they will 10 exit in an ideal situation, but at least 3 exit. Right. I would be happy with that, but I don't know what's happened. I mean. Okay. That's a big expectation, I would say. It does take time, by the way. Okay. So I mean, I would say to see even an indication, I mean, one needs to be a little bit patient, let's say to see some growth, you should at least wait three months. I'm. I'm saying this in a very honest way. Even if you. I mean, you're. If you continue working with them, I think even in that case, you should be a little bit more patient. Yeah. Maybe after three or four months you see an indication. Oh, I saw 20% or 30% increase. Good. If it continues for a year, maybe it will double. Right. And also the 10x increase may happen, but that's not very common. It's not common. Okay. What can I expect from a PPC agency? I mean, I know a little bit. I use helium 10. Yeah. That kind of stuff. But, you know, there's a limit to how much. I know, I know SEO and all that kind of stuff a little bit nicely, but PPC is a slightly different beast. True. And I'm not the expert on it. I've been handling it till now, but I thought an agency will do much better than. Than what I know. But that hasn't happened. Right. So. Yeah. What? Yeah. So to ask you a question, how much upside do you think now? You know, the products, you know the skills. I'M trying to also increase the number of SKUs to. Right now maybe I have 12, 13, 15, but I want to active SKUs. I want to ramp it up to 25, 30, 40, 50 eventually this year, hopefully. Yeah, I understand that. Okay, so here's what I'll propose. I think that it's of course not possible for me to give you a category forecast how much you can grow. But what we can do is we need to review the foundation. By that I mean we need to review the foundation first. So the products that. Let's start with the products that you're selling. And let's see, you see, you want to make money, right? You just don't want to scale your products just for the sake of selling 40,000, 50,000 or 100,000, not for the sake of revenue. You want to make money profitable too. Exactly. So what we need to do is we need to review the SKUs that you have right now, the demand that we get to see in the market for those products. And at the same time, let's also review the price, the SKU economics basically, and all the costs after that. How much money do you have left? And, and based on that, how much money does it make sense for you to invest on ads to acquire customers? Right. So we need to have a, we need to have these, have a clear idea around the demand and also the, also the contribution margin for each product so that we can say that, okay, for the first three or four or whatever six months we'll be investing this much on apps and eventually our goal by the end of the year will be this. So we need to define that strategy first rather than just saying, you know what, I think I can increase it by 30% in three months. I can never tell you that, honestly, but all I can do is I can do this analysis and then see, I think there is a potential for these products and so we need to prioritize them. That's what I can tell you. I'll quickly show you, Soham, what the other guys are doing. For example, very quickly, for example, we have, of course now these brands are also available in stores, but some of them are actually not available in stores. And like for example, this guy, this guy is not in stores. As far as I know, this is a large company, miracle grow, you must be aware of it, so we'll exclude them. But for example, this one is not a, not a store company. Of course the price is good, but they are selling. Look at this. I see that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And not just, yeah, not just that there are many others who are, you know, in that, in that price range. I get that. Yeah, yeah. So about thousand, two thousand some of them. Like for example, this one is probably like 8,9000. Yes. But of course this is a big brand, so we can ignore that 9K. Right. And the season has not even started. Right. This is a pure online brand. Pure, pure online. Now they're getting the stores, but you know, so 1k. And the price is not low. The price is very high for a very small packet. Yeah. Like not even. I don't know how much it is. Half a pound. Okay. It's still very pricey. 27. This is US dollars. Yeah. Even with 5% coupon is still expensive. So. Yeah. So demand is there. It's just that you know how to get there. Yes, I, I get that. I get what you're saying. You know what I'll do is I will probably. Let me share something with you. It. You will probably find this one helpful. I mean this is my process. So if, when you start working with anybody, this is what we do. Let me give you. Have you watched Mostly with.com ca or. Or India or. We have worked with. We have worked with mostly US and Canadian ones and also in the uk. Okay, One second. You haven't worked with the Garden brand, have you? I haven't. Okay. Is this something that. Yeah. Is this something that you see repeat purchases or not like supplements, but. But yeah, yeah, you see repeat. So most of the products have. They're now, now Amazon has offered us subscribe and Save. So yeah, it's not too much repeat. But yeah, it is repeat like, but not obviously not crazy repeat. Maybe two, three times a year. Let's call it. Got it. Okay, let me. I understand that. So the frequency is way less than supplements or any kind of. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. All right, so let me share my screen and show you. This is my pitch take. Now here we have a lot of. Well, let me stop sharing one second. Okay. Yeah. Okay. All right. Can you see my screen now? Yeah. All right, so this is my pitch deck. We have a lot of information here. We will not cover everything. Let me talk about the most important things that we need to do right now if we were to work together. So well. Okay, one second. Okay. So this is my five step process with. Whenever we work with somebody, the first step is of course to run an audit. Here we do a few things. We review the product portfolio. That's the first thing that I was talking to you about. Listing quality scorecard. We also review the ad performance. You have been running ads, so we need to do that too. And also we need to do pricing and profitability analysis for your case. It will be really helpful to do that. Now I'm only going to talk about this, probably the step one and step two. That's what is going to be helpful if we discuss this now. The reason I'm telling you. Okay, let's also look at a few other things. So under step one, when you are looking at your products, this is we need to first of all understand your account health, the gross margin on all the expenses. So here for example, you see the revenue, overall revenue and then plus all the expenses in a waterfall chart. And then how much you have as your gross margin after all the expenses at your account level. The second thing we need to look at is also the same things. The revenue and all the expenses, the costs at the product level and the contribution margin of each product. Because if you understand these, then you will know that oh, this product doesn't work. We need to do something about it. This product works for me. You need to have a clear idea about all these expenses. Sometimes maybe for the ten dollar product, if you're advertising, depending your cost of. On depending on your cost of goods and shipping and handling expense and all other expenses, it may not even be worth spending on ads and try to skip. Because no matter how much you scale, you will never make profit. So what's the point? So in fact you will get going to loss sometimes. Exactly. So we need to have a very clear idea about that. And then if you know that this is what is going on, you will then be able to think or compel to think what you can do about it to make it profitable with the same product. Maybe. Right. For example, bundle it or something like that. Yeah. Instead of selling maybe one pack, one unit, maybe you sell two units together. That way you will also be able to offer better cost efficiency to the customers and you will also make money just for an example. But we need to do that analysis. That's the first step. And content, based on the example that you saw showed me, it looked like you have worked on the content, but still it needs a review. These are all the components that you need to review. It's not just the product page, the storefront, and also A plus content. You don't have A plus content. That's what I saw. A plus, A plus. I have the option because we have brand registry, but I've not worked on it and just done a sloppy job. Yeah, yeah. It needs to be done more professionally. I understand that. And even for the images there's always scopes of improvements. So I mean we need to do that audit and understand where each of our products stand and then add performance review. So here we review the campaign structure that you have in place for each of your product, how budgets are being allocated to each of your product and how the true roas is look how the true roas looks like for all of your products at the product level and also at the same time. Search term analysis Trying to understand where the opportunities are for search terms. For example, this column shows your search term impression share rank compares your search term impression share win rate with other options that are available out there. And just to give you an example, if we see the conversion rate for one search term is relatively higher whether we are comparing it to your average converse product conversion rate or with the category average. But at the same time if we see if we are not winning as much impression share and that's an opportunity search, we need to do that analysis. At the same time we need to understand where we're wasting our money but to to grow like if we understand where the opportunities are, if we have that idea, then you will be investing your money there on those search terms and for the specific products that will help you grow. Now with all these audits, the insights that we got from our audits, we'll get a ton of insights, right? But we cannot work on all of those things at the same time. Time we need to say what are the things we need to prioritize, right? So for example for your case offers and pricing, this is going to be one of the most important things that we need to work on. Content we will review. But looks like you have worked on that. Not sure how much it needs to be worked on right now, but anyway, let's say you have 13 products. We're not going to do content for all 13. Probably we're going to pick two or three products and we'll say oh for these two or three products we need to improve these and these and these things we need to be very selective. We need to prioritize. So yeah, in this strategy part that's what we do. We we review your offer and pricing. A BA versus fbm. That's something you have figured out. I guess you're doing a BA already. So offer and pricing content advertising and also there are a bunch of other stuff. Review strategy is one of them. So we need to come up with a strategy for that long term growth in the second step. I Will just stop here because I don't think we have that much time, first of all. And this is something we can talk about if we decide to move forward. But hopefully this gives you an idea how my approach would be in case we work together. Sure, sure. A couple of questions. One is, are you only relying on brand analytics or are you also using tools like Helium 10, Jungle Scout? Yeah, Brand analytics and Helium 10. These are two of the things that we use. Okay. And then how is your pricing structure? So how does it work? So for this audit, it generally is between 200 to 500, depending on the account that we are working it for the audit. Audit and then strategy. I'll create a proposal for you and for advertising it. It's only in the U.S. right. And you have 13, 14 years. Yeah. How many SKUs do you have? We're going to up the SKUs, but right now, 16, I think Amazon ones. I'll tell you from my app here, Like mostly the MBA is what's important. Inventory. Manage inventory. 1, 2, 3, 4. Yeah, Call it. Call it 1415. Yeah. Okay. 1415. Yeah. Okay. All right. So it may be 20 in a few months, but yeah, around that number. Right. One second. Right. I mean, I will need to think about the pricing a little bit. To give you an example. What we usually do just. Just for an example. So if we had to handle up to five listings in both marketplaces. Let's see U.S. and Canada, that would come to. I'm talking about in Canadian, $1600 plus 3% commission on just the growth. So let's say if you do $5,000 right now and we can scale it to 10,000amonth, then we will charge 3% on the growth, which is 5,000. Now, this is for both marketplaces. I need to think about your. Your case specifically, and you also your particular situation. I don't think it would make sense for you to pay sixteen hundred dollars a month to manage your ads right now. So we'll need to figure out a base price and then rely on the commission on growth. Yeah, yeah. So I'll be honest, that's way beyond our budget. I'll tell you what, I'm paying the current company. I'm paying them 200amonth. That also includes their software. Okay. Which is like $150 a month, which they normally charge. Yeah. Or 99amonth, something like that. Yeah, 99 to 150. So I'm paying just 200. I includes the software. And then. And I. And then they take about 7 1/2% on the Amazon sales. Yes. Not on the total sales, but on the Amazon sales, the ad sales. Okay, right. And the reason I charge 3% on the growth, overall growth is because Amazon ads is not only about the Amazon ad sales, it's impacting your organic ranking. So that's how I think I'm impacting your overall sales. And that's the reality. That's not just how I think. But anyway. Yeah, I understand that. So what, what should you, what would you like to do from here? Yeah, so I mean if we can work on, on the similar lines, if you don't like the ad sales, we can work out on the total growth. Fine with that. But then how would you, how would you do the growth? Like does the budget remain the same or how does. A lot of the growth will depend on the budget. Right. Yes. Here's the real thing. Even if you, let's say, don't end up working with me for ads or your listing content improvement, I think the first which is to understand where you stand right now and what would be the best path for the strategy. I think that's something you need to do. You need to have that figured out and then if you want you can implement on your own or work with another person who is more affordable. That's totally okay. But this is what is, I think will be most helpful for you. So I mean the price range is generally between 200 to 500 depending on the account size. I can, let me have some time to think about the number of SKUs you have and I can probably send tell you that, okay, this is going to be your price. If you want to move forward, we can review your current SKUs, the profitability at the account and the product label level, reviewer, ads and content and prepare a plan for that. These are the things that I found, these are the insights and this is what I think you need to prioritize and then I can, we can have another discussion about. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. What, what does your. You did show me, but generally what all does the audit include? Okay, let me share my screen. Yeah, yeah, sure. Okay. My audit will include first of all the account level and product level profitability or cost analysis. This is what you see. This is the account level analysis. This is the product level analysis. Second thing is it will include content audit for your listings. And the third thing is your ad performance review. We are going to review how your campaigns are structured, the budget allocation that are being done currently and also search term analysis and see where the opportunities are. These are the primary three Things that we audit. And would there be a suggestions or strategy after that too? Yes, yes. So I will share these insights with you and then also recommend that look, this is more about the first step that we're going to take. So it will also include the strategies in case you want to move forward with us. Then these are the things that we are going to prioritize. I'll also give you that the strategy and that's what exactly we'll be doing. If you. If we work together, if you want to implement it yourself, that's totally fine. Yeah, sure. Yeah. I mean think about it and give me. Give me a good offer. I can hear the doubt and thoughtfulness in your voice. I understand the cost is more than what you're spending right now. And I'm not trying to be salesy. Honestly, I'm just. I just think that this, this is the first thing. This is the insight that you need. Whether you get it from me or from anyone else, this is what you need right now. You need to have a clear vision about what you need to what. Where you stand right now and what would be beneficial for you in the long run. Sure. Yeah. All right. So give. Give me some time. Let's say. I understand. This is not like. Give me two days, please. I have a few deliverables and I'll get back to you, Review your products and then get back to you. All right? Sure, sure. No problem. And if you want access, if you want access to anything, let me know and I can. Sure, we'll need that. Once you confirm that you want to want me to do the audit, then we'll need the access. Sure. On the audit, are you going to give me a good deal? Sure, I will do that. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Appreciate it, sir. No problem. Look forward to hearing from you then. Yeah. Hey Naim, before you go, I mean, I hope this is okay to ask. Where are you from? I mean are you from. Are you born in. Yeah. So. Yeah, I grew up in Nagpur and did my schooling from Pune. Okay. So you're also from India. Yeah. Yeah. I see. Okay, well, it's wonderful and nice talking to you, Naim. I'll get back to you. Okay. Yeah. Have a wonderful. Bye now. Take care. Bye. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: The numbers, I mean, I'm just trying to see how much you have spent. I'm not going to comment right away whether it's okay or not.

Speaker B: I.

Speaker A: Okay, let's click on that spend.

Speaker B: Can you click on spend is less? But we have gone up to thousand a month.

Speaker A: Okay, got it. And with this. 800.

Speaker B: 800,000. Like that? Yeah, got it. Okay.

Speaker A: And then with this spend, on average, what is your monthly revenue? Total revenue. Not from ads.

Speaker B: Total revenue. Right? Yeah, yeah. Total revenue a month is about organic and PPC included is about 4800. Call it 5000.

Speaker A: 45,000.

Speaker B: No, 4500.

Speaker A: 4500.

Speaker B: 4500 to 5000 in that range.

Speaker A: So you are spending about 10% on ads.

Speaker B: Correct, Correct. So what's happening is my, my average conversion is about 9 or 10%. So every 10 clicks I get, I get one sale. Does that make sense?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, now I get that.

Speaker B: Now the thing is, I don't want to spend crazy money because the product value itself is like 15 and $9 and $20 average. Let's call it $15. So if I'm even spending 25 or 30 cents per click, then 10 clicks is costing, costing me $3. Beyond that, then I get. I'm going into a loss.

Speaker A: Right, exactly. Yeah, your prices are

Speaker B: low.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: So that's my challenge. So. So, you know, you tell me what you have in mind. So now this Indian company I contacted, I mean, they're doing, I don't know how to say that, doing good or bad. I don't think they're doing that great because what they did was basically we made some campaign, but all my organic, there were some keywords like urea, fertilizer, 4600, blah, blah. There are many keywords that I was ranking organically for. Anyway, they took those keywords and put it in campaigns. Now obviously all that has siphoned from organic to ppc, but I would have gotten a sale anyway. So I'd rather focus on keywords that are not coming organically but for me to communicate this to them, you know, it's not so easy. So, yeah, so they're just, they're just, you know, pulling the sale from there and putting it here. I, I don't want that. I want new sale for I. For, for items that, for. For keywords that I don't rank for. And then, yeah, you want to, you

Speaker A: want to use the advertisement dollars to acquire new customers on the Amazon platform platform, rather than just capturing the audience that you could capture organically.

Speaker B: Anyway, exactly, exactly. And. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. And then my sale hasn't increased considerably since I'm doing. I'm working with them for the last, I think two or three months. Okay, maybe two months. Yeah. November, December. Yeah, about three months. But hasn't increased like a crazy amount. Right, I can show you. Oh, let's say. I don't know.

Speaker A: Well, I'll tell you what we look at. Let's go to seller central again.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay. No, let's go to seller center. Yeah.

Speaker A: So about this company, I understand that we are trying to do these on Amazon. Apart from that, how does this company work? How do they distribute their products?

Speaker B: Yes. So mostly we are doing. So one is the website, which is kind of very new, so we don't have orders yet. On this one we are. Why is it a bit slow today? Okay, there it is. So we doing website, we're doing Walmart and we're doing at Se.

Speaker A: Okay, and when you say Walmart, is it store distributed or is it just Walmart?

Speaker B: Okay, only, only. Okay.

Speaker A: So it's solely online. Everything that you're doing is online.

Speaker B: Everything is online. Everything is online, yes. Yes. We haven't been able to crack. We are trying to get into stores, but. But the. Yeah, but the line is kind of relatively new. One, two products are two, three years old. But the main line, like most of these products, about six months old.

Speaker A: I see.

Speaker B: That's it. Yeah, yeah. Right. Six months to a year, call it. Yeah, so we are trying. You're trying to get into stores. So this is wholesale. So we're trying to get into. You're familiar with garden centers, right?

Speaker A: No, I'm not.

Speaker B: Like, like. Okay, like these garden centers, like this kind. Yeah. So we're trying to get into garden centers. Like in Toronto you have Garden Gallery and those kind of Sheridan Nurseries. That kind of. And in the Houston area, we have Houston Garden center that are stores, basically stores for gardening.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Home Depot, Walmart. That is very hard to get into. But depending on that would be a

Speaker A: big deal if you can get into Walmart stores and get that distribution.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah, then we probably don't even need Amazon.

Speaker A: I mean, you do. I mean that will only amplify each other. Each other's. Okay, well, anyway, let's go back to seller Central and. Yeah, that one. And then on the top left corner you see that hamburger menu and reports under reports, go to business reports.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And from the left, select detail page Sales. Second option by. Yeah, second one just above that one. Yeah, click on that and select by Month on the views by. Yeah. And then select six months or one year, whatever you have been.

Speaker B: Okay, let's do one year. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. Oh, so you have been selling for almost a. I mean, at least four years.

Speaker B: More than that. More than that, actually.

Speaker A: Oh.

Speaker B: Like I said, some of them I've been selling since 2019, but they were like 1, 2 SKUs. 1, 2, 3 SKUs. Recently, I've ramped up the SKUs. Got it. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: All right, so let's. Yeah, let's scroll down a little bit and see the numbers, how they have fluctuated over time. It looks like you could scale even up to $9,500 a month last year in April, but then that has.

Speaker B: Yeah. So the peak season is February, March, April, May, Summer. Yeah. Kind of spring. Yeah. Spring, Summer. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Gardening time.

Speaker B: Gardening time. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. So you wanted to just compare the last two or three months that you have been working with them, and it looks like it hasn't done much.

Speaker B: It hasn't done much. I was expecting they will 10 exit in an ideal situation, but at least 3 exit. Right. I would be happy with that, but I don't know what's happened.

Speaker A: I mean. Okay. That's a big expectation, I would say. It does take time, by the way.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So I mean, I would say to see even an indication, I mean, one needs to be a little bit patient, let's say to see some growth, you should at least wait three months. I'm. I'm saying this in a very honest way. Even if you. I mean, you're. If you continue working with them, I think even in that case, you should be a little bit more patient.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Maybe after three or four months you see an indication. Oh, I saw 20% or 30% increase. Good. If it continues for a year, maybe it will double.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: And also the 10x increase may happen, but that's not very common.

Speaker B: It's not common. Okay. What can I expect from a PPC agency? I mean, I know a little bit. I use helium 10.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: That kind of stuff. But, you know, there's a limit to how much. I know, I know SEO and all that kind of stuff a little bit nicely, but PPC is a slightly different beast.

Speaker A: True.

Speaker B: And I'm not the expert on it. I've been handling it till now, but I thought an agency will do much better than. Than what I know. But that hasn't happened. Right. So. Yeah. What? Yeah. So to ask you a question, how much upside do you think now? You know, the products, you know the skills. I'M trying to also increase the number of SKUs to. Right now maybe I have 12, 13, 15, but I want to active SKUs. I want to ramp it up to 25, 30, 40, 50 eventually this year, hopefully.

Speaker A: Yeah, I understand that. Okay, so here's what I'll propose. I think that it's of course not possible for me to give you a category forecast how much you can grow. But what we can do is we need to review the foundation. By that I mean we need to review the foundation first. So the products that. Let's start with the products that you're selling. And let's see, you see, you want to make money, right? You just don't want to scale your products just for the sake of selling 40,000, 50,000 or 100,000, not for the sake of revenue.

Speaker B: You want to make money profitable too.

Speaker A: Exactly. So what we need to do is we need to review the SKUs that you have right now, the demand that we get to see in the market for those products. And at the same time, let's also review the price, the SKU economics basically, and all the costs after that. How much money do you have left? And, and based on that, how much money does it make sense for you to invest on ads to acquire customers?

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: So we need to have a, we need to have these, have a clear idea around the demand and also the, also the contribution margin for each product so that we can say that, okay, for the first three or four or whatever six months we'll be investing this much on apps and eventually our goal by the end of the year will be this. So we need to define that strategy

Speaker B: first

Speaker A: rather than just saying, you know what, I think I can increase it by 30% in three months. I can never tell you that, honestly, but all I can do is I can do this analysis and then see, I think there is a potential for these products and so we need to prioritize them. That's what I can tell you.

Speaker B: I'll quickly show you, Soham, what the other guys are doing. For example, very quickly, for example, we have, of course now these brands are also available in stores, but some of them are actually not available in stores. And like for example, this guy, this guy is not in stores. As far as I know, this is a large company, miracle grow, you must be aware of it, so we'll exclude them. But for example, this one is not a, not a store company. Of course the price is good, but they are selling. Look at this.

Speaker A: I see that.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And not just, yeah, not just that there are many others who are, you know, in that, in that price range.

Speaker A: I get that.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. So about thousand, two thousand some of them. Like for example, this one is probably like 8,9000.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: But of course this is a big brand, so we can ignore that 9K.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: And the season has not even started. Right. This is a pure online brand. Pure, pure online. Now they're getting the stores, but you know, so 1k. And the price is not low. The price is very high for a very small packet.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Like not even. I don't know how much it is. Half a pound. Okay. It's still very pricey. 27. This is US dollars. Yeah. Even with 5% coupon is still expensive. So. Yeah. So demand is there. It's just that you know how to get there.

Speaker A: Yes, I, I get that. I get what you're saying. You know what I'll do is I will probably. Let me share something with you.

Speaker B: It.

Speaker A: You will probably find this one helpful. I mean this is my process. So if, when you start working with anybody, this is what we do. Let me give you.

Speaker B: Have you watched Mostly with.com ca or. Or India or.

Speaker A: We have worked with. We have worked with mostly US and Canadian ones and also in the uk.

Speaker B: Okay, One second. You haven't worked with the Garden brand, have you?

Speaker A: I haven't.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Is this something that. Yeah. Is this something that you see repeat purchases

Speaker B: or not like supplements, but. But yeah, yeah, you see repeat. So most of the products have. They're now, now Amazon has offered us subscribe and Save. So yeah, it's not too much repeat. But yeah, it is repeat like, but not obviously not crazy repeat. Maybe two, three times a year. Let's call it.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay, let me. I understand that. So the frequency is way less than supplements or any kind of.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: All right, so let me share my screen and show you. This is my pitch take. Now here we have a lot of.

Speaker B: Well, let me stop sharing one second.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: All right. Can you see my screen now?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: All right, so this is my pitch deck. We have a lot of information here. We will not cover everything. Let me talk about the most important things that we need to do right now if we were to work together. So

Speaker B: well.

Speaker A: Okay, one second.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So this is my five step process with. Whenever we work with somebody, the first step is of course to run an audit. Here we do a few things. We review the product portfolio. That's the first thing that I was talking to you about. Listing quality scorecard. We also review the ad performance. You have been running ads, so we need to do that too. And also we need to do pricing and profitability analysis for your case. It will be really helpful to do that. Now I'm only going to talk about this, probably the step one and step two. That's what is going to be helpful if we discuss this now. The reason I'm telling you. Okay, let's also look at a few other things. So under step one, when you are looking at your products, this is

Speaker B: we

Speaker A: need to first of all understand your account health, the gross margin on all the expenses. So here for example, you see the revenue, overall revenue and then plus all the expenses in a waterfall chart. And then how much you have as your gross margin after all the expenses at your account level. The second thing we need to look at is also the same things. The revenue and all the expenses, the costs at the product level and the contribution margin of each product. Because if you understand these, then you will know that oh, this product doesn't work. We need to do something about it. This product works for me. You need to have a clear idea about all these expenses. Sometimes maybe for the ten dollar product, if you're advertising, depending your cost of. On depending on your cost of goods and shipping and handling expense and all other expenses, it may not even be worth spending on ads and try to skip. Because no matter how much you scale, you will never make profit. So what's the point?

Speaker B: So in fact you will get going to loss sometimes.

Speaker A: Exactly. So we need to have a very clear idea about that. And then if you know that this is what is going on, you will then be able to think or compel to think what you can do about it to make it profitable with the same product. Maybe. Right.

Speaker B: For example, bundle it or something like that.

Speaker A: Yeah. Instead of selling maybe one pack, one unit, maybe you sell two units together. That way you will also be able to offer better cost efficiency to the customers and you will also make money just for an example. But we need to do that analysis. That's the first step. And content, based on the example that you saw showed me, it looked like you have worked on the content, but still it needs a review. These are all the components that you need to review. It's not just the product page, the storefront, and also A plus content. You don't have A plus content. That's what I saw.

Speaker B: A plus, A plus. I have the option because we have brand registry, but I've not worked on it and just done a sloppy job.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: It needs to be done more professionally.

Speaker A: I understand that. And even for the images there's always scopes of improvements. So I mean we need to do that audit and understand where each of our products stand and then add performance review. So here we review the campaign structure that you have in place for each of your product, how budgets are being allocated to each of your product and how the true roas is look how the true roas looks like for

Speaker B: all

Speaker A: of your products at the product level and also at the same time. Search term analysis Trying to understand where the opportunities are for search terms. For example, this column shows your search term impression share rank compares your search term impression share win rate with other options that are available out there. And just to give you an example, if we see the conversion rate for one search term is relatively higher whether we are comparing it to your average converse product conversion rate or with the category average. But at the same time if we see if we are not winning as much impression share and that's an opportunity search, we need to do that analysis. At the same time we need to understand where we're wasting our money but to to grow like if we understand where the opportunities are, if we have that idea, then you will be investing your money there on those search terms and for the specific products that will help you grow. Now with all these audits, the insights that we got from our audits, we'll get a ton of insights, right? But we cannot work on all of those things at the same time. Time we need to say what are the things we need to prioritize, right? So for example for your case offers and pricing, this is going to be one of the most important things that

Speaker B: we need to work on.

Speaker A: Content we will review. But looks like you have worked on that. Not sure how much it needs to be worked on right now, but anyway, let's say you have 13 products. We're not going to do content for all 13. Probably we're going to pick two or three products and we'll say oh for these two or three products we need to improve these and these and these things we need to be very selective. We need to prioritize. So yeah, in this strategy part that's what we do. We we review your offer and pricing. A BA versus fbm. That's something you have figured out. I guess you're doing a BA already. So offer and pricing content advertising and also there are a bunch of other stuff. Review strategy is one of them. So we need to come up with a strategy for that long term growth in the second step. I Will just stop here because I don't think we have that much time, first of all. And this is something we can talk about if we decide to move forward. But hopefully this gives you an idea how my approach would be in case we work together.

Speaker B: Sure, sure. A couple of questions. One is, are you only relying on brand analytics or are you also using tools like Helium 10, Jungle Scout?

Speaker A: Yeah, Brand analytics and Helium 10. These are two of the things that we use.

Speaker B: Okay. And then how is your pricing structure? So how does it work?

Speaker A: So for this audit, it generally is between 200 to 500, depending on the account that we are working it for the audit. Audit and then strategy. I'll create a proposal for you and for advertising it. It's only in the U.S. right. And you have 13, 14 years.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: How many SKUs do you have?

Speaker B: We're going to up the SKUs, but right now, 16, I think Amazon ones. I'll tell you from my app here, Like mostly the MBA is what's important. Inventory. Manage inventory. 1, 2, 3, 4. Yeah, Call it. Call it 1415. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: 1415.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: All right. So

Speaker B: it may be 20 in a few months, but yeah, around that number.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: One second.

Speaker A: Right. I mean, I will need to think about the pricing a little bit. To give you an example. What we usually do just. Just for an example. So if we had to handle up to five listings in both marketplaces. Let's see U.S. and Canada, that would come to. I'm talking about in Canadian, $1600 plus 3% commission on just the growth. So let's say if you do $5,000 right now and we can scale it to 10,000amonth, then we will charge 3% on the growth, which is 5,000. Now, this is for both marketplaces. I need to think about your. Your case specifically, and you also your particular situation. I don't think it would make sense for you to pay sixteen hundred dollars a month to manage your ads right now. So we'll need to figure out a base price and then rely on the commission on growth.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. So I'll be honest, that's way beyond our budget. I'll tell you what, I'm paying the current company. I'm paying them 200amonth. That also includes their software.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Which is like $150 a month, which they normally charge. Yeah. Or 99amonth, something like that. Yeah, 99 to 150. So I'm paying just 200. I includes the software. And then. And I. And then they take about 7 1/2% on the Amazon sales.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Not on the total sales, but on

Speaker A: the Amazon sales, the ad sales.

Speaker B: Okay, right.

Speaker A: And the reason I charge 3% on the growth, overall growth is because Amazon ads is not only about the Amazon ad sales, it's impacting your organic ranking. So that's how I think I'm impacting your overall sales. And that's the reality. That's not just how I think. But anyway. Yeah, I understand that. So what, what should you, what would you like to do from here?

Speaker B: Yeah, so I mean if we can work on, on the similar lines, if you don't like the ad sales, we can work out on the total growth. Fine with that. But then how would you, how would you do the growth? Like does the budget remain the same or how does. A lot of the growth will depend on the budget. Right.

Speaker A: Yes. Here's the real thing. Even if you, let's say, don't end up working with me for ads or your listing content improvement, I think the first which is to understand where you stand right now and what would be the best path for the strategy. I think that's something you need to do. You need to have that figured out and then if you want you can implement on your own or work with another person who is more affordable. That's totally okay. But this is what is, I think will be most helpful for you. So I mean the price range is generally between 200 to 500 depending on the account size. I can, let me have some time to think about the number of SKUs you have and I can probably send tell you that, okay, this is going to be your price. If you want to move forward, we can review your current SKUs, the profitability at the account and the product label level, reviewer, ads and content and prepare a plan for that. These are the things that I found, these are the insights and this is what I think you need to prioritize and then I can, we can have another discussion about.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah. Yeah. What, what does your. You did show me, but generally what all does the audit include?

Speaker A: Okay, let me share my screen.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, sure.

Speaker A: Okay. My audit will include first of all the account level and product level profitability or cost analysis. This is what you see. This is the account level analysis. This is the product level analysis. Second thing is it will include content audit for your listings. And the third thing is your ad performance review. We are going to review how your campaigns are structured, the budget allocation that are being done currently and also search term analysis and see where the opportunities are. These are the primary three Things that we audit.

Speaker B: And would there be a suggestions or strategy after that too?

Speaker A: Yes, yes. So I will share these insights with you and then also recommend that look, this is more about the first step that we're going to take. So it will also include the strategies in case you want to move forward with us. Then these are the things that we are going to prioritize. I'll also give you that the strategy and that's what exactly we'll be doing. If you. If we work together, if you want to implement it yourself, that's totally fine.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. Yeah. I mean think about it and give me. Give me a good offer.

Speaker A: I can hear the doubt and thoughtfulness in your voice. I understand the cost is more than what you're spending right now. And I'm not trying to be salesy. Honestly, I'm just. I just think that this, this is the first thing. This is the insight that you need. Whether you get it from me or from anyone else, this is what you need right now. You need to have a clear vision about what you need to what. Where you stand right now and what would be beneficial for you in the long run.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Yeah. All right. So give. Give me some time. Let's say. I understand. This is not like. Give me two days, please. I have a few deliverables and I'll get back to you, Review your products and then get back to you.

Speaker B: All right? Sure, sure. No problem. And if you want access, if you want access to anything, let me know and I can.

Speaker A: Sure, we'll need that. Once you confirm that you want to want me to do the audit, then we'll need the access.

Speaker B: Sure. On the audit, are you going to give me a good deal?

Speaker A: Sure, I will do that.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Appreciate it, sir.

Speaker A: No problem.

Speaker B: Look forward to hearing from you then.

Speaker A: Yeah. Hey Naim, before you go, I mean, I hope this is okay to ask. Where are you from? I mean are you from. Are you born in.

Speaker B: Yeah. So. Yeah, I grew up in Nagpur and did my schooling from Pune.

Speaker A: Okay. So you're also from India.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. I see. Okay, well, it's wonderful and nice talking to you, Naim. I'll get back to you.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Have a wonderful. Bye now.

Speaker B: Take care. Bye. Bye.

