Transcript for: Recording__240.mp4
Title: Recording #240
============================================================

What, like negative 2000 per month? Yes, about that. Right? Negative 2000, I think. How much? That client was 7000, 6400 plus 2500. Right. So almost all of it. Okay. 6.4 plus 2.578. So 9000. Okay, so quite a bit, yeah. Okay, well, this is fine. It's common that in the beginning when you're doing like whatever, 10, 20, $30,000 a month, that you may have one account that makes up the majority of your revenue. So really you just got to push through and like sign more accounts and diversify your risk. And if, if for some reason, Shahom, this client was to leave unexpectedly, you know, your employees would understand that you need to temporarily move them to an hourly basis and reduce their salaries because this was the client that made up the majority of the revenue. I think a lot of entrepreneurs have this fear of like, oh my God, if the client leaves, I won't be able to pay their salaries. But the reality is, is that if the client leaves and you can't pay their salaries, you can't pay their salaries. So they need to be understanding that you, as the entrepreneur are taking all this risk and all this stress, let's call it. And people are very understanding. So try not to get to worry too much about that happening. Just do your best to give the best results you can for this client and at some point ask for an annual contract and, you know, working on marketing, really this is the most important thing. Like, it's great that you have this client that's making up the majority of your revenue, but we really gotta start putting out marketing. And I think that you getting this data analyst and getting into AMC and getting into, you know, analytics and starting to post content about analytics and data is the best thing you can do for your marketing because very few people do it. And it's, you know, people think that Amazon is saturated. No, it's not. The marketing materials that people put out is saturated. Some of the best marketing materials that I'm seeing in the market at Destiny, seen in different people, is these people that are making posts based on analytics. This is what people really care about now. So, like Joe Shellerud made a post about Prime Day analytics and how people that have deals were 200% or 300% more likely to get X amount more revenue or something. I don't remember what the analytics were, but this is the type of content that people in the marketplace really want. And so you're going in the right direction. Just let's make sure to start marketing ourselves. With your skill set, which seems to be analytics and the ability to understand data. But there's nothing else you can really do in this scenario aside from try to get an annual contract. Got it? Okay, sounds good. Now something that's important is for Valerie. The advantage here is I'm going to get her full time, full time attention. Right. So it's like what I feel is because we have been friends for a long time too in like we have known her for one and a half decade now. I love that. And, and we have worked on things even before this. The compensation of 45k is honestly low. I mean, compared to what she can get if she gets another job. So what I feel is that there it's like, okay, so here's the thing. I feel that in the very beginning she will be involved in 20 hours and as Hugh was doing with me for the account management responsibilities and all, and then this extra 20 hours for inventory management, operational things. But what I feel is eventually I need to be able to free up some of her time from both of these things and so that she can eventually work on some of the business related stuff. Stuff. Business development related stuff. Yeah. And I think that's not just what I want. That's going to be crucial for her too. She would like to do that. And if she can contribute in that way, I think I should come up with a compensation plan that will actually later earn more by doing that. Yeah. So at and for that I need a clear plan of action and I have no idea how to do that. Yeah, we can talk about it. So. Let's see, I'm thinking about your scenario right now. What the best thing to do would be for compensation. Certainly some type of percentage of billings that she manages would be the easiest model at this current stage of the company. And also that aligns with the incentivization to get into business development, which you really need help with. Now does that align with her strengths? Can you talk to me about what her strengths are as a person? Do you know her profiles or different personalities? That's a nice point. I thought about it, but I didn't take a note of that. I mean, I thought about it before. I should have taken note that I need to discuss it with you in this meeting. So. Nice point. Well, I have known her for long enough, but then I haven't thought about it in this from this perspective. Right. How she can contribute to business. And so also I think I need to talk to you about the process of what I need to look into or what I need to analyze. Yeah. So. Well, I would have her do the. The. So do you. Do you remember the training? Did you go through the training in Agency Enlightened that talks about finding a business partner? No, because that was not the necessity. Okay, let me pull it up for you because this seems like it's relevant. Let me find it. Okay, let me share screen. So in Agency Enlightened fundamentals, you're going to see finding a partner. And really what this is is know thyself. The first step to finding a perfect partner is to know thyself. You should do these assessments yourself and just so that you know who you are and what your strengths are. Now, you probably have already a decent sense of what your strengths are. You don't have to do this, but I really recommend that you do do it. So there's a rocket fuel assessment. This is a free assessment. There's CliftonStrengths. It's I think $50 for this assessment. And then there's Kobe, which is also about $55 for this assessment. Now, at a minimum show home. You should do A and B. The difference between CliftonStrengths and Kobe is that Kobe A is really telling you about how people take action. So modus operandi. Okay. And CliftonStrengths is really going to tell you what is your strength. Okay. So it's. There's a slight difference. The most important that I could recommend for you, though, would be a minimum of cliftonstrengths and rocket fuel. And, you know, that'll save you $110. You don't need to do CO BA. I would just. Let's just start with these two. And this will be really insightful because we can tell her to do biz dev, but if that doesn't align with her, it might be an uphill battle. And that's okay. Sometimes there's times where you need people to go uphill, even if it's not their strength, because you need her in the business right now, and she's the best person to help you with this current situation. And she would probably also be the most loyal person that you could get, an intelligent person, at a rate that is far below the aver value. And so we need to use all the advantages that we have around us and the best people that we feel like we want to work with. So don't worry too much. If her assessments don't align with what is a business development person, that's irrelevant, right? Like, it doesn't really matter. You still need to do business. But it doesn't seem like that's your strength. You're more of like this amazing, operational, analytical person. But it doesn't mean you don't do business. Right. Like, you've still gotten the company to $11,000 a month, so she could still do it too. So get these assessments done. Send me them when, when you've done them, and then I can review them for you and we can talk more about just her role. But this is, this is pretty in the weeds. You should do this. But in general, we want to come up with some type of percentage of billings that she's managing. And so what I did with Destiny was pretty simple in the beginning. I said like, hey, listen, any account that you sign, I think it was 25% of the revenue that you're managing, I will give you. But just know that this is very likely to change in the future because I can't sustain doing this forever because we will need to hire people and eventually we should go back to just a normal salary type model. Right. So you can. Shahom, how transparent are you with your numbers and the books and the business with her? I think it will be good for me to be totally transparent. I don't mind. I highly recommend open book management with her. And just with her, you don't need to do this with your, with your data analyst. You know, part of, part of her feeling like she's not underpaid is understanding where the business is. Yeah. And this is why we're a big fan of open book management in our company. She doesn't necessarily, like, honestly, Shahom, like, yeah, like you're in a position where you're paying her more than yourself. That, that says enough as it is right there. Right. Like, do you know what I mean? Yeah. This is, this is really. So, so what, what we're doing here is we're going to our team and saying, like. Or Valerie. Right. That's her name. And saying, listen, like, I want to pay you more. I don't, I don't want to just pay you $45,000 a year. But here's where we're at. I'm going to share the books with you, and I want you to know these books because I want you to be a part of this business. And you can only be as effective as me if you have the context that I have. So the context, which is the ultimate context, is our P and L. And let's go through this together. And I want you to see, listen, I'm only paying myself $2,000 a month. I want to pay myself more too, but, like, we gotta grow this thing, and I can't pay myself more because I'm taking all this risk and I'm trying to sustain enough cash in the bank in case this big client leaves. Explain all of the context to her, like, tell her everything. Like, you don't need to hold back and act like you're perfect and that everything's gonna go right. A lot of founders and entrepreneurs, a mistake that they make in the early stages is they try to act like everything's perfect and they hide all the anxiousness and stress that they're going through. But you don't need to do that. You can just come to them transparently and say, listen, like, I want to do this. We have so much potential. This could be a really amazing company, and it could be me and you, and we could grow this thing. And I want to do this. But here's the books. Here's where we're at. I can't pay you more than 4,000 plus dollars per month because I'm not even paying myself more than $2,000 a month. And I need you to help me with business development because that's what we need to do right now. We. We are too risky as a business to only rely on this one client. So have these strategic leadership, like, conversations with this person that you trust, and she will really begin to understand where the business is, and that'll make her feel a lot more motivated to step in and step up and really help you grow the company. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Cool. So this is what it's like to be a leader. You are coming to your people transparently, honestly, giving them all the context they need. And, you know, you're. You're doing your best to take care of them with what you currently have. Right. And it's all a fine line, and it's all a balance because, you know, there's only so much money at the end of the day. We. We have to distribute it equally to a certain degree. Right? So, yeah, man, that's the conversation I think you need to have with her. Yeah, sure. All right. Okay. So that's that. I'll definitely have that conversation we actually talked about a little bit. But what she prefers is that I. It's like, you know, nothing specific yet. So when you. So she. What she wants is she wants some specific things, as if it's, you know, kind of. Well, this is the plan. Have it somewhere written, something of that sort. I get it. So what you can tell her is this. You can say, look, the salary that I can afford to pay you is X whatever that number is. And you can tell her that on any new brands that she signs or manages, you're willing to pay X percentage of the revenue that comes in from those brands. And this is a short term solution to helping her get paid more. But once the company grows, like if the company's getting to 20,000, $30,000 a month, we would transition back to a higher base salary and you know, we would shift the model. I just wanted you to say that like this is a temporary model. It's going to be shifted as time goes on. So that number could be 20%. I think the minimum should be like 10%. The maximum could be like 20%. Honestly, each month. Yeah, like 20% of the client's revenue is a lot shahome because you're taking a lot of the risk. Still, like 20% is. I'll tell you the numbers on our incentivization plan that we give people for when they close brands. Let me find this right now and notion real quick. It's just I can't necessarily tell you what we're doing and say that's the best thing for you because it's not given where you're at. Yeah. But I'll just give this to you as for some contrast so that you have contrast commission compensation. Okay, got it. Okay, wonderful. Let me share this with you so that you have this and it's an example of a compensation model. Publish to web. You know what? Probably best. Shahom, remind me what your email is. Marketer. Yes. Yeah, there you go. I got it. Marketer.com. yeah. Okay, I just dropped the link in the chat. Click this and see if you can open it. If not, I'll just copy paste the text into school and I'll give you a brief recap. You don't need to read the whole thing. Is it open for you? I have a feeling that it won't. Just a second. Yep, I can see it. Okay, perfect. So if you, if you scroll down to what additional earning opportunities do I have a better ms, you're going to see that like if, if an account executive manages over $30,000 per month, they will get 10% of anything above $30,000. So if they manage $40,000 worth of business last month, they'll get an additional thousand dollars on top of their salary. Okay. Now this won't work for where you're at right now because you don't have a ton of revenue coming in. Right. So what I'm recommending to you is just do a basic flat fee model where you say, like, hey, just 10% of the revenue of the new clients that I give you, you'll manage and eventually I'll be able to pay you more via salary. Now you can add an additional bonus into this commission and you'll see if you. Number two in that document. Shahome. If she signs a client, she does the sales call, she signs the client and brings them on. A little bit of commission should be given for signing the brand. And so we give 15% up front and then 15%, like six months later, I think is what the document says. I. Okay, it's not, it's not in front of me right now. I would also just. You can copy that. That applies to you. I think that it would be great to do that. Okay, so 15% upon signing and 15% paid after 90 days retained. This way she just has a little bit more motivation to also do business development stuff and sign clients because she knows that if she signs a $11,000 per month client, she's going to get 1700 and $50 upfront and 1750 dollars 90 days later, plus 10% of whatever that monthly recurring fee is that she's going to be managing. Right. So those things are a bit helpful. But you can write this stuff in paper for her, which is what she wants, and then just tell her that this is subject to change as we scale and that we're always going to be changing. And that's the. Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely this thing. Yeah. Another thing is, I mean, I need to think about it, definitely. But the question is this. See, in the beginning she won't be able to do this business development kind of stuff because what she really needs to focus on right now is doing the extra amount of work that she just received and then build a rapport so that it stays with us. Right. Are you saying that she won't necessarily have time for business development stuff right now in the very beginning? Probably not. If she works just 40. I, I mean if she just works 40 hours. Right. Let me, let me just interject. So she's moving to a full time salary. Right. Okay. So Shahom, like when people move to full time, it's their full time job. And although in the definition of what full time is, we like to tell people it's only 40 hours. It's whatever you want to contribute. And if you happen to be putting in 60 hours because you feel very called to grow this company and you're a highly motivated individual, I'M not stopping you. And if you happen to make a major contribution, I'm going to reward you for it in the form of compensation and in the form of potentially higher responsibilities, more control over the company leadership, all these things. So try not to get too stuck in your head about, there's only 40 hours. There's only an additional 20 hours. She'll need to spend those 20 hours on this. The reality is that, like, you don't really know how much time she's going to have or how much time she isn't going to have. We're hypothesizing on if she will have enough time for business development right in the beginning month. Maybe she is all in on operations. Maybe it takes a bit to get this account set up and get them happy. But typically, once an accountant is in more. An account is in more of a maintenance stage. It frees up a lot of time of the individual that's managing the account or doing whatever it is that they're doing. And then they have all this free time and they're like, well, I, I want to do something because I'm not even working 40 hours, because I, I. There's not 40 hours that I could put into these seven accounts that I'm managing. So either give me another account or tell me what I can do to help grow the business grow. And so this is what we've found with people, is that, like, people are always blowing our minds. For example, we thought that the most someone can manage is $25,000 a month in client revenue. But then somebody started just last month, managed $42,000 worth of revenue, and we're like, holy shit, man. Like, I didn't think that that was possible. And had I come to this conclusion that she won't have enough time, that's not possible. We wouldn't have given her those accounts. You know what I mean? But she's managing it and she's doing well. And it's like, okay. Like, wow, okay, great. Like, you're going to earn more money because of it. So I don't want you to approach Valerie with this context of, like, I know you won't have enough time for business development, because if you tell her that, then she's going to think she won't have enough time for business development. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. What you should do is you should approach her and say, listen, here's the reality. We have this amazing opportunity with this client, and this client happens to make up like, 70 to 80% of our business. So I want you to make sure that they're really happy. But at the same time, there's this other thing that we need to work on, which is signing more brands. And so there's only two things that I really need you to have your attention on. It's keeping this client happy and putting in some effort to raise the awareness of our agency and try to bring in more brands so that we can diversify our risk so that you're more likely to get paid more, I'm more likely to pay more. We can continue to grow this company together and have this relationship, which feels really good. Right. That's the context that you want to set. You don't want to go to her and say, I know you only have 40 hours, so you're not going to have much time. No, no, no, no, no. We don't want to say that. That's like a limiting thing. Right? So let's be very careful with our words, because human beings are super powerful, that we have no idea what they can achieve. And if we try to think that we know, we may just handicap them. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. He probably looks up to you and thinks that, like, you know what you're talking about. And the reality is, like, you. You do, but sometimes you may overthink what you think is possible or not possible. Right? Yeah. Got it. Big, big speech. That was. That was a good one. No, that was definitely a good one. I like it. Okay. Yeah, well, so that makes sense. I mean, the second question that I was going to ask her, ask you about, is to have a clear plan or something in my mind about how I would like her to contribute. At least define it. To define, to some extent for her and how her role will transform. Transform and evolve with time. So that was my question, but you answered it to some extent. For now, that's probably enough. Dude, the best thing you could tell her is, listen, we're as bootstrapped and startup as it gets. You're going to be wearing a lot of hats, and I need you to wear two hats. Client management and business development. And these are the two hats that I'm wearing, too. And I'm doing my best. And, like, I want you to do your best, too. And so let's do this together, because it. This is probably going to be more fun than if we were to join some massive corporate company that has 10,000 employees. And, you know, there's no potential for us to one day earn a significant amount. Like, and we have freedom. And this is. This is what feels good. So that's really in terms of a plan. If she wants a plan, don't try to make it so formal. Like really tell her, like, look, this is, this is a startup. Like I make it as formal and concrete as I can, but just know that we're sailing in a very small boat and we could change directions any moment. And that's what's so fun about being a small boat, is we're so fast and nimble and we can change directions very quickly and we get to wear a lot of hats. And this stage of the journey is so much fun. And so people don't really understand this entrepreneurial mindset thing of what it's like to be a startup, but they just think, oh well, you're the CEO, you're the founder, give me the role and tell me what I'm going to do. And it's like, well, hold on, that's not the mindset. It is, I get it. Yes. I'm going to give you something that has a document, but just know that it's going to be a lot of stuff. And for now it's these two important things and a million things that fall under those two things. Right? Yeah, yeah, that's true. Definitely. 100% agreed. Right. Well now, you know, if I also find a data analyst, now will be three people and that's very good. But then with that, with that comes this question of culture, company culture. Now the things that we worked on in the very beginning, you had me write few things. Now I think I also have to be aware about how to, how other people are also aware about those things and actually how it's implemented. I mean, I don't know if I should even talk about that right now, but I think that's something, I mean, that's something coming. Dude, culture is something that you're talking about in every moment of the day when you're talking to your team. Culture is all the time, 24 7. It's how you approach people every moment of the day. You know, we, we, we do our best to put in a document and make it formal and objective and rational and like viewable by all. But the non linear subjective reality is that we're going to our people and we're living out these principles every single day. And that is felt by everybody. So yeah man, like you know, you can, you can talk about the culture with the team and tell them, hey, look, I made this document and it has some principles on it, it has a vision, it has a mission, and this is the direction that I feel like we're going in right now, this can change. It's not set in stone. This can change. But I just want to let everybody know, like, let you guys know. This feels like the direction that we're going to, and that's your role. Like, this is really. You're the visionary, right? And you're stepping into this visionary role, and people are going to be following you because you're being a leader. And so that is your responsibility to set the vision and lead them. To a certain extent. You know, it doesn't mean you're going to tell them how to do things. It just means, guys, we're going north, right? Yeah. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. And, like, I don't know how we're going to get north, but it feels like this is going to be our compass. And it's this. This cultural statement that has a vision and it has a mission, it has some principles. So the culture statement is like your compass, and it points you to true north, which is like your goals, right? Yeah. So, yes, culture is always important. It's all the time. And it's now more important for you because you have two people coming. So I love who. Well, that's actually exactly all of the questions that I have to ask Taylor. It's exciting. I. I don't know what's coming, seriously. And it's been so fun. And, you know, because I'm also trying to hire this data analyst. I am having meeting after meeting. The whole weekend was meetings, and I'm just. Okay, so I'm receiving this email, that message from this person. I don't know what to handle. Welcome to my life. It's. It's only going to increase. It's only gonna get more, like, I won't say worse and worse, but it's only going to get better and better. You're gonna get more and more emails and. And, man, it's. It's a wonderful thing. It is really fun. You have to try to zoom out, not get so into it that you get stressed out by it, but you just have to really enjoy the journey and love the process because you're choosing to go down this path, right? Nobody's forcing you to do this. And you're choosing it because it feels good. It feels like you're having fun. You're making good money doing it, and you get to learn so much more than you would if you were working for some corporate bureaucratic giant behemoth, right? And it's served me really well anytime I've ever gotten stressed out, it's helpful to just go outside, sit in nature, sit at a park on a bench, and remember that I am choosing this. It's my choice. And I feel so lucky to choose this because some people don't have a choice and they feel like they're stuck somewhere and they don't know where else to go because they just feel like they. They don't get to choose their path, you know? And that's why a lot of people look up to entrepreneurs and they think that they have this incredible life is because they are so free. And it's like. Well, not. It's. It's. Yes, there's freedom, but I'm. I'm working a lot, and I'm doing this so that I can one day be very, very, very free in the future. Right. So try to. Try to remind yourself that. Don't get too stressed out about everything, you know? Yeah, no, no, not. Definitely not. But it's definitely a lot of things. You know, it's not just work. You have to maintain yourself, your health and all those aspects, too. So it's the whole life, man. Yeah, it's the whole life, definitely. And it gets only more. Not difficult, I would say, but more things are coming, like, for in your personal life, too. You will move and you will probably get married, you'll have kids, and all those things will come up, all the stuff. Hey, Taylor, one more question that I forgot to mention is about this data, hiring this data. So let's say I have found. I have found two or three people who are really, really good. They have even solved the problem that I have given until now, by the way. Just one person could solve it correctly. Yeah, I like that. That's a good sign. But, you know, apart from that, what I'm trying to ask you is, is there something else that I should consider about who. Who I should hire? Let's say I have two or three people. In terms of hiring someone else, that's a different role. No, for the data analyst. How do I pick this person? You know, there is also this thing that I have to be able to work with this person. Right. It's not just whether they could solve the problem or whether they all know all the tools that they are supposed to know. They need to know. It's more than. Are you asking about the vetting practice? How do you choose the best person? Yes, that's right. Okay. And how do you vet them? Vetting in terms of, you know, skills and all? I have done that part. I'M doing that part already. You're doing that part. Okay. So is your question related to how do I make sure that this is the best person for the role or is it something else? It's more about their personality, how it is going to be to work with them, whether they would be, you know, it's. They would take it just as an. Or just as some work or whether they will really love to do it. Ah, good question. How do you tell if they really love to do it? More or less. Yeah. Yeah. So I'll tell you something, Taylor. So one of the person, he's from India. This person is 45 years old and he. All his life, probably 16, 17 years, he has done this. Only this data analysis and all these tools. I don't even need that many. He has worked for IBM companies like those big corporates. Okay. It was nice talking to him too. He seems. I like talking to him. Very kind and all. I haven't yet received a solution from him. I mean, the problem that he supposed to solve. But anyway, I like the experience that he has and also like to like talking to him regarding what his interests are. He is, he says at least that he's interested in learning this AMC thing and this and that that we need. But then there's this person in Philippines who is quite young. This guy was very quick to understand the problem. Even in our interview, I was, I'm actually explaining the problem so they don't need to struggle with that because they are not supposed to be familiar with the concept of lifetime value. So he was very quick. And then within, in less than one hour of our interview, he just submitted. No one else did it and he did it correctly. He did it in one hour. Less than one hour. Oh, Shahm. What? Oh. Let me tell you something. Some of the best people that I've ever hired from the Philippines related to data analytics and development were the people that not only solved the problem, but they solved the problem in like 45 minutes. Oh. And like they were very responsive and they're, they're very motivated to win the role because for what? So I don't know, like, I'm just saying, as an indicator for hiring, I would weight that very highly that they seem to have understood the problem very quickly and solved it very quickly. So if you're thinking about who to choose, weight that very highly. Okay, got it. Okay. It's so, you know, it's so clear. I mean, this person was experienced to solve it in 45 minutes. But then I also, in the beginning, I was talking to the people who are just a beginner. They are at the entry level. And for one person, he really tried very hard, but he says he needs just 16 hours to solve it. And even after that, it's incorrect. But. Well, I mean, I don't know. I. I'm definitely not going to hire him, but, you know, someone invested that much of time, that's also kind of. It feels bad in a way that this person. Oh, no, dude, no. Like, what? You have to. You should never feel bad. Like, at the end of the day, people have free will, right? And they know that if it took them 16 hours and it took someone else 30 minutes, you should choose the person. And, and, and they would understand that. And so you can send them a very kind message and say, I really appreciate. I love that you solved this problem. We. There's someone else that we decided to go with. And. But. But I really. I really applaud you for putting in this work, and I urge you to put this much work into continuing, and you'll find a role. Like, you know, those people will be taken care of. They'll find something somewhere because they're working really hard, and, you know, you gave them an opportunity to solve a problem, and now they have a skill set in amc, let's say. But maybe they didn't get it right, but, like, they, you know, they learned from it. Yeah. Yeah. Well. Well, thank you so much, Taylor. It was a great conversation and a long conversation. I love these conversations with you. Yeah, thank you so much. And I'll keep you posted about what happens next. Awesome, man. I really appreciate it. And yeah, I'm really excited to hear about this for you because we, internally, I mean, we want to hire, like seven people right now, but one of the people we want to hire, which we've never hired, is a data analyst, somebody that can really get into amc. Like, we have a developer that is able to work with amc, but he's a developer. He's not someone that is a data analyst that are two very different roles. And so we may end up hiring a data analyst at some point. And if we go through that process, we'll probably do the exact same thing. I recommended to you, this whole process that you've gone through. So I love that you're going through this, and I'm really curious to see how it goes for you. And. And we'll probably follow your footsteps pretty shortly, so. Yeah. Okay. Seems exciting. All right, Taylor, that's all from my side. Thank you so much for your time. Thank you. So much, Shaham. I appreciate you. Okay. Thank you. And I hope everything goes well on your end. I think that you're going through a change of some sort. Yes. Yes. I don't know if you heard me in the beginning, but I'm. Yeah, I heard a minor stakeholder in the company and just be like, an advisor, kind of. I'm really excited about this. It feels like it's. It's where I should be. Well, that does give you the. Gives you more freedom, doesn't it? You were at that level. No, I'm finally at that point. Shahom. It's been a long seven, eight. Years. Years. Awesome. Well, Taylor, great talking to you today. Yeah, man, you too. Have a great week. Yeah, you too. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: What, like negative 2000 per month?

Speaker B: Yes, about that. Right?

Speaker A: Negative 2000, I think. How much?

Speaker B: That client was 7000, 6400 plus 2500. Right. So almost all of it.

Speaker A: Okay. 6.4 plus 2.578. So 9000. Okay, so quite a bit, yeah. Okay, well, this is fine. It's common that in the beginning when you're doing like whatever, 10, 20, $30,000 a month, that you may have one account that makes up the majority of your revenue. So really you just got to push through and like sign more accounts and diversify your risk. And if, if for some reason, Shahom, this client was to leave unexpectedly, you know, your employees would understand that you need to temporarily move them to an hourly basis and reduce their salaries because this was the client that made up the majority of the revenue. I think a lot of entrepreneurs have this fear of like, oh my God, if the client leaves, I won't be able to pay their salaries. But the reality is, is that if the client leaves and you can't pay their salaries, you can't pay their salaries. So they need to be understanding that you, as the entrepreneur are taking all this risk and all this stress, let's call it. And people are very understanding. So try not to get to worry too much about that happening. Just do your best to give the best results you can for this client and at some point ask for an annual contract and, you know, working on marketing, really this is the most important thing. Like, it's great that you have this client that's making up the majority of your revenue, but we really gotta start putting out marketing. And I think that you getting this data analyst and getting into AMC and getting into, you know, analytics and starting to post content about analytics and data is the best thing you can do for your marketing because very few people do it. And it's, you know, people think that Amazon is saturated. No, it's not. The marketing materials that people put out is saturated. Some of the best marketing materials that I'm seeing in the market at Destiny, seen in different people, is these people that are making posts based on analytics. This is what people really care about now. So, like Joe Shellerud made a post about Prime Day analytics and how people that have deals were 200% or 300% more likely to get X amount more revenue or something. I don't remember what the analytics were, but this is the type of content that people in the marketplace really want. And so you're going in the right direction. Just let's make sure to start marketing ourselves. With your skill set, which seems to be analytics and the ability to understand data. But there's nothing else you can really do in this scenario aside from try to get an annual contract.

Speaker B: Got it? Okay, sounds good. Now something that's important is for Valerie. The advantage here is I'm going to get her full time, full time attention. Right. So it's like what I feel is because we have been friends for a long time too in like we have known her for one and a half decade now.

Speaker A: I love that.

Speaker B: And, and we have worked on things even before this. The compensation of 45k is honestly low. I mean, compared to what she can get if she gets another job. So what I feel is that there it's like, okay, so here's the thing. I feel that in the very beginning she will be involved in 20 hours and as Hugh was doing with me for the account management responsibilities and all, and then this extra 20 hours for inventory management, operational things. But what I feel is eventually I need to be able to free up some of her time from both of these things and so that she can eventually work on some of the business related stuff. Stuff. Business development related stuff.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And I think that's not just what I want. That's going to be crucial for her too. She would like to do that. And if she can contribute in that way, I think I should come up with a compensation plan that will actually later earn more by doing that. Yeah. So at and for that I need a clear plan of action and I have no idea how to do that.

Speaker A: Yeah, we can talk about it. So. Let's see, I'm thinking about your scenario right now. What the best thing to do would be for compensation. Certainly some type of percentage of billings that she manages would be the easiest model at this current stage of the company. And also that aligns with the incentivization to get into business development, which you really need help with. Now does that align with her strengths? Can you talk to me about what her strengths are as a person? Do you know her profiles or different personalities?

Speaker B: That's a nice point. I thought about it, but I didn't take a note of that. I mean, I thought about it before. I should have taken note that I need to discuss it with you in this meeting. So. Nice point. Well, I have known her for long enough, but then I haven't thought about it in this from this perspective. Right. How she can contribute to business. And so also I think I need to talk to you about the process of what I need to look into or what I need to analyze.

Speaker A: Yeah. So. Well, I would have her do the.

Speaker B: The.

Speaker A: So do you. Do you remember the training? Did you go through the training in Agency Enlightened that talks about finding a business partner?

Speaker B: No, because that was not the necessity.

Speaker A: Okay, let me pull it up for you because this seems like it's relevant. Let me find it. Okay, let me share screen. So in Agency Enlightened fundamentals, you're going to see finding a partner. And really what this is is know thyself. The first step to finding a perfect partner is to know thyself. You should do these assessments yourself and just so that you know who you are and what your strengths are. Now, you probably have already a decent sense of what your strengths are. You don't have to do this, but I really recommend that you do do it. So there's a rocket fuel assessment. This is a free assessment. There's CliftonStrengths. It's I think $50 for this assessment. And then there's Kobe, which is also about $55 for this assessment. Now, at a minimum show home. You should do A and B. The difference between CliftonStrengths and Kobe is that Kobe A is really telling you about how people take action. So modus operandi.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And CliftonStrengths is really going to tell you what is your strength.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So it's. There's a slight difference. The most important that I could recommend for you, though, would be a minimum of cliftonstrengths and rocket fuel. And, you know, that'll save you $110. You don't need to do CO BA. I would just. Let's just start with these two. And this will be really insightful because we can tell her to do biz dev, but if that doesn't align with her, it might be an uphill battle. And that's okay. Sometimes there's times where you need people to go uphill, even if it's not their strength, because you need her in the business right now, and she's the best person to help you with this current situation. And she would probably also be the most loyal person that you could get, an intelligent person, at a rate that is far below the aver value. And so we need to use all the advantages that we have around us and the best people that we feel like we want to work with. So don't worry too much. If her assessments don't align with what is a business development person, that's irrelevant, right? Like, it doesn't really matter. You still need to do business. But it doesn't seem like that's your strength. You're more of like this amazing, operational, analytical person. But it doesn't mean you don't do business. Right. Like, you've still gotten the company to $11,000 a month, so she could still do it too. So get these assessments done. Send me them when, when you've done them, and then I can review them for you and we can talk more about just her role. But this is, this is pretty in the weeds. You should do this. But in general, we want to come up with some type of percentage of billings that she's managing. And so what I did with Destiny was pretty simple in the beginning. I said like, hey, listen, any account that you sign, I think it was 25% of the revenue that you're managing, I will give you. But just know that this is very likely to change in the future because I can't sustain doing this forever because we will need to hire people and eventually we should go back to just a normal salary type model. Right. So you can. Shahom, how transparent are you with your numbers and the books and the business with her?

Speaker B: I think it will be good for me to be totally transparent. I don't mind.

Speaker A: I highly recommend open book management with her. And just with her, you don't need to do this with your, with your data analyst. You know, part of, part of her feeling like she's not underpaid is understanding where the business is.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And this is why we're a big fan of open book management in our company. She doesn't necessarily, like, honestly, Shahom, like, yeah, like you're in a position where you're paying her more than yourself. That, that says enough as it is right there. Right. Like, do you know what I mean?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: This is, this is really. So, so what, what we're doing here is we're going to our team and saying, like. Or Valerie. Right. That's her name. And saying, listen, like, I want to pay you more. I don't, I don't want to just pay you $45,000 a year. But here's where we're at. I'm going to share the books with you, and I want you to know these books because I want you to be a part of this business. And you can only be as effective as me if you have the context that I have. So the context, which is the ultimate context, is our P and L. And let's go through this together. And I want you to see, listen, I'm only paying myself $2,000 a month. I want to pay myself more too, but, like, we gotta grow this thing, and I can't pay myself more because I'm taking all this risk and I'm trying to sustain enough cash in the bank in case this big client leaves. Explain all of the context to her, like, tell her everything. Like, you don't need to hold back and act like you're perfect and that everything's gonna go right. A lot of founders and entrepreneurs, a mistake that they make in the early stages is they try to act like everything's perfect and they hide all the anxiousness and stress that they're going through. But you don't need to do that. You can just come to them transparently and say, listen, like, I want to do this. We have so much potential. This could be a really amazing company, and it could be me and you, and we could grow this thing. And I want to do this. But here's the books. Here's where we're at. I can't pay you more than 4,000 plus dollars per month because I'm not even paying myself more than $2,000 a month. And I need you to help me with business development because that's what we need to do right now. We. We are too risky as a business to only rely on this one client. So have these strategic leadership, like, conversations with this person that you trust, and she will really begin to understand where the business is, and that'll make her feel a lot more motivated to step in and step up and really help you grow the company. Do you know what I mean?

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: Cool. So this is what it's like to be a leader. You are coming to your people transparently, honestly, giving them all the context they need. And, you know, you're. You're doing your best to take care of them with what you currently have. Right. And it's all a fine line, and it's all a balance because, you know, there's only so much money at the end of the day. We. We have to distribute it equally to a certain degree. Right? So, yeah, man, that's the conversation I think you need to have with her.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. All right. Okay. So that's that. I'll definitely have that conversation we actually talked about a little bit. But what she prefers is that I. It's like, you know, nothing specific yet. So when you. So she. What she wants is she wants some specific things, as if it's, you know, kind of. Well, this is the plan. Have it somewhere written, something of that sort.

Speaker A: I get it. So what you can tell her is this. You can say, look, the salary that I can afford to pay you is X whatever that number is. And you can tell her that on any new brands that she signs or manages, you're willing to pay X percentage of the revenue that comes in from those brands. And this is a short term solution to helping her get paid more. But once the company grows, like if the company's getting to 20,000, $30,000 a month, we would transition back to a higher base salary and you know, we would shift the model. I just wanted you to say that like this is a temporary model. It's going to be shifted as time goes on. So that number could be 20%. I think the minimum should be like 10%. The maximum could be like 20%. Honestly, each month. Yeah, like 20% of the client's revenue is a lot shahome because you're taking a lot of the risk. Still, like 20% is. I'll tell you the numbers on our incentivization plan that we give people for when they close brands. Let me find this right now and notion real quick. It's just I can't necessarily tell you what we're doing and say that's the best thing for you because it's not given where you're at.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: But I'll just give this to you as for some contrast so that you have contrast commission compensation. Okay, got it. Okay, wonderful. Let me share this with you so that you have this and it's an example of a compensation model. Publish to web. You know what? Probably best. Shahom, remind me what your email is.

Speaker B: Marketer.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah, there you go.

Speaker A: I got it. Marketer.com.

Speaker B: yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, I just dropped the link in the chat. Click this and see if you can open it. If not, I'll just copy paste the text into school and I'll give you a brief recap. You don't need to read the whole thing. Is it open for you? I have a feeling that it won't.

Speaker B: Just a second. Yep, I can see it.

Speaker A: Okay, perfect. So if you, if you scroll down to what additional earning opportunities do I have a better ms, you're going to see that like if, if an account executive manages over $30,000 per month, they will get 10% of anything above $30,000. So if they manage $40,000 worth of business last month, they'll get an additional thousand dollars on top of their salary. Okay. Now this won't work for where you're at right now because you don't have a ton of revenue coming in. Right. So what I'm recommending to you is just do a basic flat fee model where you say, like, hey, just 10% of the revenue of the new clients that I give you, you'll manage and eventually I'll be able to pay you more via salary. Now you can add an additional bonus into this commission and you'll see if you. Number two in that document. Shahome. If she signs a client, she does the sales call, she signs the client and brings them on. A little bit of commission should be given for signing the brand. And so we give 15% up front and then 15%, like six months later, I think is what the document says. I. Okay, it's not, it's not in front of me right now. I would also just. You can copy that. That applies to you. I think that it would be great to do that. Okay, so 15% upon signing and 15% paid after 90 days retained. This way she just has a little bit more motivation to also do business development stuff and sign clients because she knows that if she signs a $11,000 per month client, she's going to get 1700 and $50 upfront and 1750 dollars 90 days later, plus 10% of whatever that monthly recurring fee is that she's going to be managing. Right. So those things are a bit helpful. But you can write this stuff in paper for her, which is what she wants, and then just tell her that this is subject to change as we scale and that we're always going to be changing. And that's the.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely this thing. Yeah. Another thing is, I mean, I need to think about it, definitely. But the question is this. See, in the beginning she won't be able to do this business development kind of stuff because what she really needs to focus on right now is doing the extra amount of work that she just received and then build a rapport so that it stays with us. Right.

Speaker A: Are you saying that she won't necessarily have time for business development stuff right

Speaker B: now in the very beginning? Probably not. If she works just 40. I, I mean if she just works 40 hours. Right.

Speaker A: Let me, let me just interject. So she's moving to a full time salary. Right. Okay. So Shahom, like when people move to full time, it's their full time job. And although in the definition of what full time is, we like to tell people it's only 40 hours. It's whatever you want to contribute. And if you happen to be putting in 60 hours because you feel very called to grow this company and you're a highly motivated individual, I'M not stopping you. And if you happen to make a major contribution, I'm going to reward you for it in the form of compensation and in the form of potentially higher responsibilities, more control over the company leadership, all these things. So try not to get too stuck in your head about, there's only 40 hours. There's only an additional 20 hours. She'll need to spend those 20 hours on this. The reality is that, like, you don't really know how much time she's going to have or how much time she isn't going to have. We're hypothesizing on if she will have enough time for business development right in the beginning month. Maybe she is all in on operations. Maybe it takes a bit to get this account set up and get them happy. But typically, once an accountant is in more. An account is in more of a maintenance stage. It frees up a lot of time of the individual that's managing the account or doing whatever it is that they're doing. And then they have all this free time and they're like, well, I, I want to do something because I'm not even working 40 hours, because I, I. There's not 40 hours that I could put into these seven accounts that I'm managing. So either give me another account or tell me what I can do to help grow the business grow. And so this is what we've found with people, is that, like, people are always blowing our minds. For example, we thought that the most someone can manage is $25,000 a month in client revenue. But then somebody started just last month, managed $42,000 worth of revenue, and we're like, holy shit, man. Like, I didn't think that that was possible. And had I come to this conclusion that she won't have enough time, that's not possible. We wouldn't have given her those accounts. You know what I mean? But she's managing it and she's doing well. And it's like, okay. Like, wow, okay, great. Like, you're going to earn more money because of it. So I don't want you to approach Valerie with this context of, like, I know you won't have enough time for business development, because if you tell her that, then she's going to think she won't have enough time for business development. You know what I mean?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: What you should do is you should approach her and say, listen, here's the reality. We have this amazing opportunity with this client, and this client happens to make up like, 70 to 80% of our business. So I want you to make sure that they're really happy. But at the same time, there's this other thing that we need to work on, which is signing more brands. And so there's only two things that I really need you to have your attention on. It's keeping this client happy and putting in some effort to raise the awareness of our agency and try to bring in more brands so that we can diversify our risk so that you're more likely to get paid more, I'm more likely to pay more. We can continue to grow this company together and have this relationship, which feels really good. Right. That's the context that you want to set. You don't want to go to her and say, I know you only have 40 hours, so you're not going to have much time. No, no, no, no, no. We don't want to say that. That's like a limiting thing. Right? So let's be very careful with our words, because human beings are super powerful, that we have no idea what they can achieve. And if we try to think that we know, we may just handicap them. Do you know what I mean?

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: He probably looks up to you and thinks that, like, you know what you're talking about. And the reality is, like, you. You do, but sometimes you may overthink what you think is possible or not possible. Right?

Speaker B: Yeah. Got it.

Speaker A: Big, big speech.

Speaker B: That was. That was a good one. No, that was definitely a good one. I like it. Okay. Yeah, well, so that makes sense. I mean, the second question that I was going to ask her, ask you about, is to have a clear plan or something in my mind about how I would like her to contribute. At least define it. To define, to some extent for her and how her role will transform. Transform and evolve with time. So that was my question, but you answered it to some extent. For now, that's probably enough.

Speaker A: Dude, the best thing you could tell her is, listen, we're as bootstrapped and startup as it gets. You're going to be wearing a lot of hats, and I need you to wear two hats. Client management and business development. And these are the two hats that I'm wearing, too. And I'm doing my best. And, like, I want you to do your best, too. And so let's do this together, because it. This is probably going to be more fun than if we were to join some massive corporate company that has 10,000 employees. And, you know, there's no potential for us to one day earn a significant amount. Like, and we have freedom. And this is. This is what feels good. So that's really in terms of a plan. If she wants a plan, don't try to make it so formal. Like really tell her, like, look, this is, this is a startup. Like I make it as formal and concrete as I can, but just know that we're sailing in a very small boat and we could change directions any moment. And that's what's so fun about being a small boat, is we're so fast and nimble and we can change directions very quickly and we get to wear a lot of hats. And this stage of the journey is so much fun. And so people don't really understand this entrepreneurial mindset thing of what it's like to be a startup, but they just think, oh well, you're the CEO, you're the founder, give me the role and tell me what I'm going to do. And it's like, well, hold on, that's not the mindset. It is, I get it. Yes. I'm going to give you something that has a document, but just know that it's going to be a lot of stuff. And for now it's these two important things and a million things that fall under those two things. Right?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, that's true. Definitely. 100% agreed. Right. Well now, you know, if I also find a data analyst, now will be three people and that's very good. But then with that, with that comes this question of culture, company culture. Now the things that we worked on in the very beginning, you had me write few things. Now I think I also have to be aware about how to, how other people are also aware about those things and actually how it's implemented. I mean, I don't know if I should even talk about that right now, but I think that's something, I mean, that's something coming.

Speaker A: Dude, culture is something that you're talking about in every moment of the day when you're talking to your team. Culture is all the time, 24 7. It's how you approach people every moment of the day. You know, we, we, we do our best to put in a document and make it formal and objective and rational and like viewable by all. But the non linear subjective reality is that we're going to our people and we're living out these principles every single day. And that is felt by everybody. So yeah man, like you know, you can, you can talk about the culture with the team and tell them, hey, look, I made this document and it has some principles on it, it has a vision, it has a mission, and this is the direction that I feel like we're going in right now, this can change. It's not set in stone. This can change. But I just want to let everybody know, like, let you guys know. This feels like the direction that we're going to, and that's your role. Like, this is really. You're the visionary, right? And you're stepping into this visionary role, and people are going to be following you because you're being a leader. And so that is your responsibility to set the vision and lead them. To a certain extent. You know, it doesn't mean you're going to tell them how to do things. It just means, guys, we're going north, right? Yeah. Do you know what I mean?

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: And, like, I don't know how we're going to get north, but it feels like this is going to be our compass. And it's this. This cultural statement that has a vision and it has a mission, it has some principles. So the culture statement is like your compass, and it points you to true north, which is like your goals, right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So, yes, culture is always important. It's all the time. And it's now more important for you because you have two people coming. So I love who.

Speaker B: Well, that's actually exactly all of the questions that I have to ask Taylor. It's exciting. I. I don't know what's coming, seriously.

Speaker A: And it's been so fun.

Speaker B: And, you know, because I'm also trying to hire this data analyst. I am having meeting after meeting. The whole weekend was meetings, and I'm just. Okay, so I'm receiving this email, that message from this person. I don't know what to handle.

Speaker A: Welcome to my life. It's. It's only going to increase. It's only gonna get more, like, I won't say worse and worse, but it's only going to get better and better. You're gonna get more and more emails and. And, man,

Speaker B: it's.

Speaker A: It's a wonderful thing. It is really fun. You have to try to zoom out, not get so into it that you get stressed out by it, but you just have to really enjoy the journey and love the process because you're choosing to go down this path, right? Nobody's forcing you to do this. And you're choosing it because it feels good. It feels like you're having fun. You're making good money doing it, and you get to learn so much more than you would if you were working for some corporate bureaucratic giant behemoth, right? And it's served me really well anytime I've ever gotten stressed out, it's helpful to just go outside, sit in nature, sit at a park on a bench, and remember that I am choosing this. It's my choice. And I feel so lucky to choose this because some people don't have a choice and they feel like they're stuck somewhere and they don't know where else to go because they just feel like they. They don't get to choose their path, you know? And that's why a lot of people look up to entrepreneurs and they think that they have this incredible life is because they are so free. And it's like. Well, not. It's. It's. Yes, there's freedom, but I'm. I'm working a lot, and I'm doing this so that I can one day be very, very, very free in the future. Right. So try to. Try to remind yourself that. Don't get too stressed out about everything, you know?

Speaker B: Yeah, no, no, not. Definitely not. But it's definitely a lot of things. You know, it's not just work. You have to maintain yourself, your health and all those aspects, too.

Speaker A: So it's the whole life, man.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's the whole life, definitely. And it gets only more. Not difficult, I would say, but more things are coming, like, for in your personal life, too. You will move and you will probably get married, you'll have kids, and all those things will come up, all the stuff. Hey, Taylor, one more question that I forgot to mention is about this data, hiring this data. So let's say I have found. I have found two or three people who are really, really good. They have even solved the problem that I have given until now, by the way. Just one person could solve it correctly.

Speaker A: Yeah, I like that. That's a good sign.

Speaker B: But, you know, apart from that, what I'm trying to ask you is, is there something else that I should consider about who. Who I should hire? Let's say I have two or three people.

Speaker A: In terms of hiring someone else, that's a different role.

Speaker B: No, for the data analyst. How do I pick this person? You know, there is also this thing that I have to be able to work with this person. Right. It's not just whether they could solve the problem or whether they all know all the tools that they are supposed to know. They need to know. It's more than.

Speaker A: Are you asking about the vetting practice? How do you choose the best person?

Speaker B: Yes, that's right.

Speaker A: Okay. And how do you vet them?

Speaker B: Vetting in terms of, you know, skills and all? I have done that part. I'M doing that part already.

Speaker A: You're doing that part. Okay. So is your question related to how do I make sure that this is the best person for the role or is it something else?

Speaker B: It's more about their personality, how it is going to be to work with them, whether they would be, you know, it's. They would take it just as an. Or just as some work or whether they will really love to do it.

Speaker A: Ah, good question. How do you tell if they really love to do it? More or less.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. So I'll tell you something, Taylor. So one of the person, he's from India. This person is 45 years old and he. All his life, probably 16, 17 years, he has done this. Only this data analysis and all these tools. I don't even need that many. He has worked for IBM companies like those big corporates. Okay. It was nice talking to him too. He seems. I like talking to him. Very kind and all. I haven't yet received a solution from him. I mean, the problem that he supposed to solve. But anyway, I like the experience that he has and also like to like talking to him regarding what his interests are. He is, he says at least that he's interested in learning this AMC thing and this and that that we need. But then there's this person in Philippines who is quite young. This guy was very quick to understand the problem. Even in our interview, I was, I'm actually explaining the problem so they don't need to struggle with that because they are not supposed to be familiar with the concept of lifetime value. So he was very quick. And then within, in less than one hour of our interview, he just submitted. No one else did it and he did it correctly.

Speaker A: He did it in one hour.

Speaker B: Less than one hour.

Speaker A: Oh, Shahm.

Speaker B: What? Oh.

Speaker A: Let me tell you something. Some of the best people that I've ever hired from the Philippines related to data analytics and development were the people that not only solved the problem, but they solved the problem in like 45 minutes. Oh. And like they were very responsive and they're, they're very motivated to win the role because for what? So I don't know, like, I'm just saying, as an indicator for hiring, I would weight that very highly that they seem to have understood the problem very quickly and solved it very quickly. So if you're thinking about who to choose, weight that very highly.

Speaker B: Okay, got it. Okay. It's so, you know, it's so clear. I mean, this person was experienced to solve it in 45 minutes. But then I also, in the beginning, I was talking to the people who are just a beginner. They are at the entry level. And for one person, he really tried very hard, but he says he needs just 16 hours to solve it. And even after that, it's incorrect. But. Well, I mean, I don't know. I. I'm definitely not going to hire him, but, you know, someone invested that much of time, that's also kind of. It feels bad in a way that this person.

Speaker A: Oh, no, dude, no. Like, what? You have to. You should never feel bad. Like, at the end of the day, people have free will, right? And they know that if it took them 16 hours and it took someone else 30 minutes, you should choose the person. And, and, and they would understand that. And so you can send them a very kind message and say, I really appreciate. I love that you solved this problem. We. There's someone else that we decided to go with. And. But. But I really. I really applaud you for putting in this work, and I urge you to put this much work into continuing, and you'll find a role. Like, you know, those people will be taken care of. They'll find something somewhere because they're working really hard, and, you know, you gave them an opportunity to solve a problem, and now they have a skill set in amc, let's say. But maybe they didn't get it right, but, like, they, you know, they learned from it.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. Well. Well, thank you so much, Taylor. It was a great conversation and a long conversation.

Speaker A: I love these conversations with you.

Speaker B: Yeah, thank you so much. And I'll keep you posted about what happens next.

Speaker A: Awesome, man. I really appreciate it. And yeah, I'm really excited to hear about this for you because we, internally, I mean, we want to hire, like seven people right now, but one of the people we want to hire, which we've never hired, is a data analyst, somebody that can really get into amc. Like, we have a developer that is able to work with amc, but he's a developer. He's not someone that is a data analyst that are two very different roles. And so we may end up hiring a data analyst at some point. And if we go through that process, we'll probably do the exact same thing. I recommended to you, this whole process that you've gone through. So I love that you're going through this, and I'm really curious to see how it goes for you. And. And we'll probably follow your footsteps pretty shortly, so. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Seems exciting. All right, Taylor, that's all from my side. Thank you so much for your time.

Speaker A: Thank you. So much, Shaham. I appreciate you. Okay. Thank you.

Speaker B: And I hope everything goes well on your end. I think that you're going through a change of some sort.

Speaker A: Yes. Yes. I don't know if you heard me in the beginning, but I'm. Yeah, I heard a minor stakeholder in the company and just be like, an advisor, kind of. I'm really excited about this. It feels like it's. It's where I should be.

Speaker B: Well, that does give you the. Gives you more freedom, doesn't it? You were at that level.

Speaker A: No, I'm finally at that point. Shahom. It's been a long seven, eight. Years. Years.

Speaker B: Awesome. Well, Taylor, great talking to you today.

Speaker A: Yeah, man, you too. Have a great week.

Speaker B: Yeah, you too. Bye.

