Transcript for: Recording__934.mp4
Title: Recording #934
============================================================

How are you today? Doing well. What about you? Sorry, what about you? Can you hear me? Yeah, yeah. Sorry, my mic was just. Okay. Yeah, no, I'm okay. In Doha. Yes, I am okay. And it is. I don't know, there's cats and it's winter, so it's only like, what, 80 degrees, whatever that is in Celsius? Let me see. It's probably 80 degrees Celsius. Let's not even joke. Okay. It's like 26 degrees. Oh, my God. That's winter. Yeah. Okay, I see. Oh, my God. I cannot imagine going there in summer. I mean, yeah, there's a reason I'm here right now, but. Yeah, I got here a few days ago after Thanksgiving. Anything fun happen with you lately? No. I mean, nothing fun. I'm just overworked. That's what's happening. Well, I'm going to work even harder in class today, so suck it up. Did you get a chance to kind of peek at glottal stops? I know glottal stops are not the most fun sound. Well, the thing is, our last class, the recording, I. For some reason, it didn't record your voice. It's just me talking and responding, so that's not good. Weird. Yeah, I couldn't. I couldn't watch the recording, but I watched the video that you sent me of this British omen. I don't know, do that much. I mean, water and better. So. So, like I said, the Brits use it at different times. So we would say water with a flap. Water, butter batter with a flap. Right. So we don't say, but it is the same sound. And I sent that video not to say, here's when you use it, but more of how you use it. I think she explains pretty well how to make the sound, ignore when to make the sound. Don't trust her on that. But as far as the actual practice, I think she does pretty well on that. So did you find that video helpful? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And I think this is the thing that Americans make fun of a lot. Right? I mean, the way they pronounce. Okay, so this is what is going on. And one more. Not that Americans would ever tease somebody from another country. Not that Americans would ever tease somebody from a different country. We would never. Yeah, right. Yeah. I'm sure Canadians are just totally nice about it. Right. Well, Canada is also going to be the 51st that soon, so. Actually, I've heard that there's some states who want to break off and join Canada, so. Well, did you hear what Donald Trump said? No, I'M trying to ignore reality with his existence. I don't think Donald Trump, he tried to buy Greenland. He's not going to be able to buy Canada. Well, yeah, he even. I mean, when Trudeau visited him, he just. I don't know if it was joke or he was just trying to make fun, but he proposed Canada can be the 51st state of the US and he can make true to the governor. Are you ready to join us? I mean, I don't know. Wow. Are you ready? Are you ready to stop making fun of Trump being my president if he's about to be your president, too? Oh, my God. Yeah. It's all fun and games, isn't it? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Anyway, so did you get a chance to practice glottal after watching the video? A little bit. And I have a question. So when you talk about glottal and when you just start. Start speaking with me. Started speaking with me today, I noticed the word E. Right. Do you pronounce that T as glottal? T. So I personally pronounce. Do you remember when we talked about final stops where T at the end of the word after a vowel, L, M, N or L, M, L or R, they become a half T. Right. I personally, Michiganders tend to use turn the half teas into glottal in that situation. It's optional on if you want to use a glottal or a half tee in that environment. But I personally do. Yes. So if I say, like cat eat jet. That's what I noticed. Yeah, yeah. It's glottal. Stop for me. Now it's making sense. Yes. So I use glottal. I don't think I actually use half tea naturally ever. But it sounds pretty much the same and one is usually way easier than the other, so it's totally up to whichever one you prefer. What is that noise? Oh, that's just a cat being a cat. You have taken your cat there, have you? No, I'm actually. I mean, I came to Qatar to work at a cat rescue. Yes, but your house is not a cat rescue. Is. Is. Oh, the place I'm staying is. Okay. Yeah. It's fun. Okay. Yeah. I mean, if you want one, I can give you this. I can send you later. Later. Sometimes later, like tomorrow. No, when I have a place of my own. Not sharing a space. It's somebody you'd be sharing space with a cat. All right, so let's. I want to go over the glottal worksheet a little bit, do a little bit of practice, and then I want to do a reading that happens to have a little bit of glottal in it. So if you want to go ahead and open the glottal worksheet, Someone is very energetic right now. Yeah, the worksheet. Yeah, I'm there. Nice. So we did talk about. Actually, you could scroll down and you can see. And see that glottal can appear in different areas. Yes, we did discuss. Practice sheet. Practice sheet. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm. I'm on that practice sheet. So what is the first section? What is the first way you can pronounce glottal? Okay. I tried to do it today a little bit better, but I haven't. I have the understanding, but it's still not okay. It's not perfect. I should try. Should I try pronouncing fun and all those words before we do. What is the first. My God. Do you do glottal even with what? Yes. Okay. Michiganders love glottal stops. Okay, so like I said, anytime you would have a half T. So in the word what, it is a. Which is a vowel, and then T is at the end of the word. So usually people might use a half T there. I use the glottal. Okay. All right. So on the practice sheet, what is the first section? Okay, you're half British. Maybe I'll get a passport over there. What is the glottal. We are doing in the first example? Well, what is the first section here? So it says occurring. Oh, okay. Occurring before an unstressed N sound. Yeah. So that's the one we went over. Right. And what's the next one in the other table? It's occurring at the end up syllable followed by a consonant. T is T in this position can also be pronounced as an unreleased T. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yep. Then what's. There's one more. One more occurring at the end of the word followed by a consonant. T in this position cannot. What? Oh, okay. Syllable and word T in this position can also be pronounced as an. Under this t. Yes. So with these two options, where you have T after a vowel, at the end of a syllable or at the end of the word, you can use half t or you can use a glottal. I use glottal for all three. The only one you absolutely need to use glottal for is the first one. So I do think sometimes it's helpful. My students find it pretty helpful to go through and try to use glot. Maybe you'll find that it's super easy for you to make glottal when it's at the end of the word. Okay. Like in can't, don't. So play around with those. But I want to see how it's coming for the ones that need glottal stops. So the ones occurring before unstressed end. Look, I have got the concept of it, and now I'm familiar, more familiar with the sound. That's why I can identify when you are doing it, but when I'm trying to do it, it's not very natural, but I'll give you a try. No worries. That's what we're here for, right? Yeah. Okay. Just the words, Fontaine. Okay. Cotton. That one was really good. Okay. Yeah. I also feel that I don't know how I do, that I can understand what's going on. Button, kitten, Tattening. Forgotten. Written, Important. All right. What I'm hearing so far is ones like Cotton, Button, Kitten written. Those ones were actually really good. Okay. Double T. Ones that seem to be kind of a pain are ones that look like maybe like fountain. Yeah. Threatening. That's because you have to deal with the th at the beginning, but you also have more than just the end. You have to deal with ing at the end as well. Important. Actually, for me, I do two glottal stops in a row there. So I have the T right there in import. But then I also have the next glottal stop in important. Important. So I just have, like, double glottal right there. So that also is what's making it difficult. Well, I think might be helpful is to record yourself reading these. Go back, listen to the recording, because you actually got really, really good on some of these. Well, you were recording right now, so never mind me. You know what? Go ahead and listen to the ones you like and then practice those words. We have been. This is our third day. I think we are talking about similar stuff, and today just clicked. So maybe I need to take more breaks. I mean, anyway. How could you? Thanksgiving is done. No more holidays. Well, it worked. Looks like I utilized that break to learn it, even though I didn't practice at all, honestly, sometimes you can, like, know it, and then it does actually take a second to kind of seep in there. Don't let it seep too much, though. Otherwise it's gone. Yeah. All right, nothing to see here. Go ahead and read the rest of the words. Okay. Tal Martin. I have eaten. Sutton. Okay. Titan, Mitten, Manhattan. So make sure that. Where's your tongue going when you do make these glottal stops? So the ones you did really well, like kitten. Nowhere written. It doesn't glottal. It doesn't do T. Okay. Yeah, because I'm hearing a little bit of T on some of. Yes, I know on those. I'm doing that and just happening. Yeah, Which. Which is fine. Your tongue doesn't matter with glottal stop. So if it does happen to go up, that's totally fine. Just make sure that when you lower it, you're not pulling it down. You're kind of just relaxing it. Otherwise it's going to make the T sound. And also, I feel like when it comes to doing the glottal, if I can somehow stress on the thing, the whatever is before that T, it helps me do the glottal more clear. I don't know if that makes sense. If it's right after the stressed syllable. You mean. Makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. So go ahead and finish up. Mi? N Manhattan, cotton, glutton, Latin, satin. Okay. Don't stress. You're doing a lot better than you were. Okay, on that note, on that theory, let's go ahead and go to the final one. Okay, let's do that final one. So can't go those. Yeah, so you're going to be stressing right before the glottal in all of these. So let's see how the glottal sound here. Don't. Just the word. Just the word. Don't. What? Let. Uhuh. No. Oh, sorry. What am I pronouncing? It was not even cut anyway at. Right. No, it's not. I don't think it's happening. I heard a little bit with some of them, but some of them you're just dropping C altogether. Yeah. All right, go ahead and do the practice. They're sounding a lot better. So read, record, listen, and then practice the ones that you feel confident with. Like cotton kitten button. Practice those ones. And then once you kind of are more muscle memoried with the glottal, stop, start to plug in with the other ones. Yeah, for now, though, I want to do a reading. It just so happens to be full of glottal stops. Well, not too full. Don't be scared. But let's go ahead and read this. Okay, let's do that. Where is that? I sent it on Skype. Okay. What? Mountain? Rushmore or no. What is that? It's from mountain to Font. Fountain rooms. What is that? Aqueducts. Aqueducts. Aqueducts. What is that? We'll see, won't we? Okay. All right, let's do that. You want me to read this entire thing? We're not going to read the whole thing. Okay, we'll see how far we are in a couple minutes here. All right. Introduction. Aqueducts in the Eternal City. In the early history of Rome, people got their water either from groundwater or directly from the Tiber River. This was noted by Sextus Julius Frontiers in aqueducts of Rome. What a name. Okay, just give me a second because too much going on here. Not too familiar with this. Do not speak Latin for 441 years from the fountain of the foundation of the city. Sorry, foundation of the city. The Romans were satisfied with the use of such waters as they drew from the tiver. From wells or from springs. I'm not sure what I'm reading exactly. Honestly. Even as Rome grew large, wells and cisterns remained important sources of drinking water. It was only as Rome grew massive that the empire began to look outwards for more water aqueducts that brought in clean water from the hills and mountains surrounding the city. Where the answer the history of. All right, let's go ahead and pause there. Actually, if you look up at the first picture, that's an aqueduct, a very old, old aqueduct. Basically, the Romans invented modern sew aqueducts brought water from one place to the other. That's what we're reading about here. Okay, so it said they used to rely on springs and wells and this actually transported water. So that's what's kind of happening. Okay, let's go ahead and do the next couple paragraphs. All right, let's do that. The history of aqueduct building in rome spans about 500 years from the building of the Aqua Appiah in 312B. Before Christ, right? No, no, before Common era. Oh, sorry. Okay, so EC and BCE are the same thing. It's just a matter of if you want to be religious or scientific, I guess. Okay, okay. 312 BCE to the Aqua Alexandrina in 226 CE. Okay, so it's like the year of 226. Right. In all, the empire ended up building 11 aqueducts into the city. It was around that time of Julius Caesar Augustus and those directly after that. The most aqueducts are built during this time. The following aqueducts are. Bill, Julia, Virgo. What else? Alcitina, Aqua Claudia and Annio Novus and Aqua Triana. In this article I'll follow the journey of Roman aqueduct water from the source to the final terminus locations. The structures along the way will also be covered, such as dams, collecting basins, tunnels, arcades and more. I'll also go into the construction techniques and tools used to make these aqueducts, along with some of the major components of the aqueducts. Finally, I'll talk about the impact of Roman aqueducts and their legacy in modern Rome. My main reason for choosing this topic was because I got to see the main part of the aqueducts during my trip to Italy and was fascinated by the romance engineering feats. My inspirations included the tunnel at Vicovaro archives in Parco del Gi Deadly Aquitati and fountains throughout the city of Rome. All right. Yeah. So some light history right there. Yeah. So you said you haven't heard of aqueducts before? No. So what do you think of when you think Rome? Well, Rome is a very old city that used to thrive back in the history, but not so much right now. What? They're fine. They sell pizza. They're good. Is there anything particularly that you like, associate with the Roman Empire? Well, they were very much ahead of time, I would say. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So this is an example of that, is the aqueducts. They basically invented a way to transport water which other people really hadn't done yet for some reason. I don't know. I guess wells taste delicious to them. What are some of the other ways you think of, like when you think of them being ahead? Well, their cities? I don't remember the history, but when I read, I think the way they used to build the city, including the sewage system to everything, the way it was designed, that was very impressive. Yeah, for sure. And they had all their hot springs and everything. Yeah, they are obsessed with water, I just realized. Yeah. So, no, seriously, they built like warships, aqueducts, hot springs. They probably drank water like every day anyway. So for the reading, I just want you to kind of go through. There were quite a few words, not quite a few, like maybe three or four that had glottal stop naturally in here. But for the most part, I want you to go through, relisten to the reading and try to listen for T in general. So I noticed T is starting to make a comeback. There were a couple of flap sounds. Like water. You said like water, I think a couple times. So go through re, listen to that, Listen for glottal, and then do the other glottal practice we talked about. Sorry, what would it be for water? Is it going to. It's a flap. So instead of an actual T sound. Water. It's water. Like D kind of. Yes. Yeah. It's like a flap sound. Yeah, yeah. Yes. So go ahead and kind of listen for T in general, go through and then move on to glottal practice. We're going to probably move away from glottal since it's shaping up pretty well, but we're not going to completely let it go. Yeah. Yeah. Anything else you think would be helpful as far as practicing cl? Yeah, I think I should just do it. Practice something. I mean, the glow te once in a while, that would help, but the concept is clear, I'd say. All right. Awesome. I'm glad it's presenting itself a little bit better. In that case, let me know if you have any questions, and if not, I will see you next time. Well, I have a lot of questions about Doha and what's going on there. Well, basically, I am in the room with a lot of cats who were about to be killed, and then they got dragged here and kidnapped. And they don't seem to think that we saved their lives. They kind of just stare at us from across the room. They're scared. Unless we have food, in which case they, like, bully us. That makes sense. No, literally, they'll be at the end of the bed, like, watching. Yeah. And if I go to pet them, they, like, run away. But then we have food and they come up and they're like, you can pet me now. I love you so much. It's like you were just scared of me. As far as the city itself, I haven't seen it yet. Okay. Okay. Because I've been here a little under a week doing cat stuff mostly. So I'll let you know if I do anything fun. Yeah, sure. We'll see. Yeah, we'll see. And you also sent an email asking if there would be any change in change of schedule. Yep. So how is it going to be from your end? Well, they don't have Christmas here, and I don't have family or friends here, so no change. Okay, how about we do this maybe. When are we meeting? Let's. How about we skip the 28th. 28th one that class because. How dare you? That's after Christmas. I mean. Yes, but during the. Do you want to. Between Christmas and New Year, do you want to reschedule it or cancel?

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: How are you today?

Speaker B: Doing well. What about you? Sorry, what about you? Can you hear me?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Sorry, my mic was just.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, I'm okay.

Speaker B: In Doha.

Speaker A: Yes, I am okay. And it is. I don't know, there's cats and it's winter, so it's only like, what, 80 degrees, whatever that is in Celsius? Let me see. It's probably 80 degrees Celsius. Let's not even joke.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: It's like 26 degrees.

Speaker B: Oh, my God. That's winter.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, I see. Oh, my God. I cannot imagine going there in summer.

Speaker A: I mean, yeah, there's a reason I'm here right now, but. Yeah, I got here a few days ago after Thanksgiving. Anything fun happen with you lately?

Speaker B: No. I mean, nothing fun. I'm just overworked. That's what's happening.

Speaker A: Well, I'm going to work even harder in class today, so suck it up. Did you get a chance to kind of peek at glottal stops? I know glottal stops are not the most fun sound.

Speaker B: Well, the thing is, our last class, the recording, I. For some reason, it didn't record your voice. It's just me talking and responding, so that's not good.

Speaker A: Weird.

Speaker B: Yeah, I couldn't. I couldn't watch the recording, but I watched the video that you sent me of this British omen. I don't know, do that much. I mean, water and better.

Speaker A: So. So, like I said, the Brits use it at different times. So we would say water with a flap. Water, butter batter with a flap. Right. So we don't say, but it is the same sound. And I sent that video not to say, here's when you use it, but more of how you use it. I think she explains pretty well how to make the sound, ignore when to make the sound. Don't trust her on that. But as far as the actual practice, I think she does pretty well on that. So did you find that video helpful?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And I think this is the thing that Americans make fun of a lot. Right? I mean, the way they pronounce. Okay, so this is what is going on. And one more.

Speaker A: Not that Americans would ever tease somebody from another country. Not that Americans would ever tease somebody from a different country. We would never.

Speaker B: Yeah, right.

Speaker A: Yeah. I'm sure Canadians are just totally nice about it. Right.

Speaker B: Well, Canada is also going to be the 51st that soon, so.

Speaker A: Actually, I've heard that there's some states who want to break off and join Canada, so.

Speaker B: Well, did you hear what Donald Trump said?

Speaker A: No, I'M trying to ignore reality with his existence. I don't think Donald Trump, he tried to buy Greenland. He's not going to be able to buy Canada.

Speaker B: Well, yeah, he even. I mean, when Trudeau visited him, he just. I don't know if it was joke or he was just trying to make fun, but he proposed Canada can be the 51st state of the US and he can make true to the governor.

Speaker A: Are you ready to join us?

Speaker B: I mean, I don't know. Wow.

Speaker A: Are you ready? Are you ready to stop making fun of Trump being my president if he's about to be your president, too?

Speaker B: Oh, my God.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's all fun and games, isn't it?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Anyway, so did you get a chance to practice glottal after watching the video?

Speaker B: A little bit. And I have a question. So when you talk about glottal and when you just start. Start speaking with me. Started speaking with me today, I noticed the word E. Right. Do you pronounce that T as glottal?

Speaker A: T. So I personally pronounce. Do you remember when we talked about final stops where T at the end of the word after a vowel, L, M, N or L, M, L or R, they become a half T. Right. I personally, Michiganders tend to use turn the half teas into glottal in that situation. It's optional on if you want to use a glottal or a half tee in that environment. But I personally do. Yes. So if I say, like cat eat jet.

Speaker B: That's what I noticed. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: It's glottal. Stop for me.

Speaker B: Now it's making sense.

Speaker A: Yes. So I use glottal. I don't think I actually use half tea naturally ever. But it sounds pretty much the same and one is usually way easier than the other, so it's totally up to whichever one you prefer.

Speaker B: What is that noise?

Speaker A: Oh, that's just a cat being a cat.

Speaker B: You have taken your cat there, have you?

Speaker A: No, I'm actually. I mean, I came to Qatar to work at a cat rescue.

Speaker B: Yes, but your house is not a cat rescue. Is.

Speaker A: Is. Oh, the place I'm staying is.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: It's fun. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, if you want one, I can give you this. I can send you

Speaker B: later. Later.

Speaker A: Sometimes later, like tomorrow.

Speaker B: No, when I have a place of my own. Not sharing a space.

Speaker A: It's somebody you'd be sharing space with a cat. All right, so let's. I want to go over the glottal worksheet a little bit, do a little bit of practice, and then I want to do a reading that happens to have a little bit of glottal in it. So if you want to go ahead and open the glottal worksheet,

Speaker B: Someone is very energetic right now. Yeah, the worksheet. Yeah, I'm there.

Speaker A: Nice. So we did talk about. Actually, you could scroll down and you can see. And see that glottal can appear in different areas.

Speaker B: Yes, we did discuss.

Speaker A: Practice sheet. Practice sheet.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm. I'm on that practice sheet.

Speaker A: So what is the first section? What is the first way you can pronounce glottal?

Speaker B: Okay. I tried to do it today a little bit better, but I haven't. I have the understanding, but it's still not okay. It's not perfect. I should try. Should I try pronouncing fun and all those words

Speaker A: before we do. What is the first.

Speaker B: My God. Do you do glottal even with what?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Michiganders love glottal stops. Okay, so like I said, anytime you would have a half T. So in the word what, it is a. Which is a vowel, and then T is at the end of the word. So usually people might use a half T there. I use the glottal.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: All right. So on the practice sheet, what is the first section?

Speaker B: Okay, you're half British.

Speaker A: Maybe I'll get a passport over there.

Speaker B: What is the glottal. We are doing in the first example?

Speaker A: Well, what is the first section here? So it says occurring.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. Occurring before an unstressed N sound.

Speaker A: Yeah. So that's the one we went over. Right. And what's the next one in the other table?

Speaker B: It's occurring at the end up syllable followed by a consonant. T is T in this position can also be pronounced as an unreleased T. Oh, okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yep. Then what's. There's one more.

Speaker B: One more occurring at the end of the word followed by a consonant. T in this position cannot. What? Oh, okay. Syllable and word T in this position can also be pronounced as an. Under this t. Yes.

Speaker A: So with these two options, where you have T after a vowel, at the end of a syllable or at the end of the word, you can use half t or you can use a glottal. I use glottal for all three. The only one you absolutely need to use glottal for is the first one. So I do think sometimes it's helpful. My students find it pretty helpful to go through and try to use glot. Maybe you'll find that it's super easy for you to make glottal when it's at the end of the word.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Like in can't, don't. So play around with those. But I want to see how it's coming for the ones that need glottal stops. So the ones occurring before unstressed end.

Speaker B: Look, I have got the concept of it, and now I'm familiar, more familiar with the sound. That's why I can identify when you are doing it, but when I'm trying to do it, it's not very natural, but I'll give you a try.

Speaker A: No worries. That's what we're here for, right?

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. Just the words, Fontaine. Okay. Cotton.

Speaker A: That one was really good.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. I also feel that I don't know how I do, that I can understand what's going on. Button, kitten, Tattening. Forgotten. Written, Important.

Speaker A: All right. What I'm hearing so far is ones like Cotton, Button, Kitten written. Those ones were actually really good.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Double T. Ones that seem to be kind of a pain are ones that look like maybe like fountain. Yeah. Threatening. That's because you have to deal with the th at the beginning, but you also have more than just the end. You have to deal with ing at the end as well. Important. Actually, for me, I do two glottal stops in a row there. So I have the T right there in import. But then I also have the next glottal stop in important.

Speaker B: Important.

Speaker A: So I just have, like, double glottal right there. So that also is what's making it difficult. Well, I think might be helpful is to record yourself reading these. Go back, listen to the recording, because you actually got really, really good on some of these. Well, you were recording right now, so never mind me.

Speaker B: You know what?

Speaker A: Go ahead and listen to the ones you like and then practice those words.

Speaker B: We have been. This is our third day. I think we are talking about similar stuff, and today just clicked. So maybe I need to take more breaks. I mean, anyway.

Speaker A: How could you? Thanksgiving is done. No more holidays.

Speaker B: Well, it worked. Looks like I utilized that break to learn it, even though I didn't practice

Speaker A: at all, honestly, sometimes you can, like, know it, and then it does actually take a second to kind of seep in there. Don't let it seep too much, though. Otherwise it's gone.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: All right, nothing to see here. Go ahead and read the rest of the words.

Speaker B: Okay. Tal Martin. I have eaten. Sutton. Okay. Titan, Mitten, Manhattan.

Speaker A: So make sure that. Where's your tongue going when you do make these glottal stops? So the ones you did really well, like kitten.

Speaker B: Nowhere written.

Speaker A: It doesn't glottal.

Speaker B: It doesn't do T. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, because I'm hearing a little bit of T on some of.

Speaker B: Yes, I know on those. I'm doing that and just happening.

Speaker A: Yeah, Which. Which is fine. Your tongue doesn't matter with glottal stop. So if it does happen to go up, that's totally fine. Just make sure that when you lower it, you're not pulling it down. You're kind of just relaxing it. Otherwise it's going to make the T sound.

Speaker B: And also, I feel like when it comes to doing the glottal, if I can somehow stress on the thing, the whatever is before that T, it helps me do the glottal more clear. I don't know if that makes sense.

Speaker A: If it's right after the stressed syllable. You mean. Makes sense.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. So go ahead and finish up.

Speaker B: Mi? N Manhattan, cotton, glutton, Latin, satin. Okay.

Speaker A: Don't stress. You're doing a lot better than you were. Okay, on that note, on that theory, let's go ahead and go to the final one.

Speaker B: Okay, let's do that final one. So can't go those.

Speaker A: Yeah, so you're going to be stressing right before the glottal in all of these. So let's see how the glottal sound here.

Speaker B: Don't.

Speaker A: Just the word. Just the word.

Speaker B: Don't. What? Let. Uhuh. No. Oh, sorry. What am I pronouncing? It was not even cut anyway at. Right. No, it's not. I don't think it's happening.

Speaker A: I heard a little bit with some of them, but some of them you're just dropping C altogether.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: All right, go ahead and do the practice. They're sounding a lot better. So read, record, listen, and then practice the ones that you feel confident with. Like cotton kitten button. Practice those ones. And then once you kind of are more muscle memoried with the glottal, stop, start to plug in with the other ones. Yeah, for now, though, I want to do a reading. It just so happens to be full of glottal stops. Well, not too full. Don't be scared. But let's go ahead and read this.

Speaker B: Okay, let's do that. Where is that?

Speaker A: I sent it on Skype.

Speaker B: Okay. What? Mountain? Rushmore or no. What is that? It's from mountain to Font. Fountain rooms. What is that? Aqueducts.

Speaker A: Aqueducts.

Speaker B: Aqueducts. What is that?

Speaker A: We'll see, won't we?

Speaker B: Okay. All right, let's do that. You want me to read this entire thing?

Speaker A: We're not going to read the whole thing. Okay, we'll see how far we are in a couple minutes here.

Speaker B: All right. Introduction. Aqueducts in the Eternal City. In the early history of Rome, people got their water either from groundwater or directly from the Tiber River. This was noted by Sextus Julius Frontiers in aqueducts of Rome. What a name. Okay, just give me a second because too much going on here. Not too familiar with this.

Speaker A: Do not speak Latin

Speaker B: for 441 years from the fountain of the foundation of the city. Sorry, foundation of the city. The Romans were satisfied with the use of such waters as they drew from the tiver. From wells or from springs. I'm not sure what I'm reading exactly. Honestly. Even as Rome grew large, wells and cisterns remained important sources of drinking water. It was only as Rome grew massive that the empire began to look outwards for more water aqueducts that brought in clean water from the hills and mountains surrounding the city. Where the answer the history of.

Speaker A: All right, let's go ahead and pause there. Actually, if you look up at the first picture, that's an aqueduct, a very old, old aqueduct. Basically, the Romans invented modern sew aqueducts brought water from one place to the other. That's what we're reading about here. Okay, so it said they used to rely on springs and wells and this actually transported water. So that's what's kind of happening. Okay, let's go ahead and do the next couple paragraphs.

Speaker B: All right, let's do that. The history of aqueduct building in rome spans about 500 years from the building of the Aqua Appiah in 312B. Before Christ, right?

Speaker A: No, no, before Common era.

Speaker B: Oh, sorry.

Speaker A: Okay, so EC and BCE are the same thing. It's just a matter of if you want to be religious or scientific, I guess.

Speaker B: Okay, okay. 312 BCE to the Aqua Alexandrina in 226 CE. Okay, so it's like the year of 226. Right. In all, the empire ended up building 11 aqueducts into the city. It was around that time of Julius Caesar Augustus and those directly after that. The most aqueducts are built during this time. The following aqueducts are. Bill, Julia, Virgo. What else? Alcitina, Aqua Claudia and Annio Novus and Aqua Triana. In this article I'll follow the journey of Roman aqueduct water from the source to the final terminus locations. The structures along the way will also be covered, such as dams, collecting basins, tunnels, arcades and more. I'll also go into the construction techniques and tools used to make these aqueducts, along with some of the major components of the aqueducts. Finally, I'll talk about the impact of Roman aqueducts and their legacy in modern Rome. My main reason for choosing this topic was because I got to see the main part of the aqueducts during my trip to Italy and was fascinated by the romance engineering feats. My inspirations included the tunnel at Vicovaro archives in Parco del Gi Deadly Aquitati and fountains throughout the city of Rome.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So some light history right there.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So you said you haven't heard of aqueducts before?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: So what do you think of when you think Rome?

Speaker B: Well, Rome is a very old city that used to thrive back in the history, but not so much right now.

Speaker A: What? They're fine. They sell pizza. They're good. Is there anything particularly that you like, associate with the Roman Empire?

Speaker B: Well, they were very much ahead of time, I would say.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So this is an example of that, is the aqueducts. They basically invented a way to transport water which other people really hadn't done yet for some reason. I don't know. I guess wells taste delicious to them. What are some of the other ways you think of, like when you think of them being ahead?

Speaker B: Well, their cities? I don't remember the history, but when I read, I think the way they used to build the city, including the sewage system to everything, the way it was designed, that was very impressive.

Speaker A: Yeah, for sure. And they had all their hot springs and everything. Yeah, they are obsessed with water, I just realized. Yeah. So, no, seriously, they built like warships, aqueducts, hot springs. They probably drank water like every day anyway. So for the reading, I just want you to kind of go through. There were quite a few words, not quite a few, like maybe three or four that had glottal stop naturally in here. But for the most part, I want you to go through, relisten to the reading and try to listen for T in general. So I noticed T is starting to make a comeback. There were a couple of flap sounds. Like water. You said like water, I think a couple times. So go through re, listen to that, Listen for glottal, and then do the other glottal practice we talked about.

Speaker B: Sorry, what would it be for water? Is it going to.

Speaker A: It's a flap. So instead of an actual T sound. Water. It's water.

Speaker B: Like D kind of.

Speaker A: Yes. Yeah. It's like a flap sound. Yeah, yeah. Yes. So go ahead and kind of listen for T in general, go through and then move on to glottal practice. We're going to probably move away from glottal since it's shaping up pretty well, but we're not going to completely let it go. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Anything else you think would be helpful as far as practicing cl?

Speaker B: Yeah, I think I should just do it. Practice something. I mean, the glow te once in a while, that would help, but the concept is clear, I'd say.

Speaker A: All right. Awesome. I'm glad it's presenting itself a little bit better. In that case, let me know if you have any questions, and if not, I will see you next time.

Speaker B: Well, I have a lot of questions about Doha and what's going on there.

Speaker A: Well, basically, I am in the room with a lot of cats who were about to be killed, and then they got dragged here and kidnapped. And they don't seem to think that we saved their lives. They kind of just stare at us from across the room. They're scared. Unless we have food, in which case they, like, bully us. That makes sense. No, literally, they'll be at the end of the bed, like, watching.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And if I go to pet them, they, like, run away. But then we have food and they come up and they're like, you can pet me now. I love you so much. It's like you were just scared of me. As far as the city itself, I haven't seen it yet.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Because I've been here a little under a week doing cat stuff mostly. So I'll let you know if I do anything fun.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. We'll see. Yeah, we'll see. And you also sent an email asking if there would be any change in change of schedule.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: So how is it going to be from your end?

Speaker A: Well, they don't have Christmas here, and I don't have family or friends here, so no change.

Speaker B: Okay, how about we do this maybe. When are we meeting? Let's. How about we skip the 28th. 28th one that class because.

Speaker A: How dare you? That's after Christmas.

Speaker B: I mean. Yes, but during the.

Speaker A: Do you want to.

Speaker B: Between Christmas and New Year,

Speaker A: do you want to reschedule it or cancel?

