Transcript for: Recording__975.mp4
Title: Recording #975
============================================================

Just so I want to link it in here. Just drop one second in here on. On WhatsApp. Yep. WhatsApp is good because it'll stay there. Okay, there. So here you have create a strong lead magnet so that you absolutely need to do. So that's his step two. Perfect. So that is step two of mat. Let me just put the mat picture in here. Because I like to have everything always in one place. Right. That's. That's that other video that we were looking at where, you know, you're efficient, you create looms, everything's in one place. Like, you write down, you have your SOPs, blah, blah, blah. That's like super important. So that's what I'm doing here together. I'm kind of using the same techniques that we could charge people or I could certainly charge people. A coach. Okay, so let's go here and let me download it. And then let me move it into your. Here I'm just going to save it into your folder. Doing like a little mini business plan. But we should talk about three farmers too, right? Because I really don't want like that, like 80, 20 rule, like. Okay, so here's your updated presentation and this document. Let's make sure that it's saved in the same place. Save as. See where it's saying? Ah. Okay, so now let me move it over here. Save it. Okay, so it's there. It says it's in downloads. It's going to take a couple minutes always to be organized. Sure. Okay, so you see, so now everything's in one place. Close all this and now let me reopen it so I have like a folder for. So now we'll reopen this and we'll reopen your presentation. Okay. And then I'll share at the end of the meeting, I'll share. So let's go back to the word doc. So what? Our little buddy map has seven steps. So one, build authority. Okay, so we should do this. Like, I should do it for my consulting and we can do it at the same time. And you should do it like, we can do that on the call number two, create lead magnet. We need to do that on the call. Monthly workshops. That might be a really good idea. I know the masterclass had a lot of buzz appeal. I know you didn't get any direct leads yet, but you know, you know how it works, right? Like it. Like it. It takes on average for 30 years now and nothing's changed. It takes on average nine touch points for a consumer to convert to your brand, whether it's packaged goods brand or a business brand. Some are longer. You know, cars might be longer or I don't know, like incredibly complex things might be longer, some might be shorter. But with consumer packaged goods brands, it's nine. And that hasn't changed in 30 years. So what we're doing now, you know, math is just one of many examples, but I like his is we're doing drip. Like 15 years ago I was working with this great digital consultant when I was at, I met him at Weight Watchers and then we did consulting for a bunch of brands. It was the same thing. And back then I had like a 4 million dollar budget too. So I was working with really good agencies, but I had a really good consultant. And it's all the same thing. Like the nine touch points. Drip, drip, drip, drip, drip. Free content, free content, free content, free content. Bang. I think I sent you the one around free content like today, right? Like it's all the same thing. And that's why I'm saying we should just like pick one model and all of the good guys. Once we have the model, it'll be 80% there. And then once in a while we'll maybe see an article and get an idea and get a spin on it. But literally. So I'm the ser. That theory has not changed in 30 years. There's a little bit the top of the funnel theory, the how you bring a business, how you bring a consumer, all of that stuff hasn't changed. The only thing that's changed maybe is you know, how you reach the consumer. So now you can reach them on LinkedIn way more than, you know, 30 years ago. Because I don't know if LinkedIn existed. TikTok is a new method. AI is brand new and that's changing a lot of things. Like I'm getting bombarded with co sign like we really have to up our game on AI but let's just pick one. Right? So this will be our, this will be kind of Susie. Susie and Soham's, you know, strategies. Yeah. To gain soul, to acquire and retain. Clients. You know, like one offs and ongo and ongoing retainer. Okay. Because you and I have the same objectives. So this to me made sense. Authority, lead magnet, authority. The right target. I think that is always number one. So I think that's missing from here. I'm just going to combine everything I've, I've read and it's my head. Like this is a really good exercise. So I'm happy we're doing this. Monthly workshops. I think I'm gonna leave this for now. Add outreach campaign. And we'll do sections in that. So, for example, work workshops. Slash, I like to call them master classes because that name has way more pull. Email strategy is. Email is like, number one, always actual ads on LinkedIn. But that we need to test. That we need to test because, like, I don't know if you know, usually when you start doing ads, like, you don't come across as authentic anymore. So let's say like a wicked content strategy, content calendar for LinkedIn. Like, I think. And we could have overlaps, right? I think this is, like, the most important and that's where we can use a little bit of AI. This we're going to test. I'm not sure. So ad. Oh, and then I guess there is, like, cold outreach, so that I'm going to put these in blue. Okay. So actually, my friend Suzanne. So these in blue, I'm like, not too excited about in red. Like, they're really, like, important blue. It's me. So Suzanne, she went, do you pay for LinkedIn Navigator on LinkedIn? Yeah. Yeah. So she showed me her. I paid for it by mistake. I signed up, like, in the spring. It was supposed to be just one month. And then of course, I forgot to cancel it. And I was so pissed off. And we'll talk about this in a sec. But so. And I. Because I, I, you know, I'm. I'm doing, like three things. I'm building my Suzy brand. So I guess I'm doing. No, I'm doing three things. I'm building my Susie brand, which is what we're doing now. I'm also launching the hot chocolate and the chocolates. And we'll talk about that in a sec because I just got $200,000 from angel investors. That's confidential. And that's. I don't want anyone to know. And then number three is I have an actual contract that's, you know, paying me a little bit of money every month, which is good because I haven't had a lot of money. So today we're just. We're talking right now on Bucket One. So I have my personal goals and stuff. So this is. Bucket 1 is built by Susie York personal brand. My goal is to, you know, spend time every. Every day, every week on my brand. And I'll show you my website. I think I showed you my website. You sent me a screenshot. Yeah. So. So I have the plan we're doing for you. I'm gonna do for me. I might just do it on the same call so we kind of. But. So I can combine it. But I had signed up to Navigator and she signed up to Navigator because she left Walmart and. And she's just doing public speaking and. And she has a short term contract for three months. It's confidential. It's with. It's with. It's with a big retailer and she's not supposed to say who it is, but I know who it is. It's a good retailer and she's paid, you know, for three months. You. You never know. Like things like that could wind up as a full time job for her. But she's in a really tough spot. So that's a different conversation because she's a transformation consultant and you don't. No one has a VP of transformation full time. Right. So I would not be for me as a CMO if I got a three month contract to be full time time, temporary CMO that can easily turn into a contract like, like a full time contract for her. I don't know. Like, there's not a lot of. Let me just charge. There's not a lot of transformation full time officers, but let's, let's come back and focus on us. But what she. So she has Navigator also. And like, so when you go to here, when you go to services, she's getting bombarded with men from Saudi Arabia pretending to offer her deals. Like, it's awful. Like she literally has. You see here how it says reactivate premium? Yeah. Yeah. So I was asking her, I said, oh, should I, you know, activate premium? Like right now I need to launch my chocolates. And I, I spent five hours with her on that yesterday. I'm kind of frustrated, but because I, I don't have like the. Vanessa was useless and Julia was more than useless. So I need help. So I'm really frustrated with that. I gotta do some ops like operation that I hate, hate, hate. But an order and cut pieces. And you know, I had two people helping me and I have Mellie on graphic design and they're all very weak. So that, that kind of really bothers me. But park that for a sec. So I was saying like, should I reactivate premium? And she showed me her inbox. Oh my God. So you have an inbox somewhere, right? Yeah. Messaging on top. Like, yeah. You know, so is it just the normal. Like it's under here, Here under request. Yeah, here. Right, so it's under request. Right. So we under request. I just got this one guy and I don't even know what it is. Right. Like it's Teasing me. It's saying, oh, you have to reactivate. Like, I don't. Yeah. Oh, you have to reactivate to talk to this guy. Right. And then. I don't know what this is. She literally had 50. So happen. Like, she's 50. Request. They're all scammy men. Like, she thinks just looking to date her. Okay. Yeah. Do you have, like, real requests? Like, show me your request. I have no request. Okay, so. So part of it is you should figure out, like, your budget. So let's come back so we could do cold outreach Right. On LinkedIn. But here, I'll just show you my LinkedIn. Sure. Like, it's not. It's not a joke. Like, look at this. Okay, so this is what. This is what I get. Let me just move you out of the way. Okay. Like, every day. So who's this guy here? Blah, blah, blah. Like, look like I don't even read his email. Help. He also sent me messages. Drive. Oh, I have, like, how many messages do I have? Like, hundreds, right? I don't even know how many messages I have here. So look. So. Oh, he's X. Cpg. Happy Thanksgiving. Oh, here's a picture of me. Happy birthday, blah, blah, blah. And then. Oh, he's gonna start hitting me, right? So he did drip, drip. And then hit drip, drip. Oh, now I want to sell you something. Oh, erp. Oh, blah, blah, blah, blah. This is my website guy. We'll talk about that later. Oh, drip. I noticed. Blah, blah, blah. I'm like, okay, happy to connect. Thanks for asking. Thanks for answering me. Now I'm gonna sell you something. Oh, now you didn't answer my message. Oh, now you didn't answer my message. So then I blew him off saying, like, oh, nice connecting. Oh, Amazon. Okay, here, let's see, let's see. Okay. Helping Amazon. FBA Sellers. Okay, so here, I'm just gonna. I'm just gonna put this. Just. We're doing a little bit of competitive stuff, so let's just. Do, you know Susie's LinkedIn? Okay, so there's this dude. So this dude book your free consultation today. He's in Manila, Right. He's in the Philippines. So he's cheap. Yeah. Let's see. Are you. Blah, blah, blah. Okay, let's see. His pitch. Discovered how. Oh, accounting stuff. Accounting. What the. What's that for AB Sellers. I think he's just like, an accounting thing. Well, I mean, that's a whole pain in the butt, right? Like, there's a lot of businesses because. And then look, you know, he has write his referrals right here. Because doesn't Amazon steal a whole bunch of money? Like we need to know. Yeah, yeah. So he's bookkeeping for Amazon. Right, Right, right. It's a good service. I'd say the accounting stuff if he's good. Like, but you want to chase like all those on Amazon, like, you gotta manage it. Like our, our guy Matt was not managing the accounting at all. At all. Then there's this guy. Oh, selection committee. You can be on the magazine. And this guy. Yeah, oh, fundraising. And then. Oh, blah, blah. Okay. No thanks. Oh, but you do read these messages. Millions. Millions. Millions. Millions. Millions. Yeah. Like I have millions. Like I get like 20 a day. Right. Huh. So we could do cold outreach. There's like, the point was like, hey, there's a business for that. But I'm not too excited. Excited about it. And we could post ads. Cold outreach. It's probably going to work faster, but of course it's going to take a lot of effort. We are not going to get responses. And also. But you need AI for cold outreach. You need AI because. Because like the whole idea is you send 1000 DMs and you get one response. Right. Like with cold outreach, you have to send way, way more and your conversion variables are way lower. So it's about scale, right? It's about mass outreach versus targeted outreach. On LinkedIn, by the way, you can. I'm sorry, it's just once. One thing. On LinkedIn, by the way, you can send probably maximum 400 messages a month. Cold outreach. Okay. Yeah. Even with your accelerator thingy. Yeah. But your ratio, I think if you get one out of four, 400, that would be actually good. Yeah, definitely. It can be even more than that if it is done well, probably if the offer is really good. Like it's hard, Right. Look at me, right? Like, I write like it. Cold outreach is really, really hard. You know, better to have you better. Like if you have like 140 hours in a week, you're better. You're better to have these. Right? Like, oh, where's word of mouth? Where did we put word of mouth? Here. Not here for sure. I think it was an observation. Word of mouth. Yeah, but we'll read. So word of mouth. Like that leads to warm intros. Like, that's what I got with like you. You would have zero likelihood to get three farmers if you didn't have a warm intro. 100, right. If you just went on LinkedIn and you bombarded Elisa with like a standard DM, like she wouldn't. She probably gets the same amount as I do. Like, she wouldn't. Why would she pick you? Right. Like, it's really hard. So that's why these are in blue. I don't think you should spend too much time on it. But this is really key, right? Yeah. And then we'll do workshops, master classes. And then you get. I agree with you. And then you'll, you know. Yeah. And then here, you know, you offer always, like, free content. I mean, the how. Sorry, the out. The what is the outreach. And then the how is always. So we have to talk to the right target. We. We have to build authority. We need a tool, a strong league magnet tool, which is going to be free. Then we Outreach. Outreach, outreach. And then we need to have the follow up. Let's see what he calls it. So this is kind of our roadmap. That's why I just wanted to start here. Sure. What he calls it is so building authority. So obviously we have to write this out because we have to solve problems. Killer lead magnet. We have to come up with one on the call. Then whether we do what workshops. We're just talking about that. Personalized offers. Okay, so that's like. That's in the authority. I think I'm gonna. I'm gonna. There's different ways to organize it, but I'm gonna organize it here. So proven success with past clients. Case studies. I think that's kind of a. I mean, you have it here in our positioning, right? It's an rtb. Where's our positioning? It's all the same thing, but our. One of our RTBs. Okay, we're gonna have to fix all this here. RTBs is. Didn't we fix this? Yeah, we had that fixed. And I think you can find the client numbers here. Okay, let me check what I have. So let me do numbers. I don't know if you have a more. A more recent version, but I will just fix it now. So in your reasons to believe that. Case studies. Yeah, we have numbers here. You have numbers in yours. Yeah, but I think mine is not updated on yours. Looks more updated. Okay, drop me. Drop me yours in the WhatsApp. I'll just merge them right now and then we'll just keep. We should get a Dropbox so we keep just one version. Yeah, I will do that. Okay. All right. Yours is more updated. I have to look on my folder. Mine is more updated. Yeah, yours is more updated. Oh, okay. All right, let's. Let's just do it on that. Yeah. Yeah, but it's all connected. Right. So rtbs, case studies, a unique process. Discord organized like it should have. Like this has to be all well organized. Okay, so how many RTVs do you have? And these are kind of weaker ones. These are weaker ones. So they don't even. We'll put a space in here. Okay, so you know what, let me. When it gets to the pitch. One second, one second. Let me send you the update 1. I have found it. It will be helpful. Yeah, we'll just merge them. Yeah. Because I think we had edited that a bit. Yeah. It. We have the numbers and everything more organized. Okay. All right. But it's all the same thing. We just want to. I want to map out the game plan now. Yeah. Ah, okay. Yeah, it's updated a little bit. Okay. So this would make changes. This is the same. Okay, so let me just take. Copy this over and I'll just fix it now. It'll take two seconds. Okay, So yours were. Okay, yeah, that's updated. Perfect. Okay, perfect. So it's. I was doing the same thing. The results, I think come on higher. I'm just going to merge them both and then you can kind of use the. So we need to have a few more clients other than sneak quick. But you know, when you get three farmers, then now suddenly you have like two big names, right? Yeah. Then it just snowballs. But we got to get you your processes and stuff efficient before it snowballs. I can also have Maple Life in their neutral lab. They are also quite big. Yeah. Three. Yeah. Did you win awards? No. You didn't win any awards? No, I just have the Amazon Ads page Partner badge. The Verified Partner badge. That's all I have. But many people have that, so it doesn't make any difference. What is it? What's it called? It's. It's Verified. Verified Partners badge from Amazon Ads. Yeah. Yeah, that's good. Actually, this probably doesn't go in there it goes. Goes here. Okay. But. Okay, let's come back. Perfect. This is all blah, blah, blah. Okay, so that's. Just merging the stuff. Sa. Okay, so I just merged. So I'll resend you this. Okay, so let's go back to. Let's go back to mapping things out, which is. So. Okay. Nurture. Okay. So creative personalized. So we were at. At number four here. Create personalized offers. So let's see if we have that. Yes. So we're missing the what here. So it'll. Put it here. But personalized offer weekly email. It's kind of mix and matching a couple of different things here. Yeah. So referral flood. We have already. Value ladder. Yeah, probably need a value ladder. Okay, so let's. This is kind of the game plan. So let's look at this little it. So we have to make sure that we have the right target, the right niche. So we'll work on that. We have to build authority. Then we have to create a strong lead magnet that will. That should probably include success and success with past clients. Personalized offer. Then we need to outreach. Outreach, Outreach, outreach with the lead magnet. Then we need to follow up on the outreach. So this we got to define a little bit. So yeah, you know, the first follow up is super key. We also need to build the list. So this is kind of the dating part. So we build the list and then we have weekly emails. So this is kind of just. You keep them warm. You keep them warm. It doesn't like it might take 10 emails before they convert. Create your value lather. Are each of our value ladders for our products. Then we should have like, make it easy to get. So this is like. So we need to use AI to automate. Like part of it is right now it's not as if you have, you know, 10 leads a week, but if you want to scale and have more clients and then train your team and all that stuff, you're gonna have to kind of focus on all of the stuff. Like the video from yesterday. I don't know if you sent it to me or I sent it to you. Right. Like you gotta automate everything. You've got to have like your looms or whatever they're called videos like your SOPs, ETC. So right now what we just want to do is get one solid process for three farmers, but then you want to repeat, repeat, repeat with that. Okay, so this is kind of a mini game plan. We have to make sure we're finding the right target with the build authority and, and do a strong lead. Okay, so let's look at the authority. So here he says, build the top 10 burning problems your dream customers have and then you create content for their solution. Okay. So you become the go to expert. Okay, so let's do point number two on build authority. So you should write it in here. Let's do a little table. And this is, you know, so see, this is the, this is the thing that I initially contacted you for because you're from this industry. You definitely would be able to help me out with this. Okay. Okay. So let's take a quick stab at. Top 10 party problems. Okay. So one of them is definitely simplify the accounting. Right. Like, that's definitely one of them. And we saw that there's one guy that just does that. So that kind of makes sense. Get the refunds, dollars owed. That's kind of another one. It's kind of connected, but it's another one. Saul. Domain authority resellers. Oh, okay. Well, people steal your thing. Resellers. Yeah. One is. Yeah. One is to get roas on spent. Two is. Okay. Okay. So if I think about, like, what I like, overall, I want to have an actual return on the roas. I want my listings to be strong. I had issues with domains. Then we have solved issues with Amazon rejecting listings, rejecting ads. So math has spent a lot of time. Time on this. He set this up. Cost effective influencers. So if I kind of say, like, if I look up, like when I go on Amazon and for my new chocolates, like, overall, yeah, I want to have a great. So that is a topic, right? Like, hey, it's not paying out. Hey, I need content listed. So if you think about like all the founders, folks, like, everyone's like, hey, you know, how do we get listed? And some people do it themselves, but then, you know, that will convert. Yeah. Oh, there's all these scammers. Oh, Amazon once again said no to my vitamins. Oh, I need reviews. I need reviews. Oh, I don't understand the accounting. It's so complicated. I don't get this stuff. You can even kind of see and you know, get the refunds. $. Oh, get paid. Like for me, I was like, matt, like months and months and months, like, when am I gonna get paid? And he was always saying, I don't know, like, every money was coming off my credit card every week and I was never getting money in. So maybe that's one. Like, you know, for both, like, revenue. Yeah, it's like revenue spend. Okay, okay. Right. So these are all like topics that you can write articles on. Like three farmers, right? They have 10 SKUs. Yeah, we'll have to look into that. So they're scared. They're scared of removing some. So you can write like, you can go in AI right now and write like, just go on AI and get 10 articles written on this. Let's find you another one. You can get into the weeds. Yeah, that's a little bit more technical. Yeah, it's more in the weeds. And one question that I liked about from the master class is when should I get into Amazon? He was confused. Yeah, that was a good question. I mean, if you have anything else in mind I mean probably people ask many questions in your group. If you noticed a common theme, then probably you can also think about writing them down here. Here. Huh. Okay, that's a good one. You have a little model, right? The Amazon calculator. Like you could just kind of all of these. You can start like literally you can take an hour and go in AI and you'll have 10 posts ready to post. Yeah, right. Like, and just you. I don't know, put the, put the link to the post here so that we can keep track of it. Why don't we just do. Let's do a Dropbox for you and I actually. Sure. So because right now my Dropbox is shared with healthy me. Let's just do a Dropbox here. Okay, so. And this will be more than 14 posts. These are just the topics. There are so many different ways. Of the 14 topics that you wrote, these are just topics. And there are so many more posts that you can do. Exactly, Exactly. Like, like. How to test ads. Is this, like, what do you mean by that? Well, how do you test, you know, like there's all these things like, oh, I can test like, like 10 different version of ads. Like some of the posts on TikTok or like hey now with AI you can literally generate like 40 different ads in like 10 seconds. But you need kind of a strategy. Like because there's limited amount of budget, you need a strategy to kind of which ones to test and how to read the results here. We can do one on here, which is Amazon Research. Okay. So you can use the real example, but you can also do like they, they allow you to do samples. Right. So you like there's lots and lots of stuff so that's in here. So if they can solve this, imagine. Right, so your lead market is pretty key. So let's just do your lead market right now. Sure, yeah. And then I have to go. Okay, so like start filling this out for your content and I can help you organize it. And then let's just do your lead mark and then I'm going to move the files over. Sounds good. So, so for Leap Magne. So what's the one specific problem just to solve. So this is going to be like you're going to send this in emails. It's going to be the core of your ads. So what do you think that could be? Well, something that has, I mean I have been on fiber for a very long time. I mean not for a very long time, but for a while now. Product listing suppression. That's something that is in High demand. So many people would reach out to me just for that. But you know why, right? It's because they're small brands and they're new brands that don't have budgets. Right. So the people on Fiber will be brand listings. Okay. So like, like. And we can capture this in the game. Like here. You have to update this, the third one, Expertise in highly regulated supplements category in Canada. And they. Yeah, Just wanna. I don't know why this formatting just. It annoys me. Just make it the same. Whoop. Oh, wait, so it's. This one. Okay. Hopefully now it'll. Okay, so my goodness. Okay, let's go to Where's Insight? Let's do a little chart in here. Let's capture it in here. So if you're a smaller brand, So you're going to go to Fiber, Right. What's the other one again? It's Upwork, Fiber and Upworks. So if you're a smaller brand, you're going to go there, right. And you're going to try to hire. Hire for listings influencers. The decision drivers are going to be your ratings and your reviews and your price. Right. Price and also offer. Actually, you know, the reason it has worked out so well is because not just Amazon services is it's for supplements and food brands. So cpg, that's why people come to me. That's the main reason they would approach me. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So we, that's really important then we need to beef that up a little bit so that like. Yeah, we haven't talked about that a lot. That's really key because our. Your niche. Okay, so let's do that. Let's do that. Actually. That's really good. Okay. You see how it's coming together. I think we just figured out your niche. Okay. So there's. And just for fun we're gonna put the very large brands. But we know that that's like, it's just as a point of comparison. Right. So it just kind of allows us to push the thinking a little bit. Sure. So it's always good to do that. Yeah, that's a different beast altogether. Yeah. So. Yeah. Do you know the. Have you heard about Protein Candy? The brand? Which one? Yeah, Protein Candy. Do you want an introduction to them? I did a cold outreach to Devin and he just said they have an agency. So. Yeah, I guess bigger companies would always say things like that. Yeah, yeah. So what happens with those brands, right, Is like the brand, what happens as soon as you get big on LinkedIn. And I saw it with love. Good Fats like everyone's bombarding you to offer services, right? So it. I think their founder owns a digital agency. So the investor founder is the guy. The same guy from. The same guy from Pulp and Press, I think. So who owns. The guy who owns Pulp and Press? So who the guy who owns Pulp and Press has here? Them and John Parlo. Oh, I think I had a call with John Parlo. Okay. Okay. So those guys have this agency, Northern, Northern Commerce. And I had a call with John, I think from Northern Commerce. They're making whatever 10 million a year. And they took that money to start the candy company. But again, you know, lovegood Fast had Matt at whatever that agency was called. And then after three years, like, even though they were supposed to be the best agency, it wasn't working. So, you know, the, the new director of Ecom found a new Amazon partner. Right. So even larger CPG brands, they're still going to kind of look to find partners, but usually it's all word of mouth. Cmo, you know, cm, CMO referrals. And they'll go to larger agencies. Right. They won't go to upworks. What they do is they'll usually always do an RFP and the decision and the drivers will be kind of the CMO to lead, usually. And it's going to be a combination of, you know, the fact the variables are going to be like everything from, you know, the results and the referrals. So let me just show. I just, I have to go after this, but I want to show you this. Okay. Just so you kind of see how three fire. Because even though they're a smaller brand, they're operating like a bigger brand. Like they, like they have the discipline of a bigger brand. So I'm just going to show you this. Oh, actually I'm going to copy the files over. Okay. I'm going to copy the files over because you signed the NDA, right? Sure. Just. You don't need to mention that I send them to you. Okay. But. Okay, so here, let's just do this now. So again, I'll help you kind of. I'll work on the presentation and send it to you probably then you can guide me through the. Yeah, yeah. Like, I really want you to do a good job there because there's no use for me to help you find a bunch of clients if you drop the ball like 900% once you have them. So I'm just going to move this over here. Okay. So I'm going to take all these control C and I'm Going to drop them in E. Com files. Okay. So, okay, so you have three farmers. Okay. CPG Edge, the game plan, which is the document we have now, which I'll move over then three farmers within three farmers, you have the E. Com file. Then we'll do another, you know, folder called, you know, proposal. Sure. And then you probably want one for, like, you know, scorecards. Once you have a scorecard. So under proposal, you'll put their deck, your deck, back and forth, back and forth. I can just show you kind of like here how they did brand positioning. They're rebranding back then, their 2020 rebrand. So this is the agency that they use. And they literally saved. You know, I don't put them in order. They saved every single deck. Right. They presented the first deck and then the second deck and the third deck. So someone like me comes in and I read all these decks in order. It was super easy. Then they did this little student stupid little research. Oh, no, actually, this was a good. They did a consumer research. The methodology was not bad, but their positioning was bad. So then they saved all the files there. Right. So they're. They're very. The two sisters are super organized. Let me just show you. I'm doing a business review now. Let me just show you. These are their ads, and they're creative. So I'll show you. I mean, you can just go on Amazon, but they're their ads, and creative is really bad. That their creative brief? Yeah. There's nothing else in here. But let me move to. So let me save this document. Save close. This is an old one. So let me move this document. Here. So this is our, like, our master plan. So actually, let's rename it. Let's rename it to rename. So CPG Edge Master Plan and Positioning. Okay. So that's the new name, Your PowerPoint deck. That'll go in here. So let me just move. You have the PowerPoint deck, but I'll just do it right away because it'll take me two minutes because I'm in the file already. Actually, we'll. I'll put these four files in here. Okay, so now our Dropbox has. Our Dropbox has pretty much all of our important files. And, you know, that's why I was saying, like, there's no kind of secret magic. Like, it's just you get a plan, you work the plan. It's like building a house or anything, right? Like, you. You get a plan, and you work a plan with a brand. It's a business review that leads to A marketing plan. You execute the marketing plan, you learn repeat, repeat, repeat. Like there's then all of these different tools we're looking at. They're all the same. What are we called? It's called so CPG Edge. Cpg, right. What's your email again? It's Marketer Do Sohamroy. My full name. S. O H A m. Okay. I don't know why it does this. So then the other thing. Okay, so we'll keep working this, but you kind of get the plan. We're just gonna fill in all the blanks. Wait, there's something else I wanted to do. Do. Oh yeah. So show me. So you should have access now. Show me this thing here. Yeah, we have new ideas. Instead of the hot chocolate, we're going to also offer for a cacao, hot and cold cacao mix. Okay. Okay. So show me the school thing here. So what do I do with the school thing? Oh, login first. Do you have the. I gave you the id. Yeah, login first and then I'll probably show you the module that you need to take a look at. Yeah, there the email. Copy the email and the password. And we have two groups here, two communities. So on top, you see, this is the modern agency sales. This is the Team Kins program. If you want to access what he has to offer, you have to go to classroom. If you want to check it out, up to you. And this is where you get to see what he offers for free. It's the second and the third module that are useful. Yeah, this. Have you looked at this one? First client in 14 days. Yeah. Yeah. Is it good? This is more about the outreach. So the one that I said. Okay, so what is this school thing? What is that like? It's an app that does what? What does school do? School. You send me a screenshot of Alex or Mosey. But yeah. So school is basically a community builder. It's a platform where you can build community course and also a community at the same time. Community builder? Yeah, it's a community. What is it? What is it for? It's like let's say for any information product. So any kind of course. As a coach, let's say you want to teach something and you will have a course. You have a course to offer. You can offer that in the classroom section. Right. You can upload all of those content. So it's like a school. Exactly. It's cool. At the same time people can also communicate. So it's a community. Okay, so where if I go to the home where's the homepage. This is the homepage, basically, if you want to see this one here. Yeah. This is the homepage for the Modern Agency Sales. If you want to switch the community to no Code architect, go back. Oh, yeah. Click there. And then you will also see no code architects. Click there. See, you're switching the community. Now it's a different community. So you have two schools, right? Yes. Okay. And what if I want to discover communities? You could do that. That's here, right? Yeah. So is there a community? You know how to build your community on LinkedIn? Like, is there something like that? Well, Tim Kings, is actually that the one that I have, Modern Agency sales. That's on LinkedIn. Yeah, this is on LinkedIn. So where do I go to find good stuff here? Classroom. Scroll up and then classroom. Yes, here. If you go to the second and the third one, first two are useless. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Did you follow this bootcamp? Yes. I mean, not the bootcamp, but I followed the free course that he offers. So who posted this? Let's just back up. Like, why is this guy. Why is there only one thing on Classroom Community? Like, why is there only one thing? There are more if you go back. It's just that you entered one section, one module, Right? So there are these five modules there. Yeah, yeah, but that's still five. That's miniature, right? Like, yes, it's a free version. It's not a paid course. That's why it's so, like, it's a miniature version. It's a lead magnet for him. The school community is a lead magnet for him. The way he is using it. He provides services. Yeah. Who says? Who's he? Who are we talking about? Team Kin. Go to Community. I'll show you the person. Yeah, yeah. Is this his software? Tim? Yes, Tim. So he owns school? No, no, no. It's just he owns this community called Modern Agency Sales. So he has created this community on school. Okay, okay, got it. Understand. So there's more than his. Yes, you can also create your own. Like Steve. There's like Steve Gordon. Have a community here? Not sure. Like, okay, may have it. But you can. The community name may be different. So you have to first look into Seth Gowden's website. Maybe he has a community. Who knows? If you know the name, you can join it. Very interesting. Yes. And the ad that you showed me, I don't know. Are you ever about Alex Sarmozi's work or is that just something that popped up on your feed? Which one? Son Alex Harmosi's screenshot You sent me a screenshot of Alexa Mozi. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I think it's a TikTok. Let me check. I think I just. No, it's not a TikTok screenshot. Like, it's LinkedIn. Yeah, yeah. So he invested in school very recently. Alex Amozy is very popular these days. Right. And he invested in school.com, so he's promoting it. So he has a free challenge. I mean, a competition, basically. Yeah. Oh, Alex. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's a big name on LinkedIn. Okay. So he. Oh, okay. Okay. So. Oh, I sent you this. Yeah, Okay. I don't even know why I sent you this, probably. Okay, well, now let me show you something about the AI course. Let's go to that, this, that community so that you can also, you know, the AI course, go back to school. Yeah, yeah. No code architects. Click there again. And no code architects. And go to classroom. Classroom on top. Yeah, there. Here. Go to the second module, which is make an airtable course. This is where you need to get started. This is what you need to see. Maybe finish watching the level one. Just that. Start there, watch all the videos as soon as. As quickly as you can and then start building and learn whatever you need to learn. As you need. Don't keep on watching. What is this for again? It's for AI automation. The videos that you keep sending. Ah, okay. Yeah, make. Okay. Awesome. Okay. You rock. Okay, we're on the same page, so we're going to learn this together. It's going to be a lot of fun. I'm having fun. Yes. Okay, so you have homework to do, right? So I have a lot of homework. Do your homework. Go start filling out the content. And you need to use AI for the, for that content, right? Like, do you have your own voice and stuff for in AI? No, I don't have like any of the stuff. Yeah. So you haven't trained a chat GPT for AI? I have built a, the. A custom GPT to write content in my own way. You have? Yeah, I do. Okay, so use that and then let's meet tomorrow for half an hour. Show me what you've done. Sure. Because we can start dropping content. Like you have your PowerPoint deck, which we can get a short version. We need to refine you. You need to write the 14 articles and we need to refine your lead. My lead magnet. And then you can start dropping copy. Yes, yes. All right, so we can just start, right? Like it doesn't need to be perfect. Like we're one half hour meeting away from just starting to post stuff and then learn. And do you have a Tick Tock account? I will open one. You should post it on Tick Tock too. Yeah, you have. You don't have Tick Tock? No. Oh, you have to open up Tick Tock right away. How do you see the Tick Tocks when I send them to you? I just open on desktop. Oh, no, it takes 10 seconds. Open up the TikTok right away. Yeah, yeah. All right. Thank you so much. Yeah, bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Just so I want to link it in here. Just drop one second in here on.

Speaker B: On WhatsApp.

Speaker A: Yep. WhatsApp is good because it'll stay there.

Speaker B: Okay, there.

Speaker A: So here you have create a strong lead magnet so that you absolutely need to do. So that's his step two. Perfect. So that is step two of mat. Let me just put the mat picture in here. Because I like to have everything always in one place. Right. That's. That's that other video that we were looking at where, you know, you're efficient, you create looms, everything's in one place. Like, you write down, you have your SOPs, blah, blah, blah. That's like super important. So that's what I'm doing here together. I'm kind of using the same techniques that we could charge people or I could certainly charge people. A coach. Okay, so let's go here and let me download it. And then let me move it into your. Here I'm just going to save it into your folder. Doing like a little mini business plan. But we should talk about three farmers too, right? Because I really don't want like that, like 80, 20 rule, like. Okay, so here's your updated presentation and this document. Let's make sure that it's saved in the same place. Save as. See where it's saying? Ah. Okay, so now let me move it over here. Save it. Okay, so it's there. It says it's in downloads. It's going to take a couple minutes always to be organized.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Okay, so you see, so now everything's in one place. Close all this and now let me reopen it so I have like a folder for. So now we'll reopen this and we'll reopen your presentation. Okay. And then I'll share at the end of the meeting, I'll share. So let's go back to the word doc. So what? Our little buddy map has seven steps. So one, build authority. Okay, so we should do this. Like, I should do it for my consulting and we can do it at the same time. And you should do it like, we can do that on the call number two, create lead magnet. We need to do that on the call. Monthly workshops. That might be a really good idea. I know the masterclass had a lot of buzz appeal. I know you didn't get any direct leads yet, but you know, you know how it works, right? Like it. Like it. It takes on average for 30 years now and nothing's changed. It takes on average nine touch points for a consumer to convert to your brand, whether it's packaged goods brand or a business brand. Some are longer. You know, cars might be longer or I don't know, like incredibly complex things might be longer, some might be shorter. But with consumer packaged goods brands, it's nine. And that hasn't changed in 30 years. So what we're doing now, you know, math is just one of many examples, but I like his is we're doing drip. Like 15 years ago I was working with this great digital consultant when I was at, I met him at Weight Watchers and then we did consulting for a bunch of brands. It was the same thing. And back then I had like a 4 million dollar budget too. So I was working with really good agencies, but I had a really good consultant. And it's all the same thing. Like the nine touch points. Drip, drip, drip, drip, drip. Free content, free content, free content, free content. Bang. I think I sent you the one around free content like today, right? Like it's all the same thing. And that's why I'm saying we should just like pick one model and all of the good guys. Once we have the model, it'll be 80% there. And then once in a while we'll maybe see an article and get an idea and get a spin on it. But literally. So I'm the ser. That theory has not changed in 30 years. There's a little bit the top of the funnel theory, the how you bring a business, how you bring a consumer, all of that stuff hasn't changed. The only thing that's changed maybe is you know, how you reach the consumer. So now you can reach them on LinkedIn way more than, you know, 30 years ago. Because I don't know if LinkedIn existed. TikTok is a new method. AI is brand new and that's changing a lot of things. Like I'm getting bombarded with co sign like we really have to up our game on AI but let's just pick one. Right? So this will be our, this will be kind of Susie. Susie and Soham's, you know, strategies.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: To gain soul, to acquire and retain. Clients. You know, like one offs and ongo and ongoing retainer. Okay. Because you and I have the same objectives. So this to me made sense. Authority, lead magnet, authority. The right target. I think that is always number one. So I think that's missing from here. I'm just going to combine everything I've, I've read and it's my head. Like this is a really good exercise. So I'm happy we're doing this. Monthly workshops. I think I'm gonna leave this for now. Add outreach campaign. And we'll do sections in that. So, for example, work workshops. Slash, I like to call them master classes because that name has way more pull. Email strategy is. Email is like, number one, always actual ads on LinkedIn. But that we need to test. That we need to test because, like, I don't know if you know, usually when you start doing ads, like, you don't come across as authentic anymore. So let's say like a wicked content strategy, content calendar for LinkedIn. Like, I think. And we could have overlaps, right? I think this is, like, the most important and that's where we can use a little bit of AI. This we're going to test. I'm not sure. So ad. Oh, and then I guess there is, like, cold outreach, so that I'm going to put these in blue.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So actually, my friend Suzanne. So these in blue, I'm like, not too excited about in red. Like, they're really, like, important blue. It's me. So Suzanne, she went, do you pay for LinkedIn Navigator on LinkedIn?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. So she showed me her. I paid for it by mistake. I signed up, like, in the spring. It was supposed to be just one month. And then of course, I forgot to cancel it. And I was so pissed off. And we'll talk about this in a sec. But so. And I. Because I, I, you know, I'm. I'm doing, like three things. I'm building my Suzy brand. So I guess I'm doing. No, I'm doing three things. I'm building my Susie brand, which is what we're doing now. I'm also launching the hot chocolate and the chocolates. And we'll talk about that in a sec because I just got $200,000 from angel investors. That's confidential. And that's. I don't want anyone to know. And then number three is I have an actual contract that's, you know, paying me a little bit of money every month, which is good because I haven't had a lot of money. So today we're just. We're talking right now on Bucket One. So I have my personal goals and stuff. So this is. Bucket 1 is built by Susie York personal brand. My goal is to, you know, spend time every. Every day, every week on my brand. And I'll show you my website. I think I showed you my website.

Speaker B: You sent me a screenshot. Yeah.

Speaker A: So. So I have the plan we're doing for you. I'm gonna do for me. I might just do it on the same call so we kind of. But. So I can combine it. But I had signed up to Navigator and she signed up to Navigator because she left Walmart and. And she's just doing public speaking and. And she has a short term contract for three months. It's confidential. It's with. It's with. It's with a big retailer and she's not supposed to say who it is, but I know who it is. It's a good retailer and she's paid, you know, for three months. You. You never know. Like things like that could wind up as a full time job for her. But she's in a really tough spot. So that's a different conversation because she's a transformation consultant and you don't. No one has a VP of transformation full time. Right. So I would not be for me as a CMO if I got a three month contract to be full time time, temporary CMO that can easily turn into a contract like, like a full time contract for her. I don't know. Like, there's not a lot of. Let me just charge. There's not a lot of transformation full time officers, but let's, let's come back and focus on us. But what she. So she has Navigator also. And like, so when you go to here, when you go to services, she's getting bombarded with men from Saudi Arabia pretending to offer her deals. Like, it's awful. Like she literally has. You see here how it says reactivate premium?

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: So I was asking her, I said, oh, should I, you know, activate premium? Like right now I need to launch my chocolates. And I, I spent five hours with her on that yesterday. I'm kind of frustrated, but because I, I don't have like the. Vanessa was useless and Julia was more than useless. So I need help. So I'm really frustrated with that. I gotta do some ops like operation that I hate, hate, hate. But an order and cut pieces. And you know, I had two people helping me and I have Mellie on graphic design and they're all very weak. So that, that kind of really bothers me. But park that for a sec. So I was saying like, should I reactivate premium? And she showed me her inbox. Oh my God. So you have an inbox somewhere, right?

Speaker B: Yeah. Messaging on top.

Speaker A: Like, yeah. You know, so is it just the normal. Like it's under here, Here under request. Yeah, here. Right, so it's under request. Right. So we under request. I just got this one guy and I don't even know what it is. Right. Like it's Teasing me. It's saying, oh, you have to reactivate. Like, I don't. Yeah. Oh, you have to reactivate to talk to this guy. Right. And then. I don't know what this is. She literally had 50. So happen. Like, she's 50. Request. They're all scammy men. Like, she thinks just looking to date her.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: Do you have, like, real requests? Like, show me your request.

Speaker B: I have no request.

Speaker A: Okay, so. So part of it is you should figure out, like, your budget. So let's come back so we could do cold outreach Right. On LinkedIn. But here, I'll just show you my LinkedIn.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Like, it's not. It's not a joke. Like, look at this. Okay, so this is what. This is what I get. Let me just move you out of the way. Okay. Like, every day. So who's this guy here? Blah, blah, blah. Like, look like I don't even read his email. Help.

Speaker B: He also sent me messages.

Speaker A: Drive. Oh, I have, like, how many messages do I have? Like, hundreds, right? I don't even know how many messages I have here. So look. So. Oh, he's X. Cpg. Happy Thanksgiving. Oh, here's a picture of me. Happy birthday, blah, blah, blah. And then. Oh, he's gonna start hitting me, right? So he did drip, drip. And then hit drip, drip. Oh, now I want to sell you something. Oh, erp. Oh, blah, blah, blah, blah. This is my website guy. We'll talk about that later. Oh, drip. I noticed. Blah, blah, blah. I'm like, okay, happy to connect. Thanks for asking. Thanks for answering me. Now I'm gonna sell you something. Oh, now you didn't answer my message. Oh, now you didn't answer my message. So then I blew him off saying, like, oh, nice connecting.

Speaker B: Oh, Amazon.

Speaker A: Okay, here, let's see, let's see. Okay. Helping Amazon. FBA Sellers. Okay, so here, I'm just gonna. I'm just gonna put this. Just. We're doing a little bit of competitive stuff, so let's just. Do, you know Susie's LinkedIn? Okay, so there's this dude. So this dude book your free consultation today. He's in Manila, Right. He's in the Philippines. So he's cheap. Yeah. Let's see. Are you. Blah, blah, blah. Okay, let's see. His pitch. Discovered how.

Speaker B: Oh, accounting stuff.

Speaker A: Accounting. What the.

Speaker B: What's that for AB Sellers.

Speaker A: I think he's just like, an accounting thing. Well, I mean, that's a whole pain in the butt, right? Like, there's a lot of businesses because. And then look, you know, he has write his referrals right here. Because doesn't Amazon steal a whole bunch of money? Like we need to know.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: So he's bookkeeping for Amazon. Right, Right, right.

Speaker B: It's a good service.

Speaker A: I'd say the accounting stuff if he's good. Like, but you want to chase like all those on Amazon, like, you gotta manage it. Like our, our guy Matt was not managing the accounting at all. At all. Then there's this guy. Oh, selection committee. You can be on the magazine. And this guy. Yeah, oh, fundraising. And then. Oh, blah, blah. Okay. No thanks.

Speaker B: Oh, but you do read these messages.

Speaker A: Millions. Millions. Millions. Millions. Millions.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Like I have millions. Like I get like 20 a day. Right.

Speaker B: Huh.

Speaker A: So we could do cold outreach. There's like, the point was like, hey, there's a business for that. But I'm not too excited. Excited about it. And we could post ads.

Speaker B: Cold outreach. It's probably going to work faster, but of course it's going to take a lot of effort. We are not going to get responses. And also.

Speaker A: But you need AI for cold outreach. You need AI because. Because like the whole idea is you send 1000 DMs and you get one response. Right. Like with cold outreach, you have to send way, way more and your conversion variables are way lower. So it's about scale, right? It's about mass outreach versus targeted outreach.

Speaker B: On LinkedIn, by the way, you can. I'm sorry, it's just once. One thing. On LinkedIn, by the way, you can send probably maximum 400 messages a month. Cold outreach.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Even with your accelerator thingy.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: But your ratio, I think if you get one out of four, 400, that would be actually good.

Speaker B: Yeah, definitely. It can be even more than that if it is done well, probably if the offer is really good.

Speaker A: Like it's hard, Right. Look at me, right? Like, I write like it. Cold outreach is really, really hard. You know, better to have you better. Like if you have like 140 hours in a week, you're better. You're better to have these. Right? Like, oh, where's word of mouth? Where did we put word of mouth? Here.

Speaker B: Not here for sure. I think it was an observation.

Speaker A: Word of mouth. Yeah, but we'll read. So word of mouth. Like that leads to warm intros. Like, that's what I got with like you. You would have zero likelihood to get three farmers if you didn't have a warm intro. 100, right. If you just went on LinkedIn and you bombarded Elisa with like a standard DM, like she wouldn't. She probably gets the same amount as I do. Like, she wouldn't. Why would she pick you? Right. Like, it's really hard. So that's why these are in blue. I don't think you should spend too much time on it. But this is really key, right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And then we'll do workshops, master classes. And then you get.

Speaker B: I agree with you.

Speaker A: And then you'll, you know. Yeah. And then here, you know, you offer always, like, free content. I mean, the how. Sorry, the out. The what is the outreach. And then the how is always. So we have to talk to the right target. We. We have to build authority. We need a tool, a strong league magnet tool, which is going to be free. Then we Outreach. Outreach, outreach. And then we need to have the follow up. Let's see what he calls it. So this is kind of our roadmap. That's why I just wanted to start here. Sure. What he calls it is so building authority. So obviously we have to write this out because we have to solve problems. Killer lead magnet. We have to come up with one on the call. Then whether we do what workshops. We're just talking about that. Personalized offers. Okay, so that's like. That's in the authority. I think I'm gonna. I'm gonna. There's different ways to organize it, but I'm gonna organize it here. So proven success with past clients. Case studies. I think that's kind of a. I mean, you have it here in our positioning, right? It's an rtb. Where's our positioning? It's all the same thing, but our. One of our RTBs. Okay, we're gonna have to fix all this here. RTBs is. Didn't we fix this?

Speaker B: Yeah, we had that fixed.

Speaker A: And I think you can find the client numbers here.

Speaker B: Okay, let me check what I have.

Speaker A: So let me do numbers. I don't know if you have a more. A more recent version, but I will just fix it now. So in your reasons to believe that. Case studies.

Speaker B: Yeah, we have numbers here.

Speaker A: You have numbers in yours.

Speaker B: Yeah, but I think mine is not updated on yours. Looks more updated.

Speaker A: Okay, drop me. Drop me yours in the WhatsApp. I'll just merge them right now and then we'll just keep. We should get a Dropbox so we keep just one version.

Speaker B: Yeah, I will do that. Okay. All right. Yours is more updated. I have to look on my folder.

Speaker A: Mine is more updated.

Speaker B: Yeah, yours is more updated.

Speaker A: Oh, okay. All right, let's.

Speaker B: Let's just do it on that.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, but it's all connected. Right. So rtbs, case studies, a unique process. Discord organized like it should have. Like this has to be all well organized. Okay, so how many RTVs do you have? And these are kind of weaker ones. These are weaker ones. So they don't even. We'll put a space in here. Okay, so you know what, let me. When it gets to the pitch.

Speaker B: One second, one second. Let me send you the update 1. I have found it. It will be helpful.

Speaker A: Yeah, we'll just merge them. Yeah. Because I think we had edited that a bit.

Speaker B: Yeah. It. We have the numbers and everything more organized. Okay. All right.

Speaker A: But it's all the same thing. We just want to. I want to map out the game plan now.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Ah, okay. Yeah, it's updated a little bit. Okay. So this would make changes. This is the same. Okay, so let me just take. Copy this over and I'll just fix it now. It'll take two seconds. Okay, So yours were. Okay, yeah, that's updated. Perfect. Okay, perfect. So it's. I was doing the same thing. The results, I think come on higher. I'm just going to merge them both and then you can kind of use the. So we need to have a few more clients other than sneak quick. But you know, when you get three farmers, then now suddenly you have like two big names, right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Then it just snowballs. But we got to get you your processes and stuff efficient before it snowballs.

Speaker B: I can also have Maple Life in their neutral lab. They are also quite big.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Three. Yeah.

Speaker A: Did you win awards?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: You didn't win any awards?

Speaker B: No, I just have the Amazon Ads page Partner badge. The Verified Partner badge. That's all I have. But many people have that, so it doesn't make any difference.

Speaker A: What is it? What's it called? It's.

Speaker B: It's Verified. Verified Partners badge from Amazon Ads.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, that's good. Actually, this probably doesn't go in there it goes. Goes here. Okay. But. Okay, let's come back. Perfect. This is all blah, blah, blah. Okay, so that's. Just merging the stuff. Sa. Okay, so I just merged. So I'll resend you this. Okay, so let's go back to. Let's go back to mapping things out, which is. So. Okay. Nurture. Okay. So creative personalized. So we were at. At number four here. Create personalized offers. So let's see if we have that. Yes. So we're missing the what here. So it'll. Put it here. But personalized offer weekly email. It's kind of mix and matching a couple of different things here. Yeah. So referral flood. We have already. Value ladder. Yeah, probably need a value ladder. Okay, so let's. This is kind of the game plan. So let's look at this little it. So we have to make sure that we have the right target, the right niche. So we'll work on that. We have to build authority. Then we have to create a strong lead magnet that will. That should probably include success and success with past clients. Personalized offer. Then we need to outreach. Outreach, Outreach, outreach with the lead magnet. Then we need to follow up on the outreach. So this we got to define a little bit. So yeah, you know, the first follow up is super key. We also need to build the list. So this is kind of the dating part. So we build the list and then we have weekly emails. So this is kind of just. You keep them warm. You keep them warm. It doesn't like it might take 10 emails before they convert. Create your value lather. Are each of our value ladders for our products. Then we should have like, make it easy to get. So this is like. So we need to use AI to automate. Like part of it is right now it's not as if you have, you know, 10 leads a week, but if you want to scale and have more clients and then train your team and all that stuff, you're gonna have to kind of focus on all of the stuff. Like the video from yesterday. I don't know if you sent it to me or I sent it to you. Right. Like you gotta automate everything. You've got to have like your looms or whatever they're called videos like your SOPs, ETC. So right now what we just want to do is get one solid process for three farmers, but then you want to repeat, repeat, repeat with that. Okay, so this is kind of a mini game plan. We have to make sure we're finding the right target with the build authority and, and do a strong lead. Okay, so let's look at the authority. So here he says, build the top 10 burning problems your dream customers have and then you create content for their solution. Okay. So you become the go to expert. Okay, so let's do point number two on build authority. So you should write it in here. Let's do a little table.

Speaker B: And this is, you know, so see, this is the, this is the thing that I initially contacted you for because you're from this industry. You definitely would be able to help me out with this.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So let's take a quick stab at.

Speaker B: Top 10 party problems.

Speaker A: Okay. So one of them is definitely simplify the accounting. Right. Like, that's definitely one of them. And we saw that there's one guy that just does that. So that kind of makes sense. Get the refunds, dollars owed. That's kind of another one. It's kind of connected, but it's another one. Saul. Domain authority resellers.

Speaker B: Oh, okay.

Speaker A: Well, people steal your thing.

Speaker B: Resellers. Yeah.

Speaker A: One is. Yeah. One is to get roas on spent. Two is.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. So if I think about, like, what I like, overall, I want to have an actual return on the roas. I want my listings to be strong. I had issues with domains. Then we have solved issues with Amazon rejecting listings, rejecting ads. So math has spent a lot of time. Time on this. He set this up. Cost effective influencers. So if I kind of say, like, if I look up, like when I go on Amazon and for my new chocolates, like, overall, yeah, I want to have a great. So that is a topic, right? Like, hey, it's not paying out. Hey, I need content listed. So if you think about like all the founders, folks, like, everyone's like, hey, you know, how do we get listed? And some people do it themselves, but then, you know, that will convert.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Oh, there's all these scammers. Oh, Amazon once again said no to my vitamins. Oh, I need reviews. I need reviews. Oh, I don't understand the accounting. It's so complicated. I don't get this stuff. You can even kind of see and you know, get the refunds. $. Oh, get paid. Like for me, I was like, matt, like months and months and months, like, when am I gonna get paid? And he was always saying, I don't know, like, every money was coming off my credit card every week and I was never getting money in. So maybe that's one. Like, you know, for both, like, revenue. Yeah, it's like revenue spend.

Speaker B: Okay, okay.

Speaker A: Right. So these are all like topics that you can write articles on. Like three farmers, right? They have 10 SKUs.

Speaker B: Yeah, we'll have to look into that.

Speaker A: So they're scared. They're scared of removing some. So you can write like, you can go in AI right now and write like, just go on AI and get 10 articles written on this. Let's find you another one. You can get into the weeds.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's a little bit more technical.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's more in the weeds.

Speaker B: And one question that I liked about from the master class is when should I get into Amazon? He was confused. Yeah, that was a good question. I mean, if you have anything else in mind I mean probably people ask many questions in your group. If you noticed a common theme, then probably you can also think about writing them down here. Here. Huh. Okay, that's a good one.

Speaker A: You have a little model, right? The Amazon calculator. Like you could just kind of all of these. You can start like literally you can take an hour and go in AI and you'll have 10 posts ready to post. Yeah, right. Like, and just you. I don't know, put the, put the link to the post here so that we can keep track of it. Why don't we just do. Let's do a Dropbox for you and I actually.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: So because right now my Dropbox is shared with healthy me. Let's just do a Dropbox here. Okay, so.

Speaker B: And this will be more than 14 posts. These are just the topics. There are so many different ways. Of the 14 topics that you wrote, these are just topics. And there are so many more posts that you can do.

Speaker A: Exactly, Exactly. Like, like.

Speaker B: How to test ads. Is this, like, what do you mean by that?

Speaker A: Well, how do you test, you know, like there's all these things like, oh, I can test like, like 10 different version of ads. Like some of the posts on TikTok or like hey now with AI you can literally generate like 40 different ads in like 10 seconds. But you need kind of a strategy. Like because there's limited amount of budget, you need a strategy to kind of which ones to test and how to read the results here. We can do one on here, which is Amazon Research.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So you can use the real example, but you can also do like they, they allow you to do samples. Right. So you like there's lots and lots of stuff so that's in here. So if they can solve this, imagine. Right, so your lead market is pretty key. So let's just do your lead market right now.

Speaker B: Sure, yeah.

Speaker A: And then I have to go. Okay, so like start filling this out for your content and I can help you organize it. And then let's just do your lead mark and then I'm going to move the files over.

Speaker B: Sounds good.

Speaker A: So, so for Leap Magne. So what's the one specific problem just to solve. So this is going to be like you're going to send this in emails. It's going to be the core of your ads. So what do you think that could be?

Speaker B: Well, something that has, I mean I have been on fiber for a very long time. I mean not for a very long time, but for a while now. Product listing suppression. That's something that is in High demand. So many people would reach out to me just for that.

Speaker A: But you know why, right? It's because they're small brands and they're new brands that don't have budgets. Right. So the people on Fiber will be brand listings. Okay. So like, like. And we can capture this in the game. Like here. You have to update this, the third

Speaker B: one, Expertise in highly regulated supplements category in Canada. And they.

Speaker A: Yeah, Just wanna. I don't know why this formatting just. It annoys me. Just make it the same.

Speaker B: Whoop.

Speaker A: Oh, wait, so it's. This one. Okay. Hopefully now it'll. Okay, so my goodness. Okay, let's go to Where's Insight? Let's do a little chart in here. Let's capture it in here. So if you're a smaller brand, So you're going to go to Fiber, Right. What's the other one again? It's Upwork, Fiber and Upworks. So if you're a smaller brand, you're going to go there, right. And you're going to try to hire. Hire for listings influencers. The decision drivers are going to be your ratings and your reviews and your price. Right.

Speaker B: Price and also offer. Actually, you know, the reason it has worked out so well is because not just Amazon services is it's for supplements and food brands. So cpg, that's why people come to me. That's the main reason they would approach me.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Okay. So we, that's really important then we need to beef that up a little bit so that like. Yeah, we haven't talked about that a lot. That's really key because our. Your niche. Okay, so let's do that. Let's do that. Actually. That's really good. Okay. You see how it's coming together. I think we just figured out your niche. Okay. So there's. And just for fun we're gonna put the very large brands. But we know that that's like, it's just as a point of comparison. Right. So it just kind of allows us to push the thinking a little bit.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: So it's always good to do that.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's a different beast altogether.

Speaker A: Yeah. So. Yeah.

Speaker B: Do you know the. Have you heard about Protein Candy?

Speaker A: The brand? Which one? Yeah, Protein Candy. Do you want an introduction to them?

Speaker B: I did a cold outreach to Devin and he just said they have an agency.

Speaker A: So.

Speaker B: Yeah, I guess bigger companies would always say things like that.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So what happens with those brands, right, Is like the brand, what happens as soon as you get big on LinkedIn. And I saw it with love. Good Fats like everyone's bombarding you to offer services, right? So it. I think their founder owns a digital agency. So the investor founder is the guy. The same guy from. The same guy from Pulp and Press, I think. So who owns. The guy who owns Pulp and Press? So who the guy who owns Pulp and Press has here? Them and John Parlo. Oh, I think I had a call with John Parlo.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. So those guys have this agency, Northern, Northern Commerce. And I had a call with John, I think from Northern Commerce. They're making whatever 10 million a year. And they took that money to start the candy company. But again, you know, lovegood Fast had Matt at whatever that agency was called. And then after three years, like, even though they were supposed to be the best agency, it wasn't working. So, you know, the, the new director of Ecom found a new Amazon partner. Right. So even larger CPG brands, they're still going to kind of look to find partners, but usually it's all word of mouth. Cmo, you know, cm, CMO referrals. And they'll go to larger agencies. Right. They won't go to upworks. What they do is they'll usually always do an RFP and the decision and the drivers will be kind of the CMO to lead, usually. And it's going to be a combination of, you know, the fact the variables are going to be like everything from, you know, the results and the referrals. So let me just show. I just, I have to go after this, but I want to show you this. Okay. Just so you kind of see how three fire. Because even though they're a smaller brand, they're operating like a bigger brand. Like they, like they have the discipline of a bigger brand. So I'm just going to show you this. Oh, actually I'm going to copy the files over. Okay. I'm going to copy the files over because you signed the NDA, right?

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Just. You don't need to mention that I send them to you.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: But. Okay, so here, let's just do this now. So again, I'll help you kind of.

Speaker B: I'll work on the presentation and send it to you probably then you can guide me through the.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Like, I really want you to do a good job there because there's no use for me to help you find a bunch of clients if you drop the ball like 900% once you have them. So I'm just going to move this over here. Okay. So I'm going to take all these control C and I'm Going to drop them in E. Com files. Okay. So, okay, so you have three farmers. Okay. CPG Edge, the game plan, which is the document we have now, which I'll move over then three farmers within three farmers, you have the E. Com file. Then we'll do another, you know, folder called, you know, proposal.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: And then you probably want one for, like, you know, scorecards. Once you have a scorecard. So under proposal, you'll put their deck, your deck, back and forth, back and forth. I can just show you kind of like here how they did brand positioning. They're rebranding back then, their 2020 rebrand. So this is the agency that they use. And they literally saved. You know, I don't put them in order. They saved every single deck. Right. They presented the first deck and then the second deck and the third deck. So someone like me comes in and I read all these decks in order. It was super easy. Then they did this little student stupid little research. Oh, no, actually, this was a good. They did a consumer research. The methodology was not bad, but their positioning was bad. So then they saved all the files there. Right. So they're. They're very. The two sisters are super organized. Let me just show you. I'm doing a business review now. Let me just show you. These are their ads, and they're creative. So I'll show you. I mean, you can just go on Amazon, but they're their ads, and creative is really bad. That their creative brief? Yeah. There's nothing else in here. But let me move to. So let me save this document. Save close. This is an old one. So let me move this document. Here. So this is our, like, our master plan. So actually, let's rename it. Let's rename it to rename. So CPG Edge Master Plan and Positioning. Okay. So that's the new name, Your PowerPoint deck. That'll go in here. So let me just move. You have the PowerPoint deck, but I'll just do it right away because it'll take me two minutes because I'm in the file already. Actually, we'll. I'll put these four files in here. Okay, so now our Dropbox has. Our Dropbox has pretty much all of our important files. And, you know, that's why I was saying, like, there's no kind of secret magic. Like, it's just you get a plan, you work the plan. It's like building a house or anything, right? Like, you. You get a plan, and you work a plan with a brand. It's a business review that leads to A marketing plan. You execute the marketing plan, you learn repeat, repeat, repeat. Like there's then all of these different tools we're looking at. They're all the same. What are we called? It's called so CPG Edge.

Speaker B: Cpg, right.

Speaker A: What's your email again?

Speaker B: It's Marketer Do Sohamroy. My full name. S. O H A m.

Speaker A: Okay. I don't know why it does this. So then the other thing. Okay, so we'll keep working this, but you kind of get the plan. We're just gonna fill in all the blanks. Wait, there's something else I wanted to do.

Speaker B: Do.

Speaker A: Oh yeah. So show me. So you should have access now. Show me this thing here. Yeah, we have new ideas. Instead of the hot chocolate, we're going to also offer for a cacao, hot and cold cacao mix.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. So show me the school thing here. So what do I do with the school thing?

Speaker B: Oh, login first. Do you have the. I gave you the id. Yeah, login first and then I'll probably show you the module that you need to take a look at. Yeah, there the email. Copy the email and the password. And we have two groups here, two communities. So on top, you see, this is the modern agency sales. This is the Team Kins program. If you want to access what he has to offer, you have to go to classroom. If you want to check it out, up to you. And this is where you get to see what he offers for free. It's the second and the third module that are useful.

Speaker A: Yeah, this. Have you looked at this one? First client in 14 days.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: Is it good?

Speaker B: This is more about the outreach. So the one that I said.

Speaker A: Okay, so what is this school thing? What is that like? It's an app that does what? What does school do?

Speaker B: School. You send me a screenshot of Alex or Mosey. But yeah. So school is basically a community builder. It's a platform where you can build community course and also a community at the same time.

Speaker A: Community builder?

Speaker B: Yeah, it's a community.

Speaker A: What is it? What is it for?

Speaker B: It's like let's say for any information product. So any kind of course. As a coach, let's say you want to teach something and you will have a course. You have a course to offer. You can offer that in the classroom section. Right. You can upload all of those content.

Speaker A: So it's like a school.

Speaker B: Exactly. It's cool. At the same time people can also communicate. So it's a community.

Speaker A: Okay, so where if I go to the home where's the homepage.

Speaker B: This is the homepage, basically, if you

Speaker A: want to see this one here.

Speaker B: Yeah. This is the homepage for the Modern Agency Sales. If you want to switch the community to no Code architect, go back.

Speaker A: Oh, yeah.

Speaker B: Click there. And then you will also see no code architects. Click there. See, you're switching the community. Now it's a different community.

Speaker A: So you have two schools, right?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay. And what if I want to discover communities?

Speaker B: You could do that.

Speaker A: That's here, right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So is there a community? You know how to build your community on LinkedIn? Like, is there something like that?

Speaker B: Well, Tim Kings, is actually that the one that I have, Modern Agency sales. That's on LinkedIn. Yeah, this is on LinkedIn.

Speaker A: So where do I go to find good stuff here?

Speaker B: Classroom. Scroll up and then classroom. Yes, here. If you go to the second and the third one, first two are useless.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Did you follow this bootcamp?

Speaker B: Yes. I mean, not the bootcamp, but I followed the free course that he offers.

Speaker A: So who posted this? Let's just back up. Like, why is this guy. Why is there only one thing on Classroom Community? Like, why is there only one thing?

Speaker B: There are more if you go back. It's just that you entered one section, one module, Right? So there are these five modules there.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, but that's still five. That's miniature, right?

Speaker B: Like, yes, it's a free version. It's not a paid course. That's why it's so, like, it's a miniature version. It's a lead magnet for him. The school community is a lead magnet for him. The way he is using it. He provides services.

Speaker A: Yeah. Who says? Who's he? Who are we talking about?

Speaker B: Team Kin. Go to Community. I'll show you the person.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Is this his software? Tim?

Speaker B: Yes, Tim.

Speaker A: So he owns school?

Speaker B: No, no, no. It's just he owns this community called Modern Agency Sales. So he has created this community on school.

Speaker A: Okay, okay, got it. Understand. So there's more than his.

Speaker B: Yes, you can also create your own.

Speaker A: Like Steve. There's like Steve Gordon. Have a community here?

Speaker B: Not sure.

Speaker A: Like, okay, may have it.

Speaker B: But you can. The community name may be different. So you have to first look into Seth Gowden's website. Maybe he has a community. Who knows? If you know the name, you can join it.

Speaker A: Very interesting.

Speaker B: Yes. And the ad that you showed me, I don't know. Are you ever about Alex Sarmozi's work or is that just something that popped up on your feed?

Speaker A: Which one?

Speaker B: Son Alex Harmosi's screenshot You sent me a screenshot of Alexa Mozi.

Speaker A: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I think it's a TikTok. Let me check. I think I just.

Speaker B: No, it's not a TikTok screenshot.

Speaker A: Like, it's LinkedIn.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. So he invested in school very recently. Alex Amozy is very popular these days. Right. And he invested in school.com, so he's promoting it. So he has a free challenge. I mean, a competition, basically. Yeah.

Speaker A: Oh, Alex. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's a big name on LinkedIn. Okay. So he. Oh, okay. Okay. So. Oh, I sent you this. Yeah, Okay. I don't even know why I sent you this, probably.

Speaker B: Okay, well, now let me show you something about the AI course. Let's go to that, this, that community so that you can also, you know, the AI course, go back to school. Yeah, yeah. No code architects. Click there again. And no code architects. And go to classroom. Classroom on top. Yeah, there.

Speaker A: Here.

Speaker B: Go to the second module, which is make an airtable course. This is where you need to get started. This is what you need to see. Maybe finish watching the level one. Just that. Start there, watch all the videos as soon as. As quickly as you can and then start building and learn whatever you need to learn. As you need. Don't keep on watching.

Speaker A: What is this for again?

Speaker B: It's for AI automation. The videos that you keep sending.

Speaker A: Ah, okay. Yeah, make. Okay. Awesome. Okay. You rock. Okay, we're on the same page, so we're going to learn this together. It's going to be a lot of fun. I'm having fun.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay, so you have homework to do, right?

Speaker B: So I have a lot of homework.

Speaker A: Do your homework. Go start filling out the content. And you need to use AI for the, for that content, right? Like, do you have your own voice and stuff for in AI?

Speaker B: No, I don't have like any of the stuff.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you haven't trained a chat GPT for AI?

Speaker B: I have built a, the. A custom GPT to write content in my own way.

Speaker A: You have?

Speaker B: Yeah, I do.

Speaker A: Okay, so use that and then let's meet tomorrow for half an hour. Show me what you've done.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Because we can start dropping content. Like you have your PowerPoint deck, which we can get a short version. We need to refine you. You need to write the 14 articles and we need to refine your lead. My lead magnet. And then you can start dropping copy.

Speaker B: Yes, yes.

Speaker A: All right, so we can just start, right? Like it doesn't need to be perfect. Like we're one half hour meeting away from just starting to post stuff and then learn. And do you have a Tick Tock account?

Speaker B: I will open one.

Speaker A: You should post it on Tick Tock too. Yeah, you have. You don't have Tick Tock?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: Oh, you have to open up Tick Tock right away. How do you see the Tick Tocks when I send them to you?

Speaker B: I just open on desktop.

Speaker A: Oh, no, it takes 10 seconds. Open up the TikTok right away.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. All right. Thank you so much. Yeah, bye.

