Transcript for: Recording__12 (2).mp4
Title: Recording #122
============================================================

Yeah, so first thing that we. I'm sharing my screen. Could you confirm if you're able to see? Yeah, I can see it. Okay, cool. Yeah. So the first thing that we help you do, Soham, once you connect your account to the platform is we help you add. If you have an existing instance, you can add that or you can request for a new instance. We'll work with the Amazon team to help you get that instance set up. You can see all your instances in a single place. We've also noticed, say if you have 10, 15 instances, you'd have to log into different places and manage them separately. This can become one dashboard for you to manage all your instances. We have options to dig through each one of them and look at it, say your instances set up. The second thing that we help you do is use existing queries. Our query library is growing. Some of these are what you find on the Amazon console, the instructional queries. Some we have built from scratch, some we have taken from instructional queries and we've built on top of it. So you'll find all of them. One of the ways you've gone through the list and you say, hey, I want to look at this part to conversion. I want to understand all the paths somebody has taken before they are converted. The process of adding this query is very simple. You simply select on, add to my query and you update the query. Or you give this a name. You select the frequency with which you want to run this query. So it could be monthly, weekly or quarterly. Then you select the date range and if you want to exclude certain days. And this is where you select one or multiple instances that you would want this query to run on. So you could schedule hundreds of queries across multiple instances. You can also give it a name like a tag or a label. So once you save it, once you save this, it gets saved into my queries and this is where you find the query name with all the metadata around the date range, frequency, all of that stuff. And it also has status column. So we are able to tell you if the query has success, fail, failed, or whatever is the case. If you're not able to find a query that you know out of, out of the query library. You could also request for a custom query. So all your custom handling or custom business use cases could be handled with this. So you simply click on this, fill out the form, somebody from our team will review it and I think we'll also schedule a call with you to further understand if there are any questions and will write that query and you'll be able to find that under my queries. Mohammed will explain what's the cost for a custom query, but you can use existing query or you could request for a query. The other advantage off late with Amazon Marketing Cloud is not just writing queries to understand or get insights from. How could you take that data, understand insights and act on them? Right, that's, that's the important piece. So we help you create audiences, right? The process of creating audience is very similar to the way you write a query. You choose an existing audience or you can request for a new audience and this gets added to my audiences. And with all the data here, we are also able to tell you if the query success failed. Mostly it's because of the minimum thresholds of 2000 it may get failed. You can work with our team on looking at how could we work around to ensure the query gets run. This can become very interesting. Take this audience and activate in a DSP instance. Okay. And run this instance in that. So once you activate this in the DSP instance, then you would start targeting those audience with your DSP orders. So one is to look at insights. Second is real time actions with audience and then working with them so you can understand that. So this is how again create audiences at bulk. Create queries at bulk across multiple instances, activating them in your DSP instance. These are some unique ways. You may be wondering that, hey, I got this query, right? You've ran this query. I have this data now. So one way what you're doing today, you could simply view this and download this as an Excel and from there you could view it. Second way we help you do is either for internal consumption or if you want to share it with your client. We have built the Insights tab. This is where we are taking that data and giving a nice visual so it makes more sense, the data makes more sense for you or your client. What reports do we have available here? Yeah, so I think we don't have a template for every query that we are running, but we have like less than 10 templates that you could start working with. I think part two conversion. Let's look at this. Then. This is an embedded dashboard right within the tool, so you can share it or you can export this as a PDF externally and share it. And what we also do from a company point of view, do you have multiple brands within an account? There are, but then I would say only one is the primary one, so we can ignore the others at this point. Okay, yeah, yeah, but I understand what you're going to Propose. All right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Great. Yeah. So you could, you know, define sub brands within our tool and define the relationship between how that sub brand is related to either a sponsor ads campaign or a DSP order. We will pull that data and you're able to go to that sub brand level and understand the data. Then we also enrich the data by ways of giving you the ability to do custom product attribution. So you take all your products and say, hey, I have this hundred products but I want to look at, say you are into clothing business. I'm not sure what your client will look like, but say one of them is into clothing. You want to look at all products in large black size. You can create that attribute setting all products in large and all product with some specific color, say black, white. Then you could go ahead, slice the data just to look at that segment of products and look at their performance and the revenue and all the other factors that they're driving. Right, okay. So yeah, those are certain things that we're kind of helping you slice and dice data or organize more to say data. So we were at Insights tab. Sorry, let me go back. Can I ask you one more question? I saw one option say that says product cost. So what is the purpose of that? Correct. Yeah. So you want to understand the profitability. Right. So you could define product cogs within the platform and within our Intent Wise Analytics Cloud solution, you're able to kind of get that data and build your profitability. So will that also consider other expenses apart from cogs, for example, shipping and handling. Let's say we're doing some kind of promotion. Inventory, storage. Yeah. So what you could do is Cox will come from here. You can have an external sheet. For example, you're using Looker Studio as a visualization tool. You can have one sheet that says, hey, for this product I have handling X and I have promotions Y. And you can refer to that table. So it also takes those costs into consideration while building your profitability. So yeah, 83 is possible. Right, okay. Yeah, so yeah, but again that's a separate solution that's called Intent Wise Analytics Cloud. Just want to make clear. Yeah, yeah, so we're looking at, sorry, any report. Right. For example, you know, part two, conversion. This clearly shows the different paths a user has taken before they converted and what's the revenue and spend by each path or combination of cohort paths and all of that data. This kind of helps you understand how your upper level funnel strategies are helping you drive revenue. All of that things which were not possible earlier, right here, what I see is it's only mentioning the ad type. So do you have anything that is more granular in terms of, okay, this campaign and then this campaign, campaign. This is the, like, you know, a little bit more granular analysis. Do you also provide that? Absolutely. Right. It's possible with a custom query. I don't have a visual or a template to show, but yeah, you could go ahead, go to that granularity as well. Okay. Yeah. Because I think right now the way they're considered is they're considered based on impression, but you want to change that to click and look at. So, yeah, it is possible to look at by the campaign type as well. Yeah. And the other question that you had. So again, we have all the templates that either you can use our embedded tool here to view them, or if you want to use any external visualization tool like Looker, Power BI or Tableau, we have built some templates. So you could go ahead, get that head start and start cloning this. And instead of the demo data, your actual data would start flowing in from there. You could go ahead, manipulate them the way you would want. Okay. Does that make sense? Definitely. Cool. I think the other question, right, hey, I have, I want to know we're getting the data right? What tables are there within each report? So we've also kind of took that, took care of that. And we have a data dictionary that clearly tells you, right. Within Amazon Marketing Cloud, we have each in a query, what data is there within each of these queries? This is definitely helpful. And this is more in depth than what we have on the console. AMC console, is it? Yeah. Okay, so I'm not 100% sure on what is available on the console, but. Yeah, but this is granular in terms of every field or every attribute and the respective value that you would get out of each, like clicks, impressions, unique reach, all of that for each of the query. So I think this should be able, to a great extent, help you and your team understand within each query, what data are we able to get and how can we manipulate that? Or to what business case can we use this query or combination of queries to arrive at the business case that you would want that you're looking at. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I think from, from a broader, you know, point of view for an agency, right, helping you manage all your instances or create requests for new instances, that's one ability to manage your instances in a single place. That's the second ability to create queries in bulk across instances. That's A thing you can request for custom queries. Somebody from our team can write those custom queries for you. Then the important thing is step ahead. You create audiences and you activate them in your DSP instance. So you go target that specific cohort that you've created. Then if you have a data warehouse, great, we can pipe all this data into the data warehouse. Or if you're using a visualization tool, you can quickly write, you can accelerate the process of building reports and visualization with the preexisting templates. But if you have your own methodology in how you would want to work, visualize, we also can send this data or funnel this data into your own data warehouse. So you can do that. So these are like some things that we are helping our users today. Happy to kind of pause take any questions if you have on what we have covered so far. No, this is all interesting. I mean this is very interesting, especially where I see the value is you are able to create those audiences and then push them to dsp. That is very interesting. But then also I'll be very honest here and then say that some of the queries that are already built may not be, may not give you any insight that you can implement. You know, that's why what I feel for us to create some, some insights that we can actually. Actionable insights, we may need to request custom queries. That's what I felt. Absolutely right. Because see, in a standard query or in a standard audience, you may not get exactly what you're looking at. It may suit most cases, but not everyone. I hope you get what I'm saying. Again, these audiences have created a few, but we'll be happy to work with you, ensure we fully understand and create those audiences for you. Those services are there to support you even if you have a thin internal team or no internal team at all. Got it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I'll stop my screen share and I think Mohammed would walk you through the pricing, you know, part of it. So you can take a holistic picture Mohammed all over to you. Okay, perfect. Just one second. For pricing. Thanks for that walkthrough, Shiva. All right, so for the pricing, share screen. Oh wait, Shiva, I think you're host. Can you enable screen share? Yeah, or. Perfect. So essentially our pricing is just. It's going to be run more so. So there's the one recurring 500amonth fee. That's for your total org. So it doesn't matter about how many clients you have, how many instances you have set up, etc. That 500 is just a one time charge fee per month. And then the recurring is going to be the $25 per query execution per instance. So however many times you run a query and you execute it on an instance, essentially it's going to be $25. So as an example, if you run five, five a month, essentially it's going to be five times that 25, it's going to be an extra 125 bucks in some cases on average. Majority of people, especially agencies have been doing it monthly. Weekly is just, it's still too early to get data on a weekly or recurring basis. But yeah, majority of the time it's been a monthly occurrence. And then it just depends on how often you would like to see these templates, etc. It just goes from there. But yeah, that's essentially our pricing regarding our standard and custom skill queries that we can utilize for you. It's essentially $150 an hour on average. We say Shiva, it's about like 10 hours to build out. You would say five to 10 hours. Yeah, so it's about like 600 to 750 to 1000 bucks. $1,500 for custom SQL query to get build out for different use cases that you specifically want. But we have all the pre built ones already. So all you have to do is just execute it directly in our platform for the standard pricing. Got it? Okay, sounds good. Is there something else that we should be covering in this meeting for amc? I mean that's pretty much everything to be transparent with. The only thing you know, we do, we can do for you if it makes sense, is we can essentially, if you would like to move forward potentially, we would draft up the contract, do the proof of concept for you and then essentially you'd get a proof of concept first for like about a week and then move forward with the contract. And it's typically monthly. It's not like an annual contract, it's month to month. Okay. Yeah, like I said, majority of agencies is trying to figure out how many times they execute queries, how many times they execute instances, like what reports are most useful, especially with their clients. I have some agencies that are focusing on like food and beverage and they're trying to figure out, all right, which ones are more important. Obviously probably lifetime value is more important than that field. Whereas households, there's different, you know, different data that's more, more more relevant to that industry. So I think there's different ways you can do this. So. Got it. Okay, makes sense. Well, you know what, I will give you my honest feedback too. At this point, what I think is our agency is quite small, very small actually. Just getting started and AMC is something that we are, we know that it's important, we are thinking about it. In the long term it will be very, very valuable. But at this point, given the clients that we have, it won't be very valuable for them. So we do want to learn more about amc, we do want to develop things on AMC so that probably eventually we can attract clients who need those kind of services. At this point we don't have that. So I will probably not move forward with this. But then I am also interested in learning about your ad management tool. And if you can give me quick idea about the fees and how it works, that would be good. Because you know, I think that's the best place and the easiest place to get started because I can then know, okay, can I even think about this right now or should I not, Should I not bother? Yeah, makes sense. I think with our ad management tool, I mean, let me just kind of walk you down our three biggest differences. First, so I don't know if you've used AI or automated rules driven software in the past. No, we give you flexibility of both. So essentially you can have AI driven campaigns as well as automated rules where you're essentially setting it up. So there's different ways agencies creatively use this as they scale. There are some clients they want to utilize more AI driven campaigns and then other ones they'll do automated rules. But it gives you the flexibility of both where you're not structured into just one or the other. And then we also have a super in depth recommendation engine. Think of this as another analyst that constantly surfaces missed opportunities for you. So it's a recommendation engine. Both stuff like brand versus non brand campaigns share a voice data, except there's a lot. And then you can ultimately go into this tab and just edit campaigns and everything else based off that and then also support. So half of our team is in India, half of our team is in the US so we have a very strong support team. 5 minute response time within the platform on their chat function as well as you get a CS person. So those are three high level. And then in terms of pricing, we do do a percentage of spend. So you're. You said you're about 120k in ad spend? That's right, yeah. So at 120k you'd fall into 2.25% of spend which will essentially bring you to it's 20, 20, 300amonth. I'm not mistaken. Okay, so that will be higher of. So in that case, it'll be 2500. Yeah, yeah. Or 2.25, whichever one's higher. Actually, it'll be 2700. Oh, okay. 2700amonth. Yeah. For at 120k of spent. Got it. Understood. We have some agencies that, you know, do their bigger clients and then the smaller clients, they don't put on the platform, whatever is like more. More relevant for you. But does that make sense in terms of pricing? Yeah. Okay. And then we do do a 10% discount for annual contract. So again, if that's something that. Within the budget for you guys, let us know in the near future and we could definitely do a demo and have you do a free trial. Sure. Mohammed, it's very nice of you to tell me about all these things. I will be very honest. I don't think I'm going to move forward with any of these offerings right now. But it's great to know about what you offer and we may consider this. Appreciate the transparency, to be honest. I think that works better than us wasting each other's times. Yeah. Yeah. So feel free to let us know in the near future if, you know, you get to the point where you need to add on any other tools. We're here, obviously, reach out to us. And in the meantime, I'll send you over the recording of the amc just so you can get more insights in that. Sure. Screenlits is gonna have a lot more AMC webinars, so feel free to join them. You can sign up for all of them, I think. Different times. And there's other webinars as well, like that's focused on ads driven webinars and analytics. So yeah, they're definitely very valuable. I do want to watch some of those. If you can send me the recording of the last webinar, that would be helpful. Yes. Yeah, that works. Perfect. Awesome. All right, perfect. Well, thanks so much for your time, Soham. And you know, obviously have a great weekend and, you know, let us know if we can be of any help in the future. All right. Definitely. Yeah. You two have a great weekend. Bye now. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Yeah, so first thing that we. I'm sharing my screen. Could you confirm if you're able to see?

Speaker B: Yeah, I can see it.

Speaker A: Okay, cool. Yeah. So the first thing that we help you do, Soham, once you connect your account to the platform is we help you add. If you have an existing instance, you can add that or you can request for a new instance. We'll work with the Amazon team to help you get that instance set up. You can see all your instances in a single place. We've also noticed, say if you have 10, 15 instances, you'd have to log into different places and manage them separately. This can become one dashboard for you to manage all your instances. We have options to dig through each one of them and look at it, say your instances set up. The second thing that we help you do is use existing queries. Our query library is growing. Some of these are what you find on the Amazon console, the instructional queries. Some we have built from scratch, some we have taken from instructional queries and we've built on top of it. So you'll find all of them. One of the ways you've gone through the list and you say, hey, I want to look at this part to conversion. I want to understand all the paths somebody has taken before they are converted. The process of adding this query is very simple. You simply select on, add to my query and you update the query. Or you give this a name. You select the frequency with which you want to run this query. So it could be monthly, weekly or quarterly. Then you select the date range and if you want to exclude certain days. And this is where you select one or multiple instances that you would want this query to run on. So you could schedule hundreds of queries across multiple instances. You can also give it a name like a tag or a label. So once you save it, once you save this, it gets saved into my queries and this is where you find the query name with all the metadata around the date range, frequency, all of that stuff. And it also has status column. So we are able to tell you if the query has success, fail, failed, or whatever is the case. If you're not able to find a query that you know out of, out of the query library. You could also request for a custom query. So all your custom handling or custom business use cases could be handled with this. So you simply click on this, fill out the form, somebody from our team will review it and I think we'll also schedule a call with you to further understand if there are any questions and will write that query and you'll be able to find that under my queries. Mohammed will explain what's the cost for a custom query, but you can use existing query or you could request for a query. The other advantage off late with Amazon Marketing Cloud is not just writing queries to understand or get insights from. How could you take that data, understand insights and act on them? Right, that's, that's the important piece. So we help you create audiences, right? The process of creating audience is very similar to the way you write a query. You choose an existing audience or you can request for a new audience and this gets added to my audiences. And with all the data here, we are also able to tell you if the query success failed. Mostly it's because of the minimum thresholds of 2000 it may get failed. You can work with our team on looking at how could we work around to ensure the query gets run. This can become very interesting. Take this audience and activate in a DSP instance.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And run this instance in that. So once you activate this in the DSP instance, then you would start targeting those audience with your DSP orders. So one is to look at insights. Second is real time actions with audience and then working with them so you can understand that. So this is how again create audiences at bulk. Create queries at bulk across multiple instances, activating them in your DSP instance. These are some unique ways. You may be wondering that, hey, I got this query, right? You've ran this query. I have this data now. So one way what you're doing today, you could simply view this and download this as an Excel and from there you could view it. Second way we help you do is either for internal consumption or if you want to share it with your client. We have built the Insights tab. This is where we are taking that data and giving a nice visual so it makes more sense, the data makes more sense for you or your client. What reports do we have available here? Yeah, so I think we don't have a template for every query that we are running, but we have like less than 10 templates that you could start working with. I think part two conversion. Let's look at this. Then. This is an embedded dashboard right within the tool, so you can share it or you can export this as a PDF externally and share it. And what we also do from a company point of view, do you have multiple brands within an account?

Speaker B: There are, but then I would say only one is the primary one, so we can ignore the others at this point.

Speaker A: Okay, yeah, yeah, but I understand what

Speaker B: you're going to Propose.

Speaker C: All right.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Great. Yeah. So you could, you know, define sub brands within our tool and define the relationship between how that sub brand is related to either a sponsor ads campaign or a DSP order. We will pull that data and you're able to go to that sub brand level and understand the data. Then we also enrich the data by ways of giving you the ability to do custom product attribution. So you take all your products and say, hey, I have this hundred products but I want to look at, say you are into clothing business. I'm not sure what your client will look like, but say one of them is into clothing. You want to look at all products in large black size. You can create that attribute setting all products in large and all product with some specific color, say black, white. Then you could go ahead, slice the data just to look at that segment of products and look at their performance and the revenue and all the other factors that they're driving. Right, okay. So yeah, those are certain things that we're kind of helping you slice and dice data or organize more to say data. So we were at Insights tab. Sorry, let me go back.

Speaker B: Can I ask you one more question? I saw one option say that says product cost. So what is the purpose of that?

Speaker C: Correct.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you want to understand the profitability. Right. So you could define product cogs within the platform and within our Intent Wise Analytics Cloud solution, you're able to kind of get that data and build your profitability.

Speaker B: So will that also consider other expenses apart from cogs, for example, shipping and handling. Let's say we're doing some kind of promotion. Inventory, storage.

Speaker A: Yeah. So what you could do is Cox will come from here. You can have an external sheet. For example, you're using Looker Studio as a visualization tool. You can have one sheet that says, hey, for this product I have handling X and I have promotions Y. And you can refer to that table. So it also takes those costs into consideration while building your profitability. So yeah, 83 is possible.

Speaker C: Right, okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, so yeah, but again that's a separate solution that's called Intent Wise Analytics Cloud. Just want to make clear. Yeah, yeah, so we're looking at, sorry, any report. Right. For example, you know, part two, conversion. This clearly shows the different paths a user has taken before they converted and what's the revenue and spend by each path or combination of cohort paths and all of that data. This kind of helps you understand how your upper level funnel strategies are helping you drive revenue. All of that things which were not

Speaker B: possible earlier, right here, what I see is it's only mentioning the ad type. So do you have anything that is more granular in terms of, okay, this campaign and then this campaign, campaign. This is the, like, you know, a little bit more granular analysis. Do you also provide that?

Speaker A: Absolutely. Right. It's possible with a custom query. I don't have a visual or a template to show, but yeah, you could go ahead, go to that granularity as well.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Because I think right now the way they're considered is they're considered based on impression, but you want to change that to click and look at. So, yeah, it is possible to look at by the campaign type as well. Yeah. And the other question that you had. So again, we have all the templates that either you can use our embedded tool here to view them, or if you want to use any external visualization tool like Looker, Power BI or Tableau, we have built some templates. So you could go ahead, get that head start and start cloning this. And instead of the demo data, your actual data would start flowing in from there. You could go ahead, manipulate them the way you would want. Okay. Does that make sense?

Speaker B: Definitely.

Speaker A: Cool. I think the other question, right, hey, I have, I want to know we're getting the data right? What tables are there within each report? So we've also kind of took that, took care of that. And we have a data dictionary that clearly tells you, right. Within Amazon Marketing Cloud, we have each in a query, what data is there within each of these queries?

Speaker B: This is definitely helpful. And this is more in depth than what we have on the console. AMC console, is it?

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, so I'm not 100% sure on what is available on the console, but. Yeah, but this is granular in terms of every field or every attribute and the respective value that you would get out of each, like clicks, impressions, unique reach, all of that for each of the query. So I think this should be able, to a great extent, help you and your team understand within each query, what data are we able to get and how can we manipulate that? Or to what business case can we use this query or combination of queries to arrive at the business case that you would want that you're looking at. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I think from, from a broader, you know, point of view for an agency, right, helping you manage all your instances or create requests for new instances, that's one ability to manage your instances in a single place. That's the second ability to create queries in bulk across instances. That's A thing you can request for custom queries. Somebody from our team can write those custom queries for you. Then the important thing is step ahead. You create audiences and you activate them in your DSP instance. So you go target that specific cohort that you've created. Then if you have a data warehouse, great, we can pipe all this data into the data warehouse. Or if you're using a visualization tool, you can quickly write, you can accelerate the process of building reports and visualization with the preexisting templates. But if you have your own methodology in how you would want to work, visualize, we also can send this data or funnel this data into your own data warehouse. So you can do that. So these are like some things that we are helping our users today. Happy to kind of pause take any questions if you have on what we have covered so far.

Speaker B: No, this is all interesting. I mean this is very interesting, especially where I see the value is you are able to create those audiences and then push them to dsp. That is very interesting. But then also I'll be very honest here and then say that some of the queries that are already built may not be, may not give you any insight that you can implement. You know, that's why what I feel for us to create some, some insights that we can actually. Actionable insights, we may need to request custom queries. That's what I felt.

Speaker A: Absolutely right. Because see, in a standard query or in a standard audience, you may not get exactly what you're looking at. It may suit most cases, but not everyone. I hope you get what I'm saying. Again, these audiences have created a few, but we'll be happy to work with you, ensure we fully understand and create those audiences for you. Those services are there to support you even if you have a thin internal team or no internal team at all. Got it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I'll stop my screen share and I think Mohammed would walk you through the pricing, you know, part of it. So you can take a holistic picture Mohammed all over to you.

Speaker C: Okay, perfect. Just one second. For pricing. Thanks for that walkthrough, Shiva. All right, so for the pricing, share screen. Oh wait, Shiva, I think you're host. Can you enable screen share?

Speaker A: Yeah, or. Perfect.

Speaker C: So essentially our pricing is just. It's going to be run more so. So there's the one recurring 500amonth fee. That's for your total org. So it doesn't matter about how many clients you have, how many instances you have set up, etc. That 500 is just a one time charge fee per month. And then the recurring is going to be the $25 per query execution per instance. So however many times you run a query and you execute it on an instance, essentially it's going to be $25. So as an example, if you run five, five a month, essentially it's going to be five times that 25, it's going to be an extra 125 bucks in some cases on average. Majority of people, especially agencies have been doing it monthly. Weekly is just, it's still too early to get data on a weekly or recurring basis. But yeah, majority of the time it's been a monthly occurrence. And then it just depends on how often you would like to see these templates, etc. It just goes from there. But yeah, that's essentially our pricing regarding our standard and custom skill queries that we can utilize for you. It's essentially $150 an hour on average. We say Shiva, it's about like 10 hours to build out. You would say

Speaker A: five to 10 hours.

Speaker C: Yeah, so it's about like 600 to 750 to 1000 bucks. $1,500 for custom SQL query to get build out for different use cases that you specifically want. But we have all the pre built ones already. So all you have to do is just execute it directly in our platform for the standard pricing.

Speaker A: Got it?

Speaker C: Okay,

Speaker B: sounds good. Is there something else that we should be covering in this meeting for amc?

Speaker C: I mean that's pretty much everything to be transparent with. The only thing you know, we do, we can do for you if it makes sense, is we can essentially, if you would like to move forward potentially, we would draft up the contract, do the proof of concept for you and then essentially you'd get a proof of concept first for like about a week and then move forward with the contract. And it's typically monthly. It's not like an annual contract, it's month to month.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah, like I said, majority of agencies is trying to figure out how many times they execute queries, how many times they execute instances, like what reports are most useful, especially with their clients. I have some agencies that are focusing on like food and beverage and they're trying to figure out, all right, which ones are more important. Obviously probably lifetime value is more important than that field. Whereas households, there's different, you know, different data that's more, more more relevant to that industry. So I think there's different ways you can do this. So. Got it.

Speaker B: Okay, makes sense. Well, you know what, I will give you my honest feedback too. At this point, what I think is our agency is quite small, very small actually. Just getting started and AMC is something that we are, we know that it's important, we are thinking about it. In the long term it will be very, very valuable. But at this point, given the clients that we have, it won't be very valuable for them. So we do want to learn more about amc, we do want to develop things on AMC so that probably eventually we can attract clients who need those kind of services. At this point we don't have that. So I will probably not move forward with this. But then I am also interested in learning about your ad management tool. And if you can give me quick idea about the fees and how it works, that would be good. Because you know, I think that's the best place and the easiest place to get started because I can then know, okay, can I even think about this right now or should I not, Should I not bother?

Speaker C: Yeah, makes sense. I think with our ad management tool, I mean, let me just kind of walk you down our three biggest differences. First, so I don't know if you've used AI or automated rules driven software in the past. No, we give you flexibility of both. So essentially you can have AI driven campaigns as well as automated rules where you're essentially setting it up. So there's different ways agencies creatively use this as they scale. There are some clients they want to utilize more AI driven campaigns and then other ones they'll do automated rules. But it gives you the flexibility of both where you're not structured into just one or the other. And then we also have a super in depth recommendation engine. Think of this as another analyst that constantly surfaces missed opportunities for you. So it's a recommendation engine. Both stuff like brand versus non brand campaigns share a voice data, except there's a lot. And then you can ultimately go into this tab and just edit campaigns and everything else based off that and then also support. So half of our team is in India, half of our team is in the US so we have a very strong support team. 5 minute response time within the platform on their chat function as well as you get a CS person. So those are three high level. And then in terms of pricing, we do do a percentage of spend. So you're. You said you're about 120k in ad spend?

Speaker B: That's right, yeah.

Speaker C: So at 120k you'd fall into 2.25% of spend which will essentially bring you

Speaker A: to

Speaker C: it's 20, 20, 300amonth. I'm not mistaken.

Speaker B: Okay, so that will be higher of. So in that case, it'll be 2500.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. Or 2.25, whichever one's higher. Actually, it'll be 2700.

Speaker A: Oh, okay.

Speaker C: 2700amonth.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: For at 120k of spent.

Speaker B: Got it. Understood.

Speaker C: We have some agencies that, you know, do their bigger clients and then the smaller clients, they don't put on the platform, whatever is like more. More relevant for you. But does that make sense in terms of pricing?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. And then we do do a 10% discount for annual contract. So again, if that's something that. Within the budget for you guys, let us know in the near future and we could definitely do a demo and have you do a free trial.

Speaker B: Sure. Mohammed, it's very nice of you to tell me about all these things. I will be very honest. I don't think I'm going to move forward with any of these offerings right now. But it's great to know about what you offer and we may consider this.

Speaker C: Appreciate the transparency, to be honest. I think that works better than us wasting each other's times.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: So feel free to let us know in the near future if, you know, you get to the point where you need to add on any other tools. We're here, obviously, reach out to us. And in the meantime, I'll send you over the recording of the amc just so you can get more insights in that. Sure. Screenlits is gonna have a lot more AMC webinars, so feel free to join them. You can sign up for all of them, I think. Different times. And there's other webinars as well, like that's focused on ads driven webinars and analytics.

Speaker B: So yeah, they're definitely very valuable. I do want to watch some of those. If you can send me the recording of the last webinar, that would be helpful.

Speaker C: Yes. Yeah, that works. Perfect.

Speaker B: Awesome.

Speaker C: All right, perfect. Well, thanks so much for your time, Soham. And you know, obviously have a great weekend and, you know, let us know if we can be of any help in the future. All right.

Speaker B: Definitely. Yeah. You two have a great weekend.

Speaker C: Bye now.

Speaker A: Bye.

