Transcript for: Recording__515.mp4
Title: Recording #515
============================================================

Are you recording? Okay. Awesome. So the practice I recommend for this, if you're having problem with the schwa, R, it's at the beginning of the word, like incorrupt. You're saying corrupt. It's at the very start. Find a word with the same sound pairing that you want. For example, corrupt has that cr. So other words that start with crow, crate, crush. Crow, crate, crush. Slowly break those apart. Curo. Crate crush. Take that. Cr. You have that now cur. Cur. Ker. Take it and plug it into cur. Corrupt. Yeah, I get that. Okay. All right. So that's one way you can break it down. You had another part. Sorry, you had other words on your list. You said you had six or seven. Yeah, it's like murderer. So how about I. I try this first? Murder. So I just have to join this together. I feel that's difficult because there are so many vowels that we are skipping here. Murderer. Yeah. Actually, you're skipping. You're skipping all the vowels that are written there. You're not pronouncing the U. You're not pronouncing either of the E's. Yeah, that's what I'm supposed to do. No. Isn't it? Yeah. Yeah, exactly. You're not supposed. You're not supposed to pronounce any of the sounds. It's like M, R, D, R, R. Yeah. Yeah. People are like, oh, yeah. There's a vowel in every sound, every word in English. There isn't actually a vowel in every word in English. It's just spelled that way. But yes. Mer, M and then R, Mer, der, and then an extra R just for good measure. Murder. There are actually no vowels there. Okay. Yeah. And maybe if you were doing a similar practice to corrupt with that, to get rid of that U at the beginning there. How could you do that with the same practice? So what are some sounds that start with mer other than murderer? I can't remember any that starts with amr. Have you heard of maybe the word murky? Murky. Yeah. So how do you say it? Is it mister? No. Murky. It's not spelled mister, but it's pronounced mister. Murky. Yeah. Yeah. So remember, it doesn't necessarily have to be spelled that way. It doesn't have to be spelled without the vowel as long as it's also pronounced. So, for example, you might say murky with M. R. Fine, you might say murky. But then when it comes to murderer, you might have a hard time taking out that, um, Same practice. I think I'm hearing the U is Fine. In murderer, the issue there is that double R at the end. Murderer. Okay, yeah. So murderer. Murderer. Mer. There are Murderer. So when you break it down, I'm hearing it fine. At the beginning. Mer, Mer. Mer. Mer. And then der. Are. There are. Yes. And we will specifically talk about. That's called a syllable. R. We have a whole sheet on that. So if that's something that starts to come up, don't worry about it because we will definitely break it down. Okay. It's its own problem. Okay. And then the last one is insurance. Insurance. Insurance. Insurance. Is it fine? Insurance? Yes. Can you say it in a sentence? Sure. Say a sentence that maybe has. Has it a few times. Like I went to the insurance building to take out an insurance loan with the insurance agent or something where I get to hear it a couple different. Couple different times. There. I went to an insurance agent. I went to the insurance building to take out an insurance for my car insurance. Yeah. Like I said, I think the word is fine. You're pronouncing it fine. The thing is that you'll be speaking like this. You'll be speaking at a specific pace, your own different pace. And then we come along the word insurance. You'll say, I went to the insurance building to pull out some papers for my insurance paperwork. And then I talked to the. You'll kind of slow it down. And I think that kind of slowing down is kind of tricking your brain into thinking that you're pronouncing it wrong just because you have that kind of hesitation, that kind of overanalyzing. I would say. I would say it's fine there, though, I think. In your recording, did you point out the rest of the words on your list? Like, as you were recording, were you like, okay, these are the ones I want help with. Yes. I pronounce them couple times. And. Yeah, okay, I will go through your recording for the rest of them. I want you to actually look at the rest of them that you have and do this kind of practice on your own. If you have a specific question, maybe you really, really can't think of a word that starts with cr. Like the word corrupt. You're like, oh, I really, really can't break this one down. I can't think of any words that start with that. Then send it to me. But for the most part, I want you to kind of maybe use what we did here and try to figure out the rest. Sure. If you need specific help, I will be more than happy to kind of break those down for you, but try to use These. And then do you have any others? Maybe ones that aren't at the beginning. Maybe more schwa are at the end. Other than that long R on murderer or were you pretty good with those? Yeah, I was good at most of them. I feel. Okay. Yeah. At least I know how to do that. But probably not yet a part of my speech. Yeah, yeah, no problem. Like I said, if that comes up, you know, there's also different ways. And then the other tactic, of course, is breaking down by syllables. So instead of trying to say corrupt altogether, if you say it as a whole word, some people tend to have the O come back. So they might say cur just fine. But then they might go curr and then go straight to. From curr to corrupt. So it might help to do that. Okay, the O is coming back. Cur. Curr. Ker. Curriculum, reconnection. Okay. Okay. So I would say use those different tactics. I will go through listening, see if there's anything I hear where I'm like, oh, no, this one is terrible. You're fired. I will listen to those as well. But other than that, I want you to go ahead and try on your own there. Did you have maybe any other questions? No, no, I was also. Actually, I was just listening to the recording, and that was about the next thing, which was the stress. Yeah, I didn't practice that, but I. I watched your video. Your recording again. Yeah. Okay, so I would like in our last little bit here to go over a little bit more stress. So if you could go and open the stress worksheet. Can you remind me where we left off on this? No, let me open it up first. I think we were. We skip those shen and IC ick. All those stuff. And we are pronouncing the nouns. We're. We're talking about the patterns for nouns and verbs. Yeah, we were talking about those before that, though. We were talking about what stress is. And there's. How many levels of stress. Yeah, three. So one is. One is normal. I'll say that's the normal. And then another one is stressed and another one is relaxed, basically. Sure. In most cases. Yeah. So, yes, we definitely, you know, have those three layers. I would like to go back to the first page where we talk about suffixes. Okay. So let's talk about suffixes since we have a little. Little bin it. Can you read to me what's going on here? The first page. Right. Stress syllables. Well, the second page. Oh, the second page. Yeah. Words with some suffix. Same suffixes. Shan, I don't know how to Pronounce different languages, confusion, Etc, often share similar stress patterns. Second to last syllable. Okay. Second, last, yes. So basically what it's saying, second to last, you can remember that as it's right before the suffix. Yeah, Right. So that's easier to remember. It's moved, you have the suffix and right before it is the stress. So I'm going to read this and you can see those folded parts are where the stress is. And what is stress? What will you be listening for as I read this? Okay. I'll be looking for the stress. I mean, how you pronounce what is stress? So there's the different parts. What is trust? It says on the first page if you need to peek. Well, no, okay, I understand that. So you will be pronouncing that more clearly. It will be louder and higher in tone, longer. So it's very clearly pronounced. Basically, yes. And by clearly pronounced, it just means it's the enunciated version instead of the schwa version. So there's no schwa there. So I want you to listen for stress and then I'm going to read it one more time and I want you to listen for something else. So this time I'm just going to read the first lines on each of these. So I'm not going to read the whole thing, just the first line for each of these suffixes. Oh, hi. So, information, nation. Accommodation, Punctuation. And then moving on. Next syllable now. Mission, Confusion. Lesion. Invasion. Next part. Tragic. Panic. Plastic logic. Could you hear the stress? So, for example, with accommodation. So isn't it acca. Acca station? Yes, it is always that sound. I'm not getting rid of schwa. It's not like schwa is ever in these words, but it will be longer than the other syllables as well. For example, how many syllables are in accommodation? Accommodation. Oh, my Echo 5. Yes. Wow. Okay, so that one will have the primary stress. You get one primary stress award that has the primary stress. It will be the longest and loudest part of the entire word, the the strongest of the five. So if I say accommodation, you might hear that day is a little bit longer than the rest of the word. Right, Accommodation. Yeah, it's very subtle, though. Yeah, it is subtle. It's not like most people are going out here, like accommodation. It's very subtle. Yeah. Day to day, though, it is there and it's important to listen for because it's very subtle. But if you don't have the right stress, people might not even know why you have an accent. But they'll be like it's there. I don't know what you're doing, but I hear something. So one, that kind of pattern we are subconsciously looking for as native speakers. We might not know what's off. We'll know something's off. And two, if you don't have the stress in the right place, it's going to mix where schwa is, which can change a lot depending on the word. Okay, so I'm going to read it again. Same thing. Listen, just for stress. Stress is going to be very subtle. Now we know that. All right, Information, Nation. Accommodation, Punctuation. Next one. Mission Confusion. Lesion. Invasion. Next one. Tragic panic. Plastic logic. Uh huh. How do I do it? I mean, I mean the thing is, how do I stress it? Is there any movement of any part of my mouth that I need to focus on to make sure that, yeah, I'm doing it correctly or do I do it correctly right now? I just don't know what else I need to do in order to stress that part. How do I ensure. Yeah, it's not a mouth movement or a trick of the tongue or a flare of the lips or anything like that. It's just, it's a little louder, a little longer and you want to make sure it's pronounced so it helps to know. Let's say, for example, if we go to. Let's go down to nouns because this one will be more noticeable with day to day life. You go to nouns. Where is the stress here? Wallet. The beginning of it. Yeah, the beginning. Look at these exceptions. So for example, it's more noticeable and it comes more into play when. Read these examples for me, these examples of exceptions. Okay. Police Guitar. Forensic. Tonight. Apartment. Community. So when I'm hearing the stress, I'm also listening for schwa. Okay, so for example, the word. You know what, I'm just going to share it with you so that I don't have to say these words and spoil, spoil everything when I hear this word. How do you say it? Okay, hold on, which word? Guitar. This is the stress. But there's a schwa in this first part because there's not stress there anymore. It's an exception. There's not stress at the first part, so it's with the schwa. So how do you say it really? I mean, okay, Gutter. Gutter. Guitar. Okay, I see. Ha. Gutar. Guitar. Guitar. Guitar. Yeah, yeah, I can hear that. Okay, gutter. So for example, I have a roommate, her first language is German. She plays the guitar. She says that she plays the guitar. It's Very noticeable. So knowing where stress is, that includes rules and exceptions, will help you know where schwa is. And schwa can either change the entire meaning of the word or it could just change the sound of the word. This is the example. It doesn't change the meaning. It's not like a guitar is one type of instrument and a guitar is a completely different instrument, but it definitely hits the brain a little funny for a native speaker. I don't know how weird it would sound for you, but it's definitely a little weird. What about this one? Tonight? How do you say it? Tonight? Yes. When you first read it, you said tonight. I. I know. Yeah, I didn't. Huh. Tonight. Tonight. Huh. This one? Police. Yep. So there's a shower there, huh? Yeah. Police. Police. This one. Oh, wow. Community. Yeah, community. Probably. I was saying community. Community. Yeah, community. That's fine. You're saying it right. But now you're noticing what's going on here. Right. And what about here? This one? Apartment. Yeah, apartment. You're saying it right. I'm hearing stress. Very good. Is there schwa on this word? M, E, N, T there. Apartment. Well, what's the first syllable? Apartment. Ah, the first one is, I think the schwa. Apartment. Yeah, yeah. So knowing. Okay, these are the exceptions. Oh, we skipped one. This one. It's a little bit of a different idea, but we'll talk about it. What's going on here? Forensic. Forensic. Forensic. Yeah, yeah. What's here? Forensic. Oh, wow. Okay. Forensic. Forensic. That O isn't stressed, so it goes away. It goes from four to a schwa. R for forensic. Forensic. Uh huh. Yeah. So you could see that knowing where the stress is here in every single one of these words changes how you say them. Yeah, it does. So knowing. Okay. Schwa, your stress is usually at the beginning of a word when it comes to nouns. We could see that here. Beginning of the word. Now that it's not at the beginning anymore. We're changing what's going on. It's not tonight, it's tonight. Tonight. Of course you can say tonight if you're stressing it. You're probably going to hear tonight if you're listening to the news. Yeah, but for the most part. So that is one thing that is important with stress is we know where stress is and then we know where lack of stress is. And lack of stress becomes schwa. Right. So that's why. That's one reason stress is important in words up here. Like I said, for this particular case it's going to be more of a. Oh, something's a little off. I can't really pinpoint it because the schwa is always going to be here. For example, it's always going to be in the din. You can't really mess that up. Yeah, but sometimes if you're listening just to somebody speak, you could just tell, okay, there's an accent because there's no stress. Maybe, for example, if you speak Spanish, you tend to stress everything evenly. You have no schwa, you have no primary stress. Everything is just the same stress all the time. And that's very noticeable. Native speakers might not know, okay, what is going on with that accent, but we'll know. Okay, there's definitely an accent there. Hmm. Now, remember, this does not happen every single time. There's not always going to be stress. And then schwa. For example, this word right here. How do you say it? Body. Yeah, body. It's not gonna. You can't always assume. Okay, stress is on the first part, so there has to be a schwa. It's not bada, though. It's just. Yeah, it's not bada. This one's not apron, you know, this one's not apral. It's not always going to be there. But it's important to be able to listen for schwa, because then you're listening for stress, and those two go hand in hand. And it creates a whole pattern, and it changes the pronunciation dramatically in some cases. We're also going to look at how there's different parts of words where if you change the stress, you change the whole meaning of the word. Okay, so what I would like for you to do. We talked about the suffixes. We talked about nouns and verbs. What I want you to do is I want you to look at these examples. We're going to go over the rest of the sheet. We're going to go through more next time. This is going to take a minute. But I want you to go through the first three. Suffix, noun, verb. I want you to read, maybe record yourself. You do not have to send me the recording, but just for your own reference, for your own listening. And see. Okay, is there a schwa or schwa are where the stress is absent. For example, read the first line here of the. Of the advance for me. Advance, forget, regret, intend. Now listen, as I read them, half of them have a schwa or schwa. R. One of them has a schwa. One of them has a schwa. R. Two of them forget, has schwa. Schwarzenegger. Forget. Yes, forget. Forget. Yeah, yeah. I didn't do that. The f O r is very commonly schwa R. As you can see, forensics forget forever things like that. So advance. Advance. That is not a schwa. Advance. But forget regret. Rugret. So this is an example of where it actually changes the whole meaning of the word. Regret is a thing. That's a noun. I have regret. That's something I have. But if I am regretting something as a verb, it's regret. That's the verb. Regret. If I change it to regret, it's a noun now. Oh, okay. So there is no schwa in the noun, but in the verb. Yes, and we will look at that where that's kind of common in English. Not overly common, but it is definitely a thing. Then schwa changes the whole word. Okay, so I want you to kind of. You don't have to necessarily record yourself, but do read through these. See if you can listen for schwa and schwa r and your stress. So, for example, like I said, with these suffixes, it's not as important. The schwa and schwa r aren't really going to change much. But listening just for the stress is something native speakers do as well. Mm. I did send you the dictionary. The dictionary can usually tell you where the, you know, tell you where schwa is. Help you double check that aspect of things if you need to. But this is something we're gonna briefly talk about next class, and then we're going to move on. So next time, we're gonna talk about adjectives and adverbs. Okay. Any questions? Well, you know, the. All these are good, but then the question is, how do I really make it part of my own speech? How do I make it feel like it's normal for me? That's the challenge. Yeah. So with all the sounds, stress included, schwa, especially, all that fun stuff, it's important to just be able to listen for it. Right. So we're gonna listen to it in a secluded, individual environment, like in class, like when I'm speaking. And then I'll be able to be very dramatic about it. You know, intention, whatever it is. There's also the song practices. Those are very helpful. Now that we've gone through stress, you could see those. So just listening for it is very helpful. And then once you're able to listen for it with me, you can listen for it in the wild. And once you just start listening for it at different points, your brain is going to be like, okay, this is how it is. This is how people talk. This is what's going on in life. And then integrate it into your own speech. So you'll practice it and speaking and listening in class. In practice, whatever it is, and then you'll be able to kind of more naturally use it, if that makes sense. Yeah, it does. Does. So song practice is something. And of course, listen to you. Yeah. Are you going to do that in a class or will you suggest the practice? This. The song. Song. No, no, the song is the songs are just for you to look at. Okay. Because it's literally just looking at YouTube. Did I send you the songs? No, if you can send. Did you send me the songs I sent you to? Yes. Okay. I will send you some from my database. I will send you some of yours, and then I will send you the instructions as well. Got it. Okay. Okay. Go ahead and do this practice and I'll see you next time. Yeah, I took a lot of your time today. What is your next class? It's in about 20 minutes. Okay, awesome. Well, thank you so much for this amazing class. I will do my practice and see you next week. All right, have a good day. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Are you recording? Okay. Awesome. So the practice I recommend for this, if you're having problem with the schwa, R, it's at the beginning of the word, like incorrupt. You're saying corrupt. It's at the very start. Find a word with the same sound pairing that you want. For example, corrupt has that cr. So other words that start with crow, crate, crush. Crow, crate, crush. Slowly break those apart. Curo. Crate crush. Take that. Cr. You have that now cur. Cur. Ker. Take it and plug it into cur.

Speaker B: Corrupt. Yeah, I get that. Okay.

Speaker A: All right. So that's one way you can break it down. You had another part. Sorry, you had other words on your list. You said you had six or seven.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's like murderer. So how about I. I try this first? Murder. So I just have to join this together. I feel that's difficult because there are so many vowels that we are skipping here. Murderer.

Speaker A: Yeah. Actually, you're skipping. You're skipping all the vowels that are written there. You're not pronouncing the U. You're not pronouncing either of the E's.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's what I'm supposed to do. No. Isn't it?

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. You're not supposed. You're not supposed to pronounce any of the sounds.

Speaker B: It's like M, R, D, R, R. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. People are like, oh, yeah. There's a vowel in every sound, every word in English. There isn't actually a vowel in every word in English. It's just spelled that way. But yes. Mer, M and then R, Mer, der, and then an extra R just for good measure. Murder. There are actually no vowels there.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: And maybe if you were doing a similar practice to corrupt with that, to get rid of that U at the beginning there. How could you do that with the same practice? So what are some sounds that start with mer other than murderer?

Speaker B: I can't remember any that starts with amr.

Speaker A: Have you heard of maybe the word murky?

Speaker B: Murky. Yeah.

Speaker A: So how do you say it?

Speaker B: Is it mister? No. Murky.

Speaker A: It's not spelled mister, but it's pronounced mister.

Speaker B: Murky. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. So remember, it doesn't necessarily have to be spelled that way. It doesn't have to be spelled without the vowel as long as it's also pronounced. So, for example, you might say murky with M. R. Fine, you might say murky. But then when it comes to murderer, you might have a hard time taking out that, um, Same practice. I think I'm hearing the U is Fine. In murderer, the issue there is that double R at the end.

Speaker B: Murderer. Okay, yeah.

Speaker A: So murderer.

Speaker B: Murderer. Mer. There are Murderer.

Speaker A: So when you break it down, I'm hearing it fine. At the beginning. Mer, Mer. Mer.

Speaker B: Mer. And then der. Are. There are. Yes.

Speaker A: And we will specifically talk about. That's called a syllable. R. We have a whole sheet on that. So if that's something that starts to come up, don't worry about it because we will definitely break it down. Okay. It's its own problem.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And then the last one is insurance.

Speaker B: Insurance. Insurance. Insurance. Is it fine? Insurance?

Speaker A: Yes. Can you say it in a sentence?

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Say a sentence that maybe has. Has it a few times. Like I went to the insurance building to take out an insurance loan with the insurance agent or something where I get to hear it a couple different. Couple different times. There.

Speaker B: I went to an insurance agent. I went to the insurance building to take out an insurance for my car insurance. Yeah.

Speaker A: Like I said, I think the word is fine. You're pronouncing it fine. The thing is that you'll be speaking like this. You'll be speaking at a specific pace, your own different pace. And then we come along the word insurance. You'll say, I went to the insurance building to pull out some papers for my insurance paperwork. And then I talked to the. You'll kind of slow it down. And I think that kind of slowing down is kind of tricking your brain into thinking that you're pronouncing it wrong just because you have that kind of hesitation, that kind of overanalyzing. I would say. I would say it's fine there, though, I think. In your recording, did you point out the rest of the words on your list? Like, as you were recording, were you like, okay, these are the ones I want help with.

Speaker B: Yes. I pronounce them couple times. And. Yeah,

Speaker A: okay, I will go through your recording for the rest of them. I want you to actually look at the rest of them that you have and do this kind of practice on your own. If you have a specific question, maybe you really, really can't think of a word that starts with cr. Like the word corrupt. You're like, oh, I really, really can't break this one down. I can't think of any words that start with that. Then send it to me. But for the most part, I want you to kind of maybe use what we did here and try to figure out the rest.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: If you need specific help, I will be more than happy to kind of break those down for you, but try to use These. And then do you have any others? Maybe ones that aren't at the beginning. Maybe more schwa are at the end. Other than that long R on murderer or were you pretty good with those?

Speaker B: Yeah, I was good at most of them. I feel.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. At least I know how to do that. But probably not yet a part of my speech.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, no problem. Like I said, if that comes up, you know, there's also different ways. And then the other tactic, of course, is breaking down by syllables. So instead of trying to say corrupt altogether, if you say it as a whole word, some people tend to have the O come back. So they might say cur just fine. But then they might go curr and then go straight to. From curr to corrupt. So it might help to do that. Okay, the O is coming back. Cur. Curr. Ker. Curriculum, reconnection.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. So I would say use those different tactics. I will go through listening, see if there's anything I hear where I'm like, oh, no, this one is terrible. You're fired. I will listen to those as well. But other than that, I want you to go ahead and try on your own there. Did you have maybe any other questions?

Speaker B: No, no, I was also. Actually, I was just listening to the recording, and that was about the next thing, which was the stress. Yeah, I didn't practice that, but I. I watched your video. Your recording again.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, so I would like in our last little bit here to go over a little bit more stress. So if you could go and open the stress worksheet. Can you remind me where we left off on this?

Speaker B: No, let me open it up first. I think we were. We skip those shen and IC ick. All those stuff. And we are pronouncing the nouns. We're. We're talking about the patterns for nouns and verbs.

Speaker A: Yeah, we were talking about those before that, though. We were talking about what stress is. And there's. How many levels of stress.

Speaker B: Yeah, three. So one is. One is normal. I'll say that's the normal. And then another one is stressed and another one is relaxed, basically. Sure. In most cases.

Speaker A: Yeah. So, yes, we definitely, you know, have those three layers. I would like to go back to the first page where we talk about suffixes.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So let's talk about suffixes since we have a little. Little bin it. Can you read to me what's going on here?

Speaker B: The first page. Right. Stress syllables.

Speaker A: Well, the second page.

Speaker B: Oh, the second page.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Words with some suffix. Same suffixes. Shan, I don't know how to Pronounce different languages, confusion, Etc, often share similar stress patterns. Second to last syllable. Okay. Second, last, yes.

Speaker A: So basically what it's saying, second to last, you can remember that as it's right before the suffix.

Speaker B: Yeah, Right.

Speaker A: So that's easier to remember. It's moved, you have the suffix and right before it is the stress. So I'm going to read this and you can see those folded parts are where the stress is. And what is stress? What will you be listening for as I read this?

Speaker B: Okay. I'll be looking for the stress. I mean, how you pronounce what is stress?

Speaker A: So there's the different parts.

Speaker B: What is trust?

Speaker A: It says on the first page if you need to peek.

Speaker B: Well, no, okay, I understand that. So you will be pronouncing that more clearly. It will be louder and higher in tone, longer. So it's very clearly pronounced. Basically, yes.

Speaker A: And by clearly pronounced, it just means it's the enunciated version instead of the schwa version. So there's no schwa there. So I want you to listen for stress and then I'm going to read it one more time and I want you to listen for something else. So this time I'm just going to read the first lines on each of these. So I'm not going to read the whole thing, just the first line for each of these suffixes. Oh, hi. So, information, nation. Accommodation, Punctuation. And then moving on. Next syllable now. Mission, Confusion. Lesion. Invasion. Next part. Tragic. Panic. Plastic logic. Could you hear the stress? So, for example, with accommodation. So isn't it acca. Acca station? Yes, it is always that sound. I'm not getting rid of schwa. It's not like schwa is ever in these words, but it will be longer than the other syllables as well. For example, how many syllables are in accommodation?

Speaker B: Accommodation. Oh, my Echo

Speaker A: 5. Yes.

Speaker B: Wow.

Speaker A: Okay, so that one will have the primary stress. You get one primary stress award that has the primary stress. It will be the longest and loudest part of the entire word, the the strongest of the five. So if I say accommodation, you might hear that day is a little bit longer than the rest of the word. Right, Accommodation.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's very subtle, though.

Speaker A: Yeah, it is subtle. It's not like most people are going out here, like accommodation. It's very subtle.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Day to day, though, it is there and it's important to listen for because it's very subtle. But if you don't have the right stress, people might not even know why you have an accent. But they'll be like it's there. I don't know what you're doing, but I hear something. So one, that kind of pattern we are subconsciously looking for as native speakers. We might not know what's off. We'll know something's off. And two, if you don't have the stress in the right place, it's going to mix where schwa is, which can change a lot depending on the word. Okay, so I'm going to read it again. Same thing. Listen, just for stress. Stress is going to be very subtle. Now we know that. All right, Information, Nation. Accommodation, Punctuation. Next one. Mission Confusion. Lesion. Invasion. Next one. Tragic panic. Plastic logic.

Speaker B: Uh huh. How do I do it? I mean, I mean the thing is, how do I stress it? Is there any movement of any part of my mouth that I need to focus on to make sure that, yeah, I'm doing it correctly or do I do it correctly right now? I just don't know what else I need to do in order to stress that part. How do I ensure.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's not a mouth movement or a trick of the tongue or a flare of the lips or anything like that. It's just, it's a little louder, a little longer and you want to make sure it's pronounced so it helps to know. Let's say, for example, if we go to. Let's go down to nouns because this one will be more noticeable with day to day life. You go to nouns. Where is the stress here?

Speaker B: Wallet. The beginning of it.

Speaker A: Yeah, the beginning. Look at these exceptions. So for example, it's more noticeable and it comes more into play when. Read these examples for me, these examples of exceptions.

Speaker B: Okay. Police Guitar. Forensic. Tonight. Apartment. Community.

Speaker A: So when I'm hearing the stress, I'm also listening for schwa. Okay, so for example, the word. You know what, I'm just going to share it with you so that I don't have to say these words and spoil, spoil everything when I hear this word. How do you say it?

Speaker B: Okay, hold on, which word? Guitar.

Speaker A: This is the stress. But there's a schwa in this first part because there's not stress there anymore. It's an exception. There's not stress at the first part, so it's with the schwa. So how do you say it

Speaker B: really? I mean, okay, Gutter.

Speaker A: Gutter.

Speaker B: Guitar. Okay, I see. Ha.

Speaker A: Gutar. Guitar. Guitar.

Speaker B: Guitar. Yeah, yeah, I can hear that. Okay, gutter.

Speaker A: So for example, I have a roommate, her first language is German. She plays the guitar. She says that she plays the guitar. It's Very noticeable. So knowing where stress is, that includes rules and exceptions, will help you know where schwa is. And schwa can either change the entire meaning of the word or it could just change the sound of the word. This is the example. It doesn't change the meaning. It's not like a guitar is one type of instrument and a guitar is a completely different instrument, but it definitely hits the brain a little funny for a native speaker. I don't know how weird it would sound for you, but it's definitely a little weird. What about this one?

Speaker B: Tonight?

Speaker A: How do you say it?

Speaker B: Tonight?

Speaker A: Yes. When you first read it, you said tonight.

Speaker B: I. I know. Yeah, I didn't. Huh. Tonight.

Speaker A: Tonight.

Speaker B: Huh.

Speaker A: This one?

Speaker B: Police.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: So there's a shower there, huh?

Speaker A: Yeah. Police.

Speaker B: Police.

Speaker A: This one.

Speaker B: Oh, wow. Community.

Speaker A: Yeah, community. Probably.

Speaker B: I was saying community. Community.

Speaker A: Yeah, community. That's fine. You're saying it right. But now you're noticing what's going on here.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: And what about here? This one?

Speaker B: Apartment.

Speaker A: Yeah, apartment. You're saying it right. I'm hearing stress. Very good. Is there schwa on this word?

Speaker B: M, E, N, T there. Apartment.

Speaker A: Well, what's the first syllable?

Speaker B: Apartment. Ah, the first one is, I think the schwa. Apartment.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So knowing. Okay, these are the exceptions. Oh, we skipped one. This one. It's a little bit of a different idea, but we'll talk about it. What's going on here?

Speaker B: Forensic.

Speaker A: Forensic.

Speaker B: Forensic.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. What's here?

Speaker B: Forensic. Oh, wow. Okay. Forensic. Forensic.

Speaker A: That O isn't stressed, so it goes away. It goes from four to a schwa. R for forensic.

Speaker B: Forensic. Uh huh.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you could see that knowing where the stress is here in every single one of these words changes how you say them.

Speaker B: Yeah, it does.

Speaker A: So knowing. Okay. Schwa, your stress is usually at the beginning of a word when it comes to nouns. We could see that here. Beginning of the word. Now that it's not at the beginning anymore. We're changing what's going on. It's not tonight, it's tonight.

Speaker B: Tonight.

Speaker A: Of course you can say tonight if you're stressing it. You're probably going to hear tonight if you're listening to the news. Yeah, but for the most part. So that is one thing that is important with stress is we know where stress is and then we know where lack of stress is. And lack of stress becomes schwa.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: So that's why. That's one reason stress is important in words up here. Like I said, for this particular case it's going to be more of a. Oh, something's a little off. I can't really pinpoint it because the schwa is always going to be here. For example, it's always going to be in the din. You can't really mess that up. Yeah, but sometimes if you're listening just to somebody speak, you could just tell, okay, there's an accent because there's no stress. Maybe, for example, if you speak Spanish, you tend to stress everything evenly. You have no schwa, you have no primary stress. Everything is just the same stress all the time. And that's very noticeable. Native speakers might not know, okay, what is going on with that accent, but we'll know. Okay, there's definitely an accent there.

Speaker B: Hmm.

Speaker A: Now, remember, this does not happen every single time. There's not always going to be stress. And then schwa. For example, this word right here. How do you say it?

Speaker B: Body.

Speaker A: Yeah, body. It's not gonna. You can't always assume. Okay, stress is on the first part, so there has to be a schwa. It's not bada, though. It's just. Yeah, it's not bada. This one's not apron, you know, this one's not apral. It's not always going to be there. But it's important to be able to listen for schwa, because then you're listening for stress, and those two go hand in hand. And it creates a whole pattern, and it changes the pronunciation dramatically in some cases. We're also going to look at how there's different parts of words where if you change the stress, you change the whole meaning of the word. Okay, so what I would like for you to do. We talked about the suffixes. We talked about nouns and verbs. What I want you to do is I want you to look at these examples. We're going to go over the rest of the sheet. We're going to go through more next time. This is going to take a minute. But I want you to go through the first three. Suffix, noun, verb. I want you to read, maybe record yourself. You do not have to send me the recording, but just for your own reference, for your own listening. And see. Okay, is there a schwa or schwa are where the stress is absent. For example, read the first line here of the. Of the advance for me.

Speaker B: Advance, forget, regret, intend.

Speaker A: Now listen, as I read them, half of them have a schwa or schwa. R. One of them has a schwa. One of them has a schwa.

Speaker B: R. Two of them forget, has schwa. Schwarzenegger.

Speaker A: Forget.

Speaker B: Yes, forget. Forget. Yeah, yeah. I didn't do that.

Speaker A: The f O r is very commonly schwa R. As you can see, forensics forget forever things like that. So advance. Advance. That is not a schwa. Advance. But forget regret. Rugret. So this is an example of where it actually changes the whole meaning of the word. Regret is a thing. That's a noun. I have regret. That's something I have. But if I am regretting something as a verb, it's regret. That's the verb. Regret. If I change it to regret, it's a noun now.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. So there is no schwa in the noun, but in the verb.

Speaker A: Yes, and we will look at that where that's kind of common in English. Not overly common, but it is definitely a thing. Then schwa changes the whole word. Okay, so I want you to kind of. You don't have to necessarily record yourself, but do read through these. See if you can listen for schwa and schwa r and your stress. So, for example, like I said, with these suffixes, it's not as important. The schwa and schwa r aren't really going to change much. But listening just for the stress is something native speakers do as well.

Speaker B: Mm.

Speaker A: I did send you the dictionary. The dictionary can usually tell you where the, you know, tell you where schwa is. Help you double check that aspect of things if you need to. But this is something we're gonna briefly talk about next class, and then we're going to move on. So next time, we're gonna talk about adjectives and adverbs.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Any questions?

Speaker B: Well, you know, the. All these are good, but then the question is, how do I really make it part of my own speech? How do I make it feel like it's normal for me? That's the challenge.

Speaker A: Yeah. So with all the sounds, stress included, schwa, especially, all that fun stuff, it's important to just be able to listen for it. Right. So we're gonna listen to it in a secluded, individual environment, like in class, like when I'm speaking. And then I'll be able to be very dramatic about it. You know, intention, whatever it is. There's also the song practices. Those are very helpful. Now that we've gone through stress, you could see those. So just listening for it is very helpful. And then once you're able to listen for it with me, you can listen for it in the wild. And once you just start listening for it at different points, your brain is going to be like, okay, this is how it is. This is how people talk. This is what's going on in life. And then integrate it into your own speech. So you'll practice it and speaking and listening in class. In practice, whatever it is, and then you'll be able to kind of more naturally use it, if that makes sense.

Speaker B: Yeah, it does. Does. So song practice is something. And of course, listen to you. Yeah. Are you going to do that in a class or will you suggest the practice? This.

Speaker A: The song.

Speaker B: Song.

Speaker A: No, no, the song is the songs are just for you to look at.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Because it's literally just looking at YouTube. Did I send you the songs?

Speaker B: No, if you can send. Did you send me the songs I sent you to? Yes.

Speaker A: Okay. I will send you some from my database. I will send you some of yours, and then I will send you the instructions as well.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. Go ahead and do this practice and I'll see you next time.

Speaker B: Yeah, I took a lot of your time today. What is your next class?

Speaker A: It's in about 20 minutes.

Speaker B: Okay, awesome. Well, thank you so much for this amazing class. I will do my practice and see you next week.

Speaker A: All right, have a good day. Bye.

