Transcript for: Recording__936.mp4
Title: Recording #936
============================================================

In the first month to sell 10,000. I'm not sure what your other strategies are for external traffic, But I think 20% spend in the first few months is not. You may need to spend more than that. It could be as high as 40%, I would say, if you solely rely on Amazon. Doesn't sound right, but yeah, that's how it is. So now let's see what happened here. So that's part of what you have to do in the presentation. So let's use this chart as an example. Right. So month one, you're spending 40% on marketing. That comes off your credit card. So you left with 6,000. Your cost of goods cost you whatever, you know. What is this number here? F9E4. Oh, here. So, So like this is kind of what, like I presume you present this to your client before, right? Yeah, generally have this discussion with the clients, but honestly I didn't prepare anything like this before. But it makes sense. Definitely makes sense. Well, let's kind of do it like, let's do it now. And then you can show like whatever format you use is what you like, but you can use this format like basically the idea is like, hey, client, this is the strategy. The strategy is going to be, you know, they spend 40% for the first three months. So you're gonna sell 63, 000, spend 25 in marketing. So left 37, 000. Your products cost 28, 000 and you lost 18 000. So is this. Yeah, correct. Is this 44, 50 real? It depends. So there are tiers, different tiers. I have to check your products weight and dimensions. Based on that, I can tell you how much it will be. But it's about that he said. Right, okay, so the first month you lose two, then you lose five, then you lose six. So what's. And also I'll say this, in the first month it may be a little bit. The expense may be more on ads eventually. If it works out, then it will not remain the same even after the third month. So it will, it is expected to go down and we're supposed to optimize that over time. So probably we'll see some changes there. Okay, so let's do that, let's do that and then let's do that here. And this number is always not the same by the way. It really depends on your situation, how much we can, how much external traffic we can leverage or brand traffic can we leverage. There are many things that we need to consider and also budget. So 40. So month one's 40 and then 30 and then 20. Is that more accurate? 40 is a bit too low, but, yeah, sure. So I'll say it will come down to 30% there. Yeah. Okay. So you're still losing $10,000, though. Yes. So is there any way to not lose 13? Like, if someone doesn't have $10,000, what do you do? Like, I don't want to lose $10,000 in the first month that I list. I get that. But then what is. What are the other things you're doing? Are you totally relying on Amazon traffic? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. But I think the idea is what you want to do in your PowerPoint is explain to the audience, like, what your process is and why your process is, and then show that you have these charts. Right? So here the. In step two, you would say, and if you don't present these charts, whatever charts you present. But the idea is that you, like, I shouldn't. If I'm hiring you, I shouldn't find out in month four that I lost 10,000. And that was the plan the whole time, right? Like, yeah, definitely not. Yeah, in advance. Like, hey, the plan is you're gonna lose 10,000 in the first month. So step two is proposed strategy for strong roas. Right. So it's not always like that, Suzy. So it really depends on the situation. Sometimes clients will be. Will already have some revenue and will then propose, hey, how about we bump up the spend to 20%? That is still profitable for you. And it's not too aggressive, but we'll grow. This is our. This is how we can expect. This is how much we can expect. It will grow. How about we do that? Yeah, but let's say, like, I'm a new client, right? I'm attending the webinar on Wednesday. And I'm like, okay, I want to get on Amazon. So your deck should help, like, A, sell why you're better. But B, you know, if you're a new client and you're going to be losing 10,000 in three months for an $18 item, that you should say that, right? Like. Like, I expect math. And this is why I did this for him. I expect math to tell me, like, because what happened last time he listed stuff and we're getting charged on the credit card. And then I was like, when are we going to get paid? When are we going to get paid? And we were not getting this deposited. We weren't getting paid anything. So our credit card was charged. We got zero here. Zero. And I'm like, okay, well, when do we get Paid? Oh, I don't know. I don't know. So I'm like, that doesn't work for me as a client. Right. Like. Like, you know, I. I really liked him. He worked on that. Good. But I'm like that. I'm not too thrilled about that. So again. So again, you know, we might work together, but like, the idea is like, like, you should think about the clients that you got. Like, you should, like, you should show what it is. So let's just finish this so you can fill in the blank. So first is you have to make this nice. So first. First is you analyze the dynamic and then you propose a strategy. In this case, it's losing 10,000. We got to fix all the formatting. Then you go with the listings, you know, include, include. So then you do the actual listings, which is this. So include. You know the right keywords. What was this AC thing? Yeah, A plus content. What about videos? Do you do videos also? I mean, I can come up with the concepts, but I don't do designs, by the way. Yeah, right. So I know the best practices and what works better on Amazon, but don't do designs. So include the right keywords, you know, so it's not just keywords, it's product descriptions, right? Yeah. Basically ac. A copy. That's. In short, what is it? How do you say SEO copy? SEO. Oh, that's how you wrote that. Okay. SEO, Search engine optimization. SEO copy. Yeah. Okay, so you do that here. Here in drive traffic. It's going to be marketing ads, Amazon ad. And that's like, you're saying a minimum of like 15 to 50%, right? William, he does 50%. Makes sense. That is practical. Emails, meta ads, organic. Could be one. Okay. And then results, scorecard review weekly, depending. Okay, so these are kind of your steps, right? So can you go in. In the next, like, hour and just kind of put like. This is a good example of step two. Can you put some examples of what it would look like? Because you're pitching it. You're trying to say to someone like, hey, this is what I do. So do you have like, do you have a. Okay, wait, so let's do two. Do you have like a. A scorecard, like a dashboard? A scorecard, like KPI. I generally do an audit and then make a presentation for the client's specific situation. Now, how do I do show that? Here is the question. Yeah, so just pick one example and just keep the same words. Right. What I'm just kind of coaching you on is, like, you have to be consistent because this is my like, whatever, fourth meeting with you and I didn't even know what your steps, like, I'm reading your stuff, but I, and I read your PowerPoint. So this is all about like get very clear on your process. Repeat, repeat, repeat. So here you, here you have the logos here. Now let's just finish the flow. So this is kind of a also. So that can go there also we do the operation if you want, for a fee. What's this? That's the step one, basically. Yeah, well, this is not step one. This is like step five. But you're telling us you're going to do it and this is step one. So you just want to kind of rebuild everything. Like here's how it works together. Like the first thing I'm going to do for you is I'm going to do a review and it looks like this example, I'm going to then recommend this example, right? Like, so, like we have a real brand example here. I'll just download this, right? Like, just use it very, very practically. Say the step one, we've got to figure out if it work and then the client has to sign off, right? Like we have to sign off on the strawman budget. So you do these two, two things here in this step one, then you agree to the strawman budget or you don't, right? I come back and I say, no, I'm not going to lose $10,000. Okay, so then you don't go past this step. But you have to present the step, propose a strategy. Does the client agree to this? You know, yes, no. And we can just go here. So I'm just trying to kind of get you to write down like you, this is your kind of, you know, full time thing. Like, I'm not just, I just, I'm just trying to kind of coach. So hey, you agree to the strawman budget, then you're going to develop the right product offerings and how to get traffic, which becomes step three, right? You're gonna recommend all this. So here, like put pictures, like, put pictures of this. Put pictures of like the budget. Is this right? Like you're gonna like, put pictures of what it looks like to recommend the best product offerings. Like, put pictures of this. So it's called AV Sync. So this is audio, this is what you're saying and hearing and, and this is what you're seeing. So we need AV Sync. We need you to say, I propose a strategy, I propose the budget and then I propose the best product. So put a picture, right? Put a picture of a client that you're allowed to the best product offering. Like, put something to prove this point. AV Sync. Audio. Video. Audio video. Put a visual. Okay, so come up with a visual there. Then step three is listings. So then put examples of the listings like, that you're allowed to use. Like, put examples of the listings. Then step four is drive traffic. So here. So you're basically just taking your message. And in PowerPoint you just break it down by steps. So in step four, you just go here and then, you know, put a logo. Put like an example of an email. So an example of Amazon ads. Then you have an example of an email. Like put a visual here that represents what you're going to do, right? If you know, like just visuals, like put a couple of visuals like this. So it's like the audience looks at the page and it's like, okay, now I'm going to drive practice. And again, an image is 90% and words are 10%. So right now we only have words, we don't have images. So this is images, images, images. So put, put audio, visual, put logos of meta ads, put, you know, a logo of Clavio and email. Put like visuals. Then put, put your scorecard, put your KPI scorecard here and just make one up. Like take your model and then invent all the numbers like, or just delete the client, right? So, so now that's your presentation. That's how you pitch. You say, these are my five steps. And then what's missing is, you know, this is kind of when. So, you know, there's the cost of this and the, you know, like week one. So this is, you know, step one. The cost is whatever you charge. And then it's week one. If there's a range, you can put a range, you can put like, you know, but that's what a sales deck looks like. A sales deck looks like this. Like, it's like, okay, if you hire with me because what we didn't do in the model in the 10,000 is we didn't put your fees yet, right? So if you add your fees, so you, you kind of want the client, like, and that's why there's so much dissatisfaction. Like, if I don't know. Matt, what happened with me and math for three months? Oh, we sold $30,000, but we probably lost 30,000. I don't even know how much we lost. Like, I don't have a report. Like, I don't have. Yeah, so show, like, show that. But the first step that you have to do, like right now on Sunday is you have to kind of just use the right words and do visuals. Remember pictures. Pictures. So these are the steps. Here's. Oh, so this we said was step one. Whoops, where's step one? Did we lose step one? Oh, no, sorry. This is step one. So it's the unique process. So here, put pictures, put pictures of competitors. Just put visuals off this. So put visuals that represent this. So these are the words you said that you're going to do. What's a good visual? Put the words SEO, put a competitor. Put the category, size, whatever you do, take a deck that you've done for someone else. Take. Put just screenshots, like really easy. You just need a couple pictures of this, a couple more pictures here, a couple pictures here of what you actually do. Then. Oh, by the way, you do this then. By the way. Now we need results. So here is results. So here what you have to do is you have to do like that guy that had like the eight results. The chart? Yeah, the four charts. So just do four. Right? The guy had eight. Just do four charts. This we talked about. This we talked about. So bring this, you call if you want to bring these visuals in. So just bring this onto the pages. So this you're just going to repurpose those, right? So like you have the pages. So just move this stuff along. Then here. So now we said, where's your happy clients? Oops. Where'd your happy clients go? Oops. Okay, your results. Sorry. So then let's get started. Oh, here. Then there's the team. So just do a team with some pictures of the team. So that's kind of at the end, pictures. You just need a page on the team and then you need next steps. Let's get started. Do we have that deck from that guy? Did I? Oh, we didn't download the deck. Right. Do you remember the location of it? Let's go look at it quickly. It was. Do you remember the name of that third party guy? I mean Deepak our. No, the other guy. The other deck we had. Oh, the Brand Hopper or something like that. Canva, I can send you the link again. Did you download it? No, we cannot download that. I think they have disabled that or something like that. Okay, so right now all I would do right now is. You found it? Yeah, here's the link in the chat. So all I would do right now is just reorganize your pages in the next hour and then resend it to me. Now let's compare to him. Title page you put about us. Like later you have the about us later. So that's later. Okay, we do all this stuff. That's great. But everyone says they do all this stuff. Okay, we do this. Okay, great. Okay, we convert. Okay, we do this. Okay, you know, we do this stuff. Now he put examples, right? So all of these pages of him saying he does stuff is totally useless. Now he put examples and then results. So examples and results are the two important pages. And then his fees. And that's it. Right? So you need your fees. So here, let's get started. You should have like your, like your, your, your packages. You know, package one, so you know, for startup brands, Package two for whatever, you know, growth. A growth package. And you know, package threes accelerate whatever it is. Like you should have three packages and within the package there's kind of setup and then there's, you know, ongoing. And then just explain what your fees are. Right, like set up and ongoing. Like the formatting is a disaster on this PowerPoint. So I don't want to waste too much time. So you have startup brands, you have whatever your packages are right now. Just show me what you have. Just to save time. Like, show me what you have. But then usually you should have three packages and then you should just present them this way just because I gotta go. Yeah, so you should have three packages like they have right side by side. And it should be, you know, the name of the package. Let's say, you know, startup. It should kind of explain, you know, setup, fees and ongoing. And then you know what you get, like, you know, like bullet points of, like what you get, like the services. Bullet point of the services. So that's how usually you would see. And then the same, like you would see the packages summarized. So I think we have one. Like, I mean, there's millions. This is just. You're just in a service business. Let me just see if I just coach. Be interrupted on this. Let me see if you have it be interrupted. I don't know if it's on her page, but I coached her on this. They might have hidden their packages. Yeah, but this is the same, right? Like, look like. Okay, you know, look, watch a video. Videos versus audios is way better. These are all the logos. Hey, look, you get these services, like, right? It's the same as you. Like, okay, you get these services, you have access to the network, you'll get results, you'll get referral. Oh, here's a testimonial. Oh, we can do a testimonial. By the way. You'll have health care, blah, blah, blah, Pricing okay, so they hid pricing down here. So let's go look at pricing. Okay, so this is just. This is exactly what you need to do. Exactly this, right? Like, this is this. So this is pricing. And then you can Team goes, oh, result. Team can be just at the end, let's get pricing. So here you have your testimonials, right? So. Results and testimonials. So that's like your. That's kind of how you do a sales deck. And I just took a random. This is just someone who just launched. Like, I know her. Suzanne's on my board. So she just launched a new ecom product. But it's all the same. Like, the flow is always the same in pricing. And then this other stuff you don't like, you're not going to need. Like, this is extra stuff. Just build it in here. So then present, you're like, okay, you know, here's how you optimize. Look, I have all of these logos and clients. This is my. My proprietary advantage. I have a unique process. It goes over five points. So in your PowerPoint, you can spend a little bit more time on this. I have five steps. You know, on average it's four to, you know, like the first, you know, one to eight weeks, whatever it is. Like, your titles are really important. So week one and then you'll have, you know, week two and three, and then you'll have, you know, week four and five, whatever this is, then drive traffic. Week six, and then results, like, ongoing. Right. So in the group, I believe they would want to attend because they want some answers, right? They have some needs. They. Yes. Would you. Is this speech take. It's like selling my services. Trying to sell my services, right? Yeah. Yeah. Will that be more helpful for them or would it be helpful if we gather their questions and I try to come up with the answers before the meeting? So they actually find it helpful? No, because, like, the. It's kind of all over the place. You're just going to give general answers, right? It's kind of like me, like, give me answers. Like, I just show you this, right? Oh, hey, I just had, you know, listed my chocolates for four months and I had all these surprise costs and it didn't pay out. I lost, you know, $20,000. What are you going to answer to that? Right? Like, your answer is this. This is your answer. Like, because if. If you just do that, you're not going to. You're not gonna show how you're better or different. Let's see if we have Amazon Prep, like, You're just gonna kind of say, oh, I can answer some questions, but that's not what your pain point is. Thousands of agencies that do exactly that, they talk in the meeting. Talk, not charts. And then you start working and you don't know what, what's happening. Right. So there's no point to bring just an expert who doesn't have a pitch deck. Okay. So here, this, they, these guys are minimum 5,000 and he's in the CPG market a lot. So his. So I'm not inviting him because he's not the right audience. Like he's going to see my post, he's going to say, hey, Susie can attend and I'm going to say no. Right, because your pricing is too high. So like he doesn't have his pricing here. Like this is pricing starting at 40 cents per item. What the heck is that? It's not for Amazon marketing services for fulfillment and storage. Yeah, yeah. Their company is called Sequence for Amazon Marketing. What's it called? Sequence. Okay, so here, right, he's fulfillment. Right? So he. What do you mean 40 cents per item fulfillment. But Amazon charges you the 350 on top of it, right? Yeah, they, they are a third party. So three PL service here, I think they also store your products, right? You need to label them. They will do it for you and send it to Amazon. That's probably one option. And probably they can also help you do third party fulfillment. Yeah, but that what happens here, right? So here like we need to add in here. You need to add the 3 PL so that $0.40 fits where you don't need it all the time. Depends on your setup. So if you have your, I don't know where you will be storing your products. You may not need to use a 3PL service like theirs. If you just ship it to Amazon. So you pay this $800, it leaves your 3PL and it goes to Amazon. You don't need a 3PL, right? Yeah. Okay. But if you do need it, like it's crazy, right? Like it can add up to a lot of money. So I would just say your best use of time right now is to get your pitch deck because everything else for the next five years will be around this. Like get, get a really good pitch deck. Get the right words and titles that you want to use, right? Step one is this. Like that's super important. And then when you're presenting, you just present the same. You always kind of use the same words, the same language. So, so that someone can kind of understand what you're Saying, and also if they hire you, you kind of said, like, look, this is what's going to happen, right? In the first week, this happens. In the second week, this happens. So I've had, like, thousands of agencies present me in my 30 years. Creative agencies, media agencies, SEO agencies, digital digital agencies, media agencies, digital media agencies. Like, thousands and thousands of. And they all have pitch decks. So your pitch deck has to have these steps. Like, it's. It's kind of mandatory. And that becomes your company plan. Right? Like, then we can do business planning. What? Like, everything's going to center. We can go back to, like, the business planning. Because then it's kind of like, okay, where are you making money? Right? We can do profitability per step. We can look at each of the steps. We can look at your team members, we can look at your results, right? Like, if you have this good deck, we can do business planning together. But without this deck, like, like, I need this to be able to give you good consulting, and you need this for, like, OGSM and growth and business planning. Like, it starts here. Like, this is 80%. It's just got to get written down. And that's why in our session so far, I was like, try. Like, this is what I wanted you to write. Like, what are your five steps? What are other things? Who are your results? Like, trying to organize it, like, got it. So. We'll have to incorporate these things into the steps. Yeah, you can put these kind of words, but a lot of it is just blah, blah, blah. Right? Like, I. Your audience needs to understand, what will you do? What will you. Cause what will they get? Repeat, repeat. So this is like, here is the most important page, and this is what we're going to do. As long as we're working together, we're going to do this. And then, you know, here's. Here's some examples of the first step takes about a week. You're going to get a PowerPoint and it's going to have pictures on it, right? Like, what are you going to do if someone starts paying you money? Just tell them, show them. Not tell them, show them. Show them what's going to happen. And if they pay you money next week, then you're going to develop the strategy. So you're going to have an Excel chart. You're going to say, hey, let's sign off on the budget, right? You're saying, we're going to agree to the budget. Show them. This is a good example. You can use my budget. Like, I won't say it's my Budget. Like just, hey, we're going to sign off on the budget. Then you're allowed to spend the 40%, the 35% because you've signed off on the budget. Then I'm going to do the listings. That's super easy. Take any pictures of Amazon and put that on there. Then I'm going to drive traffic. This is super easy. Just put logos and pictures. Then this is the scorecard. This is super important. So the three important pages for someone to compare you to another agency is this, this and scorecard. Because everyone can do everything else, right? There's thousands of listings up here on Amazon. Like thousands. Everyone can do listings. And it's like $500 or $2000. It's like my website right now, right. I'm trying to find people to do my website. Like, oh, my God, like there's some guys charging a hundred dollars or some guys charging 5,000, $20,000. Yep. I'm an RFP and I'm like, okay, well, show me. So I have to go again. I'm gonna leave you this. You have to resend me this, though. You have to populate it. Try to. If you can use Gamma, great. But I wouldn't. I would send me the data. Oh, where is it? Didn't we save it in downloads? Could you please send me the two files? Both of these files again? Yeah, one sec. Where is it? I'm going to send them on. I'm going to send them on LinkedIn because then we have them. Okay, here, so let me. So I'm going to send you these two. So first step is put. Oh, put content. Like put pictures and content when it's looking nearly good. Then we, you know, you can go to Gamma. Like, I agree. I also found Gamma and all my AI and I did TikTok research because I was trying to figure this out for my consulting. Gamma comes back as like the best option. But I don't want to waste time on a Sunday to figure it out. You had it. We opened one up right here. So and I opened up this pitch deck here. You are not sharing your screen, by the way. Oh, okay, here, let me reshare. So I did one Gamma because I had it open already. So I just went here. You can see my screen, right? Yes. To this template here, this guy here. And I picked sales presentation. Sales deck. I pitched sales deck. I did sales deck. So this is sales deck. So cover, pay. Where's page one? Okay, that's bad. Let's go to sales presentation. Okay. Sales presentation, Applied logistics. So this Is, you know, your company. Okay, introductions. Yeah, you can move it, right? Comprehensive service. Right. Like you can. I don't know how it works. If you have, if you have a PowerPoint, you can feed it to Gamma. Okay, I tried to do that and it didn't work. So show me how. When you figure that out, like today or tomorrow, show me how that works. So you have a template. How do you feed it? How do you, you can upload it. It's not here. You have to go back to the homepage. Yep. And you can go to the homepage. It's the templates page here. You know what, how would I do this? I'll send you a video on it. Yeah, or here. Yeah, exactly. So create new. The first one. Yes. And then you can upload it here. Import file or URL. The last option. I remember, I did that here, we'll try it. Okay, so let's just see. Okay, we'll try. It didn't work. So I just kind of said, okay, I'm gonna. It takes a bit of trial and error. What instructions and what options will work best for you. Let's see, let's see. Okay, let's see if it works. So transform content, you have different options. You see visual imports. Up to you if you want to select that. Anyway, let's see. We'll transform it because we want it to adapt. Okay. And then on the left we have. Yeah, okay. Okay, okay. So this is your job. Right. Like right now. Okay, so all the. So do that. But what I would say. So I'm gonna send me the PowerPoint and PowerPoint before doing gamma. Sure. Just because I can edit, like I help edit it. I can, you know, fix the layout. Your presentation is all about like, this is why, like it's literally eight minutes. This is why we're a kick ass agency and you want to give them enough that they're like, oh, wait a minute, this looks really good. Right. You want to give them enough and then they want to know. Because if not, it gets mayhem. Well, wait a minute, how much is it for me? Right? People will jump to, okay, wait, well what do I get for my $800, right? Like it's. You can't you lose entire control of the conversation. If want, we can offer a follow up and say we'll do a case study next time. Okay, but. And the case study would be, here's the pre work, here's the mandate. And then you would take this presentation and you would do a free onboarding if you want, but not in the first session. Like in the first session, just use your standard pitch and then we can say like, if you want, you can do. We call it a dry run. Okay. Now I'm going to take, you know, Susie's hot chocolate and I'm going to show you what it actually looks like. But that's, you know, free work. You don't really need to do that. Like, this deck is your pitch deck. And get this deck updated. I can see what it is. Then I can help you with your company growth plan. Right. Because this deck is 80% of your company's strategic plan. Okay. Like once it's updated, so then it's easier to do growth plans. Okie doke. Understand? Can I ask one question before you go? Yep. Who the people who are going to attend, do you think they're just going to get started or do they have some revenue on Amazon? Most of them. Like, William has $10 million of revenue, so he's gonna probably sit in and be a bit of an ass. Like. But everyone else is kind of like me. Right. I had 200,000 in Canada for love. Good fast. 200,000 US I'm helping a client confidentially. Three farmers. She has also 200 Canadian. 200 US and I'm. She's hired me to do CMO consulting. It's not public, so I'm just telling you that. So there's. There are brands like that and then there. But the majority on Wednesday will be just. Okay. You know your pain points were correct, right? I tried. I spent a bit of money. The consultant disappeared. The listings were crap. Then, you know, then we didn't get any revenue. You might have come Lavi. Like come. Lavie has his. He does everything himself. So you might have a couple of people that do everything themselves. So let me just show you. So Dojibi, William's brand, by the way, looks very interesting. And yeah, probably I would love to just have a conversation with him at some point. Yeah, like offline. I just don't want him to. So this brand, he set everything up himself and he's making money on it. Okay. And then the other person who said everything else, so then she Pleasure pods is the, the Patel guy. There's a few brands that set everything up themselves. I don't remember. With Zuli for her tiara. I don't know who she used to Tiara deodorant. I don't remember. But I'm also probably like, I'm going to do the post tomorrow morning, so we'll probably have other people attending. Right. So I don't know who she used, but she paid someone, so Zulie paid so she might attend. So it's 20 bucks. I think she's 16 in the stores. Okay. It'll be interesting. Yeah. But first, I mean, the reason you hired me is to help. Like, your pitch deck. It took us a bit longer to get there, but now it's forcing us. Like, your pitch deck is what you need to get going, because then, you know, then I can introduce you to brands, etc. Etc. Right. Like, but if I don't. And I can even try you out instead of Matt. But we all need to know your pitch deck. Sure. All right, Sounds good. Thank you so much. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: In the first month to sell 10,000. I'm not sure what your other strategies are for external traffic, But I think 20% spend in the first few months is not. You may need to spend more than that. It could be as high as 40%, I would say, if you solely rely on Amazon. Doesn't sound right, but yeah, that's how it is.

Speaker B: So now let's see what happened here. So that's part of what you have to do in the presentation. So let's use this chart as an example. Right. So month one, you're spending 40% on marketing. That comes off your credit card. So you left with 6,000. Your cost of goods cost you whatever, you know. What is this number here? F9E4. Oh, here. So, So like this is kind of what, like I presume you present this to your client before, right?

Speaker A: Yeah, generally have this discussion with the clients, but honestly I didn't prepare anything like this before. But it makes sense. Definitely makes sense.

Speaker B: Well, let's kind of do it like, let's do it now. And then you can show like whatever format you use is what you like, but you can use this format like basically the idea is like, hey, client, this is the strategy. The strategy is going to be, you know, they spend 40% for the first three months. So you're gonna sell 63, 000, spend 25 in marketing. So left 37, 000. Your products cost 28, 000 and you lost 18 000. So is this. Yeah, correct. Is this 44, 50 real?

Speaker A: It depends. So there are tiers, different tiers. I have to check your products weight and dimensions. Based on that, I can tell you how much it will be.

Speaker B: But it's about that he said. Right, okay, so the first month you lose two, then you lose five, then you lose six. So what's.

Speaker A: And also I'll say this, in the first month it may be a little bit. The expense may be more on ads eventually. If it works out, then it will not remain the same even after the third month. So it will, it is expected to go down and we're supposed to optimize that over time. So probably we'll see some changes there.

Speaker B: Okay, so let's do that, let's do that and then let's do that here.

Speaker A: And this number is always not the same by the way. It really depends on your situation, how much we can, how much external traffic we can leverage or brand traffic can we leverage. There are many things that we need to consider and also budget.

Speaker B: So 40. So month one's 40 and then 30 and then 20. Is that more accurate?

Speaker A: 40 is a bit too low, but, yeah, sure. So I'll say it will come down to 30% there. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. So you're still losing $10,000, though.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: So is there any way to not lose 13? Like, if someone doesn't have $10,000, what do you do? Like, I don't want to lose $10,000 in the first month that I list.

Speaker A: I get that. But then what is. What are the other things you're doing? Are you totally relying on Amazon traffic?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. But I think the idea is what you want to do in your PowerPoint is explain to the audience, like, what your process is and why your process is, and then show that you have these charts. Right? So here the. In step two, you would say, and if you don't present these charts, whatever charts you present. But the idea is that you, like, I shouldn't. If I'm hiring you, I shouldn't find out in month four that I lost 10,000. And that was the plan the whole time, right?

Speaker A: Like, yeah, definitely not.

Speaker B: Yeah, in advance. Like, hey, the plan is you're gonna lose 10,000 in the first month. So step two is proposed strategy for strong roas. Right. So

Speaker A: it's not always like that, Suzy. So it really depends on the situation. Sometimes clients will be. Will already have some revenue and will then propose, hey, how about we bump up the spend to 20%? That is still profitable for you. And it's not too aggressive, but we'll grow. This is our. This is how we can expect. This is how much we can expect. It will grow. How about we do that?

Speaker B: Yeah, but let's say, like, I'm a new client, right? I'm attending the webinar on Wednesday. And I'm like, okay, I want to get on Amazon. So your deck should help, like, A, sell why you're better. But B, you know, if you're a new client and you're going to be losing 10,000 in three months for an $18 item, that you should say that, right? Like. Like, I expect math. And this is why I did this for him. I expect math to tell me, like, because what happened last time he listed stuff and we're getting charged on the credit card. And then I was like, when are we going to get paid? When are we going to get paid? And we were not getting this deposited. We weren't getting paid anything. So our credit card was charged. We got zero here. Zero. And I'm like, okay, well, when do we get Paid? Oh, I don't know. I don't know. So I'm like, that doesn't work for me as a client. Right. Like. Like, you know, I. I really liked him. He worked on that. Good. But I'm like that. I'm not too thrilled about that.

Speaker A: So again.

Speaker B: So again, you know, we might work together, but like, the idea is like, like, you should think about the clients that you got. Like, you should, like, you should show what it is. So let's just finish this so you can fill in the blank. So first is you have to make this nice. So first. First is you analyze the dynamic and then you propose a strategy. In this case, it's losing 10,000. We got to fix all the formatting. Then you go with the listings, you know, include, include. So then you do the actual listings, which is this. So include. You know the right keywords. What was this AC thing? Yeah, A plus content. What about videos? Do you do videos also?

Speaker A: I mean, I can come up with the concepts, but I don't do designs, by the way. Yeah, right. So I know the best practices and what works better on Amazon, but don't do designs.

Speaker B: So include the right keywords, you know, so it's not just keywords, it's product descriptions, right?

Speaker A: Yeah. Basically ac. A copy. That's.

Speaker B: In short, what is it?

Speaker A: How do you say SEO copy? SEO. Oh, that's how you wrote that. Okay. SEO, Search engine optimization. SEO copy. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so you do that here. Here in drive traffic. It's going to be marketing ads, Amazon ad. And that's like, you're saying a minimum of like 15 to 50%, right? William, he does 50%.

Speaker A: Makes sense. That is practical.

Speaker B: Emails, meta ads,

Speaker A: organic. Could be one. Okay.

Speaker B: And then results, scorecard review weekly, depending. Okay, so these are kind of your steps, right? So can you go in. In the next, like, hour and just kind of put like. This is a good example of step two. Can you put some examples of what it would look like? Because you're pitching it. You're trying to say to someone like, hey, this is what I do. So do you have like, do you have a. Okay, wait, so let's do two. Do you have like a. A scorecard, like a dashboard? A scorecard, like KPI.

Speaker A: I generally do an audit and then make a presentation for the client's specific situation. Now, how do I do show that? Here is the question.

Speaker B: Yeah, so just pick one example and just keep the same words. Right. What I'm just kind of coaching you on is, like, you have to be consistent because this is my like, whatever, fourth meeting with you and I didn't even know what your steps, like, I'm reading your stuff, but I, and I read your PowerPoint. So this is all about like get very clear on your process. Repeat, repeat, repeat. So here you, here you have the logos here. Now let's just finish the flow. So this is kind of a also. So that can go there also we do the operation if you want, for a fee. What's this?

Speaker A: That's the step one, basically.

Speaker B: Yeah, well, this is not step one. This is like step five. But you're telling us you're going to do it and this is step one. So you just want to kind of rebuild everything. Like here's how it works together. Like the first thing I'm going to do for you is I'm going to do a review and it looks like this example, I'm going to then recommend this example, right? Like, so, like we have a real brand example here. I'll just download this, right? Like, just use it very, very practically. Say the step one, we've got to figure out if it work and then the client has to sign off, right? Like we have to sign off on the strawman budget. So you do these two, two things here in this step one, then you agree to the strawman budget or you don't, right? I come back and I say, no, I'm not going to lose $10,000. Okay, so then you don't go past this step. But you have to present the step, propose a strategy. Does the client agree to this? You know, yes, no. And we can just go here. So I'm just trying to kind of get you to write down like you, this is your kind of, you know, full time thing. Like, I'm not just, I just, I'm just trying to kind of coach. So hey, you agree to the strawman budget, then you're going to develop the right product offerings and how to get traffic, which becomes step three, right? You're gonna recommend all this. So here, like put pictures, like, put pictures of this. Put pictures of like the budget. Is this right? Like you're gonna like, put pictures of what it looks like to recommend the best product offerings. Like, put pictures of this. So it's called AV Sync. So this is audio, this is what you're saying and hearing and, and this is what you're seeing. So we need AV Sync. We need you to say, I propose a strategy, I propose the budget and then I propose the best product. So put a picture, right? Put a picture of a client that you're allowed to the best product offering. Like, put something to prove this point. AV Sync. Audio. Video. Audio video. Put a visual. Okay, so come up with a visual there. Then step three is listings. So then put examples of the listings like, that you're allowed to use. Like, put examples of the listings. Then step four is drive traffic. So here. So you're basically just taking your message. And in PowerPoint you just break it down by steps. So in step four, you just go here and then, you know, put a logo. Put like an example of an email. So an example of Amazon ads. Then you have an example of an email. Like put a visual here that represents what you're going to do, right? If you know, like just visuals, like put a couple of visuals like this. So it's like the audience looks at the page and it's like, okay, now I'm going to drive practice. And again, an image is 90% and words are 10%. So right now we only have words, we don't have images. So this is images, images, images. So put, put audio, visual, put logos of meta ads, put, you know, a logo of Clavio and email. Put like visuals. Then put, put your scorecard, put your KPI scorecard here and just make one up. Like take your model and then invent all the numbers like, or just delete the client, right? So, so now that's your presentation. That's how you pitch. You say, these are my five steps. And then what's missing is, you know, this is kind of when. So, you know, there's the cost of this and the, you know, like week one. So this is, you know, step one. The cost is whatever you charge. And then it's week one. If there's a range, you can put a range, you can put like, you know, but that's what a sales deck looks like. A sales deck looks like this. Like, it's like, okay, if you hire with me because what we didn't do in the model in the 10,000 is we didn't put your fees yet, right? So if you add your fees, so you, you kind of want the client, like, and that's why there's so much dissatisfaction. Like, if I don't know. Matt, what happened with me and math for three months? Oh, we sold $30,000, but we probably lost 30,000. I don't even know how much we lost. Like, I don't have a report. Like, I don't have. Yeah, so show, like, show that. But the first step that you have to do, like right now on Sunday is you have to kind of just use the right words and do visuals. Remember pictures. Pictures. So these are the steps. Here's. Oh, so this we said was step one. Whoops, where's step one? Did we lose step one? Oh, no, sorry. This is step one. So it's the unique process. So here, put pictures, put pictures of competitors. Just put visuals off this. So put visuals that represent this. So these are the words you said that you're going to do. What's a good visual? Put the words SEO, put a competitor. Put the category, size, whatever you do, take a deck that you've done for someone else. Take. Put just screenshots, like really easy. You just need a couple pictures of this, a couple more pictures here, a couple pictures here of what you actually do. Then. Oh, by the way, you do this then. By the way. Now we need results. So here is results. So here what you have to do is you have to do like that guy that had like the eight results.

Speaker A: The chart?

Speaker B: Yeah, the four charts. So just do four. Right? The guy had eight. Just do four charts. This we talked about. This we talked about. So bring this, you call if you want to bring these visuals in. So just bring this onto the pages. So this you're just going to repurpose those, right? So like you have the pages. So just move this stuff along. Then here. So now we said, where's your happy clients? Oops. Where'd your happy clients go? Oops. Okay, your results. Sorry. So then let's get started. Oh, here. Then there's the team. So just do a team with some pictures of the team. So that's kind of at the end, pictures. You just need a page on the team and then you need next steps. Let's get started. Do we have that deck from that guy? Did I? Oh, we didn't download the deck. Right. Do you remember the location of it? Let's go look at it quickly. It was. Do you remember the name of that third party guy?

Speaker A: I mean Deepak our.

Speaker B: No, the other guy. The other deck we had.

Speaker A: Oh, the Brand Hopper or something like that. Canva, I can send you the link again.

Speaker B: Did you download it?

Speaker A: No, we cannot download that. I think they have disabled that or something like that.

Speaker B: Okay, so right now all I would do right now is. You found it?

Speaker A: Yeah, here's the link in the chat.

Speaker B: So all I would do right now is just reorganize your pages in the next hour and then resend it to me. Now let's compare to him. Title page you put about us. Like later you have the about us later. So that's later. Okay, we do all this stuff. That's great. But everyone says they do all this stuff. Okay, we do this. Okay, great. Okay, we convert. Okay, we do this. Okay, you know, we do this stuff. Now he put examples, right? So all of these pages of him saying he does stuff is totally useless. Now he put examples and then results. So examples and results are the two important pages. And then his fees. And that's it. Right? So you need your fees. So here, let's get started. You should have like your, like your, your, your packages. You know, package one, so you know, for startup brands, Package two for whatever, you know, growth. A growth package. And you know, package threes accelerate whatever it is. Like you should have three packages and within the package there's kind of setup and then there's, you know, ongoing. And then just explain what your fees are. Right, like set up and ongoing. Like the formatting is a disaster on this PowerPoint. So I don't want to waste too much time. So you have startup brands, you have whatever your packages are right now. Just show me what you have. Just to save time. Like, show me what you have. But then usually you should have three packages and then you should just present them this way just because I gotta go. Yeah, so you should have three packages like they have right side by side. And it should be, you know, the name of the package. Let's say, you know, startup. It should kind of explain, you know, setup, fees and ongoing. And then you know what you get, like, you know, like bullet points of, like what you get, like the services. Bullet point of the services. So that's how usually you would see. And then the same, like you would see the packages summarized. So I think we have one. Like, I mean, there's millions. This is just. You're just in a service business. Let me just see if I just coach. Be interrupted on this. Let me see if you have it be interrupted. I don't know if it's on her page, but I coached her on this. They might have hidden their packages. Yeah, but this is the same, right? Like, look like. Okay, you know, look, watch a video. Videos versus audios is way better. These are all the logos. Hey, look, you get these services, like, right? It's the same as you. Like, okay, you get these services, you have access to the network, you'll get results, you'll get referral. Oh, here's a testimonial. Oh, we can do a testimonial. By the way. You'll have health care, blah, blah, blah, Pricing okay, so they hid pricing down here. So let's go look at pricing. Okay, so this is just. This is exactly what you need to do. Exactly this, right? Like, this is this. So this is pricing. And then you can Team goes, oh, result. Team can be just at the end, let's get pricing. So here you have your testimonials, right? So. Results and testimonials. So that's like your. That's kind of how you do a sales deck. And I just took a random. This is just someone who just launched. Like, I know her. Suzanne's on my board. So she just launched a new ecom product. But it's all the same. Like, the flow is always the same in pricing. And then this other stuff you don't like, you're not going to need. Like, this is extra stuff. Just build it in here. So then present, you're like, okay, you know, here's how you optimize. Look, I have all of these logos and clients. This is my. My proprietary advantage. I have a unique process. It goes over five points. So in your PowerPoint, you can spend a little bit more time on this. I have five steps. You know, on average it's four to, you know, like the first, you know, one to eight weeks, whatever it is. Like, your titles are really important. So week one and then you'll have, you know, week two and three, and then you'll have, you know, week four and five, whatever this is, then drive traffic. Week six, and then results, like, ongoing.

Speaker A: Right. So in the group, I believe they would want to attend because they want some answers, right? They have some needs. They.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Would you. Is this speech take. It's like selling my services. Trying to sell my services, right?

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: Will that be more helpful for them or would it be helpful if we gather their questions and I try to come up with the answers before the meeting? So they actually find it helpful?

Speaker B: No, because, like, the. It's kind of all over the place. You're just going to give general answers, right? It's kind of like me, like, give me answers. Like, I just show you this, right? Oh, hey, I just had, you know, listed my chocolates for four months and I had all these surprise costs and it didn't pay out. I lost, you know, $20,000. What are you going to answer to that? Right? Like, your answer is this. This is your answer. Like, because if. If you just do that, you're not going to. You're not gonna show how you're better or different. Let's see if we have Amazon Prep, like, You're just gonna kind of say, oh, I can answer some questions, but that's not what your pain point is. Thousands of agencies that do exactly that, they talk in the meeting. Talk, not charts. And then you start working and you don't know what, what's happening. Right. So there's no point to bring just an expert who doesn't have a pitch deck.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So here, this, they, these guys are minimum 5,000 and he's in the CPG market a lot. So his. So I'm not inviting him because he's not the right audience. Like he's going to see my post, he's going to say, hey, Susie can attend and I'm going to say no. Right, because your pricing is too high. So like he doesn't have his pricing here. Like this is pricing starting at 40 cents per item. What the heck is that?

Speaker A: It's not for Amazon marketing services for fulfillment and storage. Yeah, yeah. Their company is called Sequence for Amazon Marketing.

Speaker B: What's it called?

Speaker A: Sequence.

Speaker B: Okay, so here, right, he's fulfillment. Right? So he. What do you mean 40 cents per item fulfillment. But Amazon charges you the 350 on top of it, right?

Speaker A: Yeah, they, they are a third party. So three PL service here, I think they also store your products, right? You need to label them. They will do it for you and send it to Amazon. That's probably one option. And probably they can also help you do third party fulfillment.

Speaker B: Yeah, but that what happens here, right? So here like we need to add in here. You need to add the 3 PL so that $0.40 fits where you don't

Speaker A: need it all the time. Depends on your setup. So if you have your, I don't know where you will be storing your products. You may not need to use a 3PL service like theirs.

Speaker B: If you just ship it to Amazon. So you pay this $800, it leaves your 3PL and it goes to Amazon. You don't need a 3PL, right?

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: But if you do need it, like it's crazy, right? Like it can add up to a lot of money. So I would just say your best use of time right now is to get your pitch deck because everything else for the next five years will be around this. Like get, get a really good pitch deck. Get the right words and titles that you want to use, right? Step one is this. Like that's super important. And then when you're presenting, you just present the same. You always kind of use the same words, the same language. So, so that someone can kind of understand what you're Saying, and also if they hire you, you kind of said, like, look, this is what's going to happen, right? In the first week, this happens. In the second week, this happens. So I've had, like, thousands of agencies present me in my 30 years. Creative agencies, media agencies, SEO agencies, digital digital agencies, media agencies, digital media agencies. Like, thousands and thousands of. And they all have pitch decks. So your pitch deck has to have these steps. Like, it's. It's kind of mandatory. And that becomes your company plan. Right? Like, then we can do business planning. What? Like, everything's going to center. We can go back to, like, the business planning. Because then it's kind of like, okay, where are you making money? Right? We can do profitability per step. We can look at each of the steps. We can look at your team members, we can look at your results, right? Like, if you have this good deck, we can do business planning together. But without this deck, like, like, I need this to be able to give you good consulting, and you need this for, like, OGSM and growth and business planning. Like, it starts here. Like, this is 80%. It's just got to get written down. And that's why in our session so far, I was like, try. Like, this is what I wanted you to write. Like, what are your five steps? What are other things? Who are your results? Like, trying to organize it, like,

Speaker A: got it.

Speaker B: So.

Speaker A: We'll have to incorporate these things into the steps.

Speaker B: Yeah, you can put these kind of words, but a lot of it is just blah, blah, blah. Right? Like, I. Your audience needs to understand, what will you do? What will you. Cause what will they get? Repeat, repeat. So this is like, here is the most important page, and this is what we're going to do. As long as we're working together, we're going to do this. And then, you know, here's. Here's some examples of the first step takes about a week. You're going to get a PowerPoint and it's going to have pictures on it, right? Like, what are you going to do if someone starts paying you money? Just tell them, show them. Not tell them, show them. Show them what's going to happen. And if they pay you money next week, then you're going to develop the strategy. So you're going to have an Excel chart. You're going to say, hey, let's sign off on the budget, right? You're saying, we're going to agree to the budget. Show them. This is a good example. You can use my budget. Like, I won't say it's my Budget. Like just, hey, we're going to sign off on the budget. Then you're allowed to spend the 40%, the 35% because you've signed off on the budget. Then I'm going to do the listings. That's super easy. Take any pictures of Amazon and put that on there. Then I'm going to drive traffic. This is super easy. Just put logos and pictures. Then this is the scorecard. This is super important. So the three important pages for someone to compare you to another agency is this, this and scorecard. Because everyone can do everything else, right? There's thousands of listings up here on Amazon. Like thousands. Everyone can do listings. And it's like $500 or $2000. It's like my website right now, right. I'm trying to find people to do my website. Like, oh, my God, like there's some guys charging a hundred dollars or some guys charging 5,000, $20,000.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: I'm an RFP and I'm like, okay, well, show me. So I have to go again. I'm gonna leave you this. You have to resend me this, though. You have to populate it. Try to. If you can use Gamma, great. But I wouldn't. I would send me the data. Oh, where is it? Didn't we save it in downloads?

Speaker A: Could you please send me the two files? Both of these files again?

Speaker B: Yeah, one sec. Where is it? I'm going to send them on. I'm going to send them on LinkedIn because then we have them. Okay, here, so let me. So I'm going to send you these two. So first step is put. Oh, put content. Like put pictures and content when it's looking nearly good. Then we, you know, you can go to Gamma. Like, I agree. I also found Gamma and all my AI and I did TikTok research because I was trying to figure this out for my consulting. Gamma comes back as like the best option. But I don't want to waste time on a Sunday to figure it out. You had it. We opened one up right here. So and I opened up this pitch deck here.

Speaker A: You are not sharing your screen, by the way.

Speaker B: Oh, okay, here, let me reshare. So I did one Gamma because I had it open already. So I just went here. You can see my screen, right?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: To this template here, this guy here. And I picked sales presentation. Sales deck. I pitched sales deck. I did sales deck. So this is sales deck. So cover, pay. Where's page one? Okay, that's bad. Let's go to sales presentation. Okay. Sales presentation, Applied logistics. So this Is, you know, your company. Okay, introductions. Yeah, you can move it, right? Comprehensive service. Right. Like you can. I don't know how it works. If you have, if you have a PowerPoint,

Speaker A: you can feed it to Gamma.

Speaker B: Okay, I tried to do that and it didn't work. So show me how. When you figure that out, like today or tomorrow, show me how that works. So you have a template. How do you feed it?

Speaker A: How do you, you can upload it. It's not here. You have to go back to the homepage.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: And you can go to the homepage. It's the templates page

Speaker B: here.

Speaker A: You know what, how would I do this? I'll send you a video on it.

Speaker B: Yeah, or here.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. So create new. The first one. Yes. And then you can upload it here. Import file or URL. The last option.

Speaker B: I remember, I did that here, we'll try it. Okay, so let's just see. Okay, we'll try. It didn't work. So I just kind of said, okay, I'm gonna.

Speaker A: It takes a bit of trial and error. What instructions and what options will work best for you.

Speaker B: Let's see, let's see. Okay, let's see if it works.

Speaker A: So transform content, you have different options. You see visual imports. Up to you if you want to select that. Anyway, let's see.

Speaker B: We'll transform it because we want it to adapt. Okay.

Speaker A: And then on the left we have. Yeah,

Speaker B: okay. Okay, okay. So this is your job. Right. Like right now. Okay, so all the. So do that. But what I would say. So I'm gonna send me the PowerPoint and PowerPoint before doing gamma.

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker B: Just because I can edit, like I help edit it. I can, you know, fix the layout. Your presentation is all about like, this is why, like it's literally eight minutes. This is why we're a kick ass agency and you want to give them enough that they're like, oh, wait a minute, this looks really good. Right. You want to give them enough and then they want to know. Because if not, it gets mayhem. Well, wait a minute, how much is it for me? Right? People will jump to, okay, wait, well what do I get for my $800, right? Like it's. You can't you lose entire control of the conversation. If want, we can offer a follow up and say we'll do a case study next time.

Speaker A: Okay, but.

Speaker B: And the case study would be, here's the pre work, here's the mandate. And then you would take this presentation and you would do a free onboarding if you want, but not in the first session. Like in the first session, just use your standard pitch and then we can say like, if you want, you can do. We call it a dry run.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Now I'm going to take, you know, Susie's hot chocolate and I'm going to show you what it actually looks like. But that's, you know, free work. You don't really need to do that. Like, this deck is your pitch deck. And get this deck updated. I can see what it is. Then I can help you with your company growth plan. Right. Because this deck is 80% of your company's strategic plan.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Like once it's updated, so then it's easier to do growth plans. Okie doke.

Speaker A: Understand? Can I ask one question before you go?

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: Who the people who are going to attend, do you think they're just going to get started or do they have some revenue on Amazon?

Speaker B: Most of them. Like, William has $10 million of revenue, so he's gonna probably sit in and be a bit of an ass. Like. But everyone else is kind of like me. Right. I had 200,000 in Canada for love. Good fast. 200,000 US I'm helping a client confidentially. Three farmers. She has also 200 Canadian. 200 US and I'm. She's hired me to do CMO consulting. It's not public, so I'm just telling you that. So there's. There are brands like that and then there. But the majority on Wednesday will be just. Okay. You know your pain points were correct, right? I tried. I spent a bit of money. The consultant disappeared. The listings were crap. Then, you know, then we didn't get any revenue. You might have come Lavi. Like come. Lavie has his. He does everything himself. So you might have a couple of people that do everything themselves. So let me just show you. So Dojibi,

Speaker A: William's brand, by the way, looks very interesting. And yeah, probably I would love to just have a conversation with him at some point.

Speaker B: Yeah, like offline. I just don't want him to. So this brand, he set everything up himself and he's making money on it.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And then the other person who said everything else, so then she Pleasure pods is the, the Patel guy. There's a few brands that set everything up themselves. I don't remember. With Zuli for her tiara. I don't know who she used to Tiara deodorant. I don't remember. But I'm also probably like, I'm going to do the post tomorrow morning, so we'll probably have other people attending. Right. So I don't know who she used, but she paid someone, so Zulie paid so she might attend. So it's 20 bucks. I think she's 16 in the stores.

Speaker A: Okay. It'll be interesting.

Speaker B: Yeah. But first, I mean, the reason you hired me is to help. Like, your pitch deck. It took us a bit longer to get there, but now it's forcing us. Like, your pitch deck is what you need to get going, because then, you know, then I can introduce you to brands, etc. Etc. Right. Like, but if I don't. And I can even try you out instead of Matt. But we all need to know your pitch deck.

Speaker A: Sure. All right, Sounds good. Thank you so much. Bye.

