Transcript for: Recording__880.mp4
Title: Recording #880
============================================================

Okay, that's good. I mean, you could have told me that. Well, we could have delayed it for a few days. No, no, no. We haven't been on a call for a while. So I think it's important that we go on this call. And plus, I did. Thanks for letting me know, like, what you wanted to cover because it gave me a bit of time to prepare and. Yeah, we'll go. I'll definitely go over some stuff. But before I go into it, like, how are the DMs going and stuff like that. Well, you know what? I have done a little bit of everything, but I'm not consistent with any of those. So I have done a lot, by the way, I'll give you. I mean, I'm not doing the things that I'm supposed to do, but let me tell you what I've done so far. So, first of all, remember, we scraped profiles, a lot of them, almost 30 of them. And then we're supposed to categorize or summarize the topics for each. At least the top 20 I that I did for some, right? Three or five, three or four. But even doing summarizing 20, I don't know, I need time. It was taking time, 40, 50 minutes for each. Now I was thinking, how would I, you know, do what. How can I do to make it even easier and summarize it? So I was thinking of using a chatgpt with that. So I have a friend who can code and all. So he created a system using ChatGPT API that can literally take every content and then summarize it in the way I want to summarize. I give those instructions. So I figured that part out. That is done. So I can literally. I have summarized some of them using that system. It's. It's really good. I like the output. That part is figured out. And second was, I'm not sure what's happening to my screen right now. It's flickering. But anyway, second was the connection request. And I asked you one question about how I can build a list. The thing is, I had some very, very interesting list of companies. One was I attended one event at chf. Now it happens twice a year in Canada. One in Toronto, another one in Vancouver. I attended the one here. And I could scrape the list of attendees who attended the event. And this event is only about CPG companies. That is it. So, yes, there are service providers too, but most of them are CPG brands. Who wants to meet retailers? So I had this list. Along with that, I also used a software called Smart Scout to download all the Amazon sellers in the US and Canada in my category. So groceries or dietary supplements, these two categories mostly, and personal care products. So and because I had that list, the first thing I did was using Phantom Buster to get the LinkedIn company profiles. And it also scrapes the descriptions. Now it doesn't. It does a lot of mistakes. I would say probably 60% of them are correct. I mean, the leaks that it gets. So again, I created a system with ChatGPT API that would read the description and then decide whether it's a CPG company or not. So I had that list, I had filtered out that list and then I was like, okay, so how do I use this list on Sales Navigator to filter the people who works there on these companies? And turned out LinkedIn. I mean, sales navigator has a three plans, I think for sales navigator, right? One, core, advanced and advanced plus. So I needed to upgrade to the Advanced one. And if you do that, it lets you upload your book of companies. So basically an Excel file with the company names and if you have the LinkedIn links, company links, it lets you upload that. So I figured that part. And if you would create the list, then you can also go to the Leads filter page, select this list that you uploaded, and then based on that, you can apply all the filters that you want to apply. So now I basically have created three lists using those companies and I have automated that connection request. I mean, sending out the connection request process with Linked Helper that is going really well because these people are the most relevant ones I can connect with. Yeah. So this is what I have done. These took some time, but name. I think my weakness is. Look, I. My strength is analytical creating systems. This is my strength. The weakness is writing stuff. The creative stuff I can write. It takes a lot of time. DM outreach is something that I can also do and I think I can also automate that part. What I have to do is I have to make relevant list of relevant people. Right. If I think that I need to approach. For now we are focusing on only ICPs. I can make a list of those people, add them to the lead list, and then use Linked Helper to deliver same kind of message because they will be similar. And if I have to reach out to some service provider which we are not focusing on, then it will be a different kind of message that I can probably create another list and then automate that process too. This is what I, what I'm thinking right now. But writing something and then being consistent with that is where I'm. Yeah, it's a bit of a challenge. The how to content, that is also something I can do. Personal content. I have started understanding and observing what people in my space are writing about. It's not the kind of stuff. Okay, when I was 27, this is how I began. Not this kind of stuff. They are mostly writing about their stories in their agency, how they got into the business and all those stuff. So I have started. It's not like everything's clear in my mind. Sometimes some ideas will pop up. Probably I should note them down immediately. But anyway, so this is where I am. I have started grasping the idea of those tofu contents that I have never posted so far. Yeah, yeah. I mean, even with that's good, that's good stuff that you've done, I feel like it's gonna help, definitely for sure. Especially the, with the lists and getting multiple people in the companies that you want to reach out to. That's all very, very good stuff. So, yeah, it's definitely helpful. When it comes to the content, it is difficult because I can't like automatically make you faster. It's one of those ones where it's difficult for me because I can't make you faster. Like, I can give you, like, even if I give you a template or something, it's not, you know, that's not going to solve the problem because you know that now you can use chat GBT to take a post and turn it into a template. You can probably, you're probably smart enough to already do that because you can't do that. Let's just say you had a post that you like, you could get, you could actually get Chat GPT turn into a template and then you kind of fill in the blanks. And I guess that can make it faster. But in general, it's just writing. And even with me, even someone who like is experienced, sometimes it can take me longer than I like. Sometimes I don't feel inspired. Like, sometimes I just don't feel inspired. And sometimes easy, sometimes a bit harder. It's more about like time blocking and, and that's why I say with you, like, don't, don't try and do seven posts a week or five posts a week. Like if it do three, like that's solid to start with. And once you get more results with it, like once you start getting a client and then another client, then your confidence in the thing will increase. Then you can kind of do more like you naturally want to do more. But for now, just stick to three that you can but in terms of the messaging, as you said, you got multiple people in each company, which is really, really good. So like when it comes to your sick world, the outreach. One second. Hopefully this goes to the right page. So this is just something I just quickly wrote up for you. So obviously you're going to send the dm. So your DM is. It's like something like have a system that can do xyz, right? I can't remember exactly, but you know the thing. Are you going to do it for free? No. Can I do it for free? Okay. Next time. Yeah. Oh, no, I was just wondering if it's a free thing or not. Okay, that's cool. But okay. It's a very low value thing, by the way. Yeah, it's a low value. Yeah, I knew it was like a low value product, but I couldn't remember if it was like it's like 150, let's say. Okay, cool. Okay, cool. If it's cheap, then that's good because we can still use that. Because the whole point of it is something that just to get you in. Some people like instead of if it's too much to do for free, then obviously you can't do it for free. But what the kind of mindset around it is like you just want a pick to pick one part, like just one small problem and fix that for either free or cheap. So you can get into the organization. So you send a message. I feel like I just remember the call to action that you had in that DM wasn't. I didn't like it. I didn't think it was the best. Okay, all right, I can read it right now. Let me just pull it up. It's the one where you said something about the. The team. Yes, it was. Hey, Alex, I have a system that can fix suppressed listings on Amazon and 10 other listing related issues in under five days. Will someone in your ecommerce team be interested? Yeah, so I'll probably say. I'll say this. The same meaning. The same meaning, just a different word. So like. So like, I'm not saying this is perfect, but anyone in your. Anyone in the. The ecom team. This could help or something along those lines. But basically the. The same meaning but different. Slightly different wording. I'm not saying this necessarily, but I just feel like reading could have been better. A bit better. What do you think is lacking in that call to action? Say it again. What is lacking in that call to action? No, no, say what it was again. Oh, okay. Will someone in your e Commerce team be interested. It's just the way it's worded just doesn't sound that casual. I feel like it could just be a bit more casual. I'd say. Okay. But yeah, it's just, it's just from all of the call to actions that I've seen or used, I just don't think it's as good as it could be. Well, another one that I sent was, do you know anyone who may benefit from it? Yeah, I mean the thing is I, I'd say carry on with the team thing because what you're trying to do is if they don't have much power, you want them to connect you to someone that has power. And then if they do have. Yeah. In this case, what's happening is these people are really on the top, so they may not directly handle these things. That's what is happening. Someone below them is probably handling these things or probably will also make a direct decision about this kind of stuff. Yeah. So if it's someone that's like a decision maker, you can, you can be more direct. It's like, is this something that could like instead of them connecting you to someone, you ask them if they want the thing. So it's like, for example, let's just say I was, you're the decision maker. I could be like, it's something that could be helpful for you. Or is this something that you'd be interested in? Like you. But if it's someone who's just part of a team, let's say a marketing manager, you could be like, do you know anyone who could benefit from this? Like, that's not even a bad thing. Or it's like, is this something the eco team at company name could benefit from? Basically the mindset around is if they're a decision maker, you, you talk straight to them. And if they're not a decision maker, you kind of understand that they're not a decision maker. So you just want them to maybe connect you to someone. Because if your thing is very valuable and they're an employee, maybe they'll think, oh, like maybe my manager, maybe someone. Maybe this would actually be helpful. Like I might just put this in a Slack chat or something. Yeah, okay. Okay. Another thing is how do I lead the conversation and my purpose is to convert on it. Right. Or there may be two things. One is it may convert right now. Another thing is if it doesn't convert right now, how do I stay in touch? And I think that all these, all of these people could be my client at some point. Because they're just so much relevant. They just need to know more about what I do, what I have done, what I can do for them. That's what I think. Another thing, another thing I test is basically, this is going to take you way more time, but it might get you way better results. So you just want to test it. Or you might want to do maybe just a handful of these a day. It's basically either a voice note or a video message. So it's basically the exact script, right? That exact kind of script. But because you have to think about it like how, especially if you want to build a relationship and you want them to really like you always. Because I'm not saying they're not going to like you if you send them a message because it's still a good message, it's still valuable. But if you. Let's just say you took that script and you're like, hey X, love your. Loved your last post. And you're doing, not doing it by text, you're doing it by your voice or like you're recording yourself just walking or something. So it's like, hey, X, loved your last person. Or like we've been connected for a bit or whatever, some kind of introduction. I'm not going to waste too much of your time. I have a system that blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Just wondering if you'd be interested in it. Is this something that could help you? We love to chat. Boom. And then do that. But that's something you can test as well. So I'll test text and I'll test video. Because the thing with video is you can personalize it and you can say more words without the text being massive. That's the good thing about video is sometimes you want to say more stuff in the message. But if you say too much, the text is going to be so long. But with a video, you can naturally say a few things, you can naturally compliment them. You can naturally say, I don't want to waste too much of your time. I have this thing, you can say a few things basically without the video being too long. It can still be, you know, 30, 40 seconds and you can say quite a lot of stuff in that. But anyways, let's just say you get a positive response. I'd say qualify first. You might not necessarily need this if you already have done this work. But generally speaking, you want to qualify somewhat because you don't want to waste your time. Waste their time. So it's be like, oh, before I send over more details, you can play with this text. But before I send them more details, our system works best with brands that are xyz. So like, I don't know, like they, they sell this, they're over this amount of revenue and this, you want them to basically you want them to fit that criteria. And then when you ask them, does X fit that criteria? You want them to say, yeah, yeah, we do. That way you come across professional as well, but you're just making sure these people are relevant. And then I wasn't sure again if it was free or not. But then at that point you basically want to move them on to the next step, which because it's paid, it would be a call. Right. Sorry, what was that? So at this point I think I, I think you can just move them on to the next step which would be to like, I'd probably try and get. They get them to jump on a call. At this point it's not worth a call. Do you think we should do that? We can do that. Oh no, no, it doesn't, it just, it just depends. I don't know what information you'd need and stuff. So that's why I have it down here. I think I wrote it. I just don't know what. 10 minute call would be good. I mean that will probably also help us build this rapport. That will. Yeah, exactly. Look here as right here it's. Are you free to jump on a quick 15 minute call this week? It's always short calls. Like the first call you have with anyone's always a short call, 10, 15 minutes. If it goes over that because it's going well, then that's fine. But you, you. I always, when I get on quick calls with people, the first call, I always say like 15 minute chat or something like that. 10 minute chat. Because they still need to learn a bit more like about how it works and stuff like that. So like, so let's just say they say, yeah, we fit the criteria. They say, yeah, that's. That sounds like us, blah, blah, blah. So, and then I'd move them onto a call and again I would have to play with this because I didn't. I couldn't remember if it was free or not. So let me just remember this is okay. Awesome. So as mentioned, I hope you do X and Y. No, we'd have to change this. I would help you do x. Help you x. So you can. Yeah. So far I have sent this to 10 people. I have got three responses. All of them are rejections. And the thing is they are not working in the brand, they are kind of like a service provider. That's what I've got so far. Yeah, fair. I mean 10, 10 is not enough to get like a proper, proper understanding. But I'd say once you send like 30 messages to the right people, you'd get a bit more understanding of if it works or not. Then if, if you feel like, how many am I supposed to send every day? There's no like correct number, but I'd say as many as you can. Really? Like how many? Limit. There is no limit. Oh, what do you mean no limit? As in like technically there is a limit. Yeah, you can get banned. But I mean when I say there's no limit, I mean like how many can you do? Do you know what I mean? That's another thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But I'd say a good number is like if you're doing a video, I'd say a good number is 5 to 10 because they take a bit longer. And if you're doing text 10. Okay, but obviously the more you do like let's just say you do 20 a day, you're going to get a better day or you're going to know like if it's working and stuff. But let me just play with this. There's no like exact text, right? There's no exact template. As you can see. I'm like make, I'm like thinking about on the spot. I'm not taking it from somewhere because there's no like exact thing. But essentially at that point I'd try and move them to a call and just make it like an easy yes, like not like a sales call, anything that it's just a jump 15 minute call this week basically. And I, I would, I'll play with this text. So I'll send this doc to you about improve this text as well. But essentially it's like send the DMS get quickly. If they get a positive response, qualify them and then move them to a quick call and you'll probably get a pricing. You probably get pricing. Like people might ask you for pricing. Yeah, I think I'll clarify that. I think. How about I clarify that in the DMS that this is going to be $150 if that sounds good. Yeah, this, this could be. This could. This you could actually mention here. Okay, awesome. So as mentioned, I'll help you do X so you can do Y. You can even mention the cost here. The cost, Honestly, like I don't want to write something here right now, but you can mention the price here. You can mention some proof here as well, but essentially just adding some. All the details that they need. And then if it all sounds good, are you free to jump on a 15 minute call this week? If you add everything here and they say yes, that's like pretty much. And they get on that call, you're probably going to close them, which is good. Yeah. And so like follow up. So once you get a response, like, so if you don't get a response to this. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about if you. Because the main place where you can follow up aggressively is if you. They've given you a response somewhere because then they've shown you that they are interested at least because they've responded to stuff. So let's just say they respond to this, then they drop out. Or they respond to this, then they drop out. I'd follow up. So for example, like your follow up one could be like, name, I know life gets busy. Better time to continue the conversation. This works very, very well because it's quite easy, but a time to continue conversation. And then if they still don't respond to that, it's like, name, mind me following up on this. And again, like you, if you have a good offer, which you do, you have pretty good offer. Some, a lot of the time they're not going to mind you following up. They're going to be like, you know what, thank you for following up. I'll book for now. Yeah, it happens. I mean. And do you mean this follow up should be once they respond or do you want me to follow up even if they don't respond for the, to the first message. So with the first message. But these ones are specific. For example, these ones are specific for when they drop out, not when they don't respond. Because as like, this wouldn't make sense, for example, if it wouldn't make sense. So this one you could do if they don't respond to the first one, but like to the initial message. But after the initial message, I'd only respond, do one follow up. Like I wouldn't resp. I wouldn't follow up loads of times to the initial message. You just. I'd follow up more when they drop out because then they showed some interest. Yeah. So. And then one thing that you've noticed as well, especially if you're doing like good dms, people are not going to be like, go and die. Like, they're not gonna be angry at you, but they will be like, you know what? Some people will like, even sometimes, even if you do a good dm. They will, but they will. A lot of people will be like, like, cool DM and stuff, but I'm just not interested right now. But so, like, I'd probably just go for a referral at that point. Especially because this offer is, is valuable. If they see the value in it, but they don't need it, maybe they will know someone that actually will see the value in it. So it's like, okay, no worries. Just stay in touch. In the meantime, do you have any contacts you think would benefit from X? Would really appreciate you making an intro. Here are some case studies of other companies who worked with. So you know we're legit. Something along those lines. Maybe this could even go to your service page. You know that services page that you have this link so if they click it, they see some case studies. I'd probably do that because maybe it won't work a lot of the time, but maybe if you send this message five times, the fifth time you get a nice introduction to like a big company, you know, so it's worth asking. Like, if you never ask, then you're not going to get it. Yeah. And do you suggest that I send this kind of message because they responded, I don't need it. Do you suggest that I send similar messages multiple times? What, to the same person? Yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Okay. No, no, because. Because I wouldn't do that. Because that could be annoying. Yeah, yeah, because you don't want to be annoying. Like, because obviously, like, there's a way to do DMs that's just not annoying. Like, for example, like I would say test, test in the video form. I'd say like send 30 at least of the normal message. And then if it's not getting the response that you want, I definitely try it in the video form or a voice note form. And then one of these will definitely do way better. Like one of these will 100 work. And I'd say these are like the least annoying. The video is probably the most impressive one, but it takes the longest time. But essentially, like, you just want to be very valuable in the DMS and you don't. You want to try and not be annoying, basically. So that's why you don't like, follow up like crazy to the first message if they don't respond. I get that. Yeah. The thing is, with today's thing technologies and all, even the video can be customized if I just. Yeah, but, but, but you can. But the thing is that the people that automate stuff Will. They'll always get worse results. Because the whole point of you doing the video is you have to say something in that video which is humanized. Yes. So like, let's just say you do the video. Let's just say you're saying the video and then in the last second you could say something like, by the way, I love that thing on your banner. Or like, by the way, I love. By the way, I loved your last post on X on you going to Spain. It's my favorite. You just have a line in there or something where it's like, this is definitely it. Like, not AI because people will get. The more people do AI videos, the less they're going to work. But then the, the AI videos are always going to be worse. I understand. Yeah, yeah. It's like the AI content. You can do AI content, but it's always going to be a little bit worse. So. Right, okay, that's all right. So let me talk about some examples. So I gave you yesterday's screenshot. Right now, you see, this person is very relevant. He works with CPG companies and he hires Amazon specialists. That's what he said that when he needs. So very, very relevant. And he said he has his products on Amazon now. What do I do from here? If I just say let's stay in touch or something like that, I'm just not doing anything about it. So I'm thinking, would it be better if we have a way of connecting from here? Or should I ask what kind of products does he sell on Amazon? How is that going? Like something that he would care, something he would entertain. I don't want to be invasive in that way. Yeah. So I feel like when you, when you, you should leave it for like a couple of days and then make him some kind of like irresistible offer. From what he told you, though, like if you, if you gathered something from what he told you or you did some research on his. I don't know how much you know about him, but if you did research on his Amazon store or like, or research on something he's doing or project he's working on and then you come back to him like three days later is like, hey, Mark, lovely speaking to you. A couple days ago, I actually went back and did a bit of research and I noticed xyz, I could actually help you do XYZ and whatever and make him some kind of offer that's very thingy to him, specific to him, but it's irresistible. So I'd either do it for like low, like low price. And I'd mentioned the low price or I do it for free. But obviously like doing it for free. You'd only do it for free if like this person can potentially give you a lot of money in the future, basically or like refer to you a lot of people. So if you feel like he's that kind of person, then maybe even mention it for. I can do it for you for free. Like if you find like a small problem that they have or something, a solution that you can offer them, like just, just follow up. A few days later I'll be like, hey man, I thought of you back and did some research. So super specific, super specific. He's like, wow, this person did their research. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, I'll try that. And then another person, she. I sent a message, I said, hi Julie, I have a system that can fix. And then, I mean, do you know anyone who may benefit from it? That was my cta and then she responded. I do not, unfortunately. I mean, fair enough, I guess. Yeah. I mean it is what is lucky. There will be people that just don't like, for example, like a lot of the messages like I get, some of them are really bad. So. And then they'll be like, do you need 10 to 50, 10 to fit? Do you want an extra 50 leads this month? And then if I say no to that, they're probably going to think in what you don't want 50 leads? Who doesn't want 50 leads? But it's just like I just don't, I just don't want that. Right. Like it's like I'm just not your ideal client right now, you know, so sometimes even if you give like a very irresistible offer, like people, not everyone's going to want it. Basically. Yeah, no, I need to also about the offer. I think there could be better offers that are not being solved by many agencies in the CPG space with retail media. And I also need to learn about that. Probably in the future I'll come up with better offers. This for now is what I can do. I have capability for, but I. In order to differentiate. I mean it would really different. I'll. It will be, it'll happen automatically on its own if I just learn more about my audience, my ICP and the kind of problems that they're trying to solve. I could give you one example. The other day, a CEO of a company, he sells their products at Costco. Now Costco sometimes would take out some SKUs because they don't want to continue selling that. But that has been selling almost 25,000 units a month so far. Now what happens to those customers once that SKU is taken out? The CEO's question was maybe, I mean I was, I mean he thinks that it would probably be very valuable if he can somehow draw most of those customers online. How can he do that right offline to online? How can he solve that problem? Then he asked for us for suggestions. So if someone can solve this kind of problem that genuinely CPG brands generally have, that would probably be pretty valuable. Yeah. So what you just said there, that kind of storyline, right, is what you can do very well with video. So let's just say you did, you, there's this company and you did some research about them and then you're like, hey man, I noticed that in, I know in this report that I read that Amazon took down 25, 000 products of, you know, Costco, whatever it was called, and it might be affecting your revenue, blah blah, blah, right now actually have a solution for it which can help you drive, you know, as you said, you know, like whatever it is, like you can kind of have that storyline there and then have the call to action with the video. And that's the kind of difference between like when you have those opportunities to do like very specific kind of outreach that will stand out. Because if someone, if the CEO then sees your voice, sees that message from you and watches that video, he's gonna be like, okay, cool, now this is some good outreach right there, right? Yeah. But the cool thing is there's lots of opportunities for you. So you can like, you have a lot of opportunities to keep testing and something will definitely work and once it does, you're going to be making a lot of money. Right. Okay, so that is, did you have anything else to cover for the DM strategy? No, I think this is good. I think this is all right. But when it comes, when it goes on a tangent, like just be human, like just be helpful and like, do you know what I mean? Like you don't need crazy frameworks. Just be empathetic. Don't be like super salesy. Just be empathetic, be valuable. And then when you see an opportunity, like for example, they tell you that they're struggling with something, use that as like a bit of leverage. Like, look like I noticed that you're, you told me that you're going through this pain actually helped X company maybe overcome this pain or maybe it's like this is something that I could potentially help you with. Is it worth jumping on a 50 minute call to discuss like, but in general you're adding value and stuff like that. But when you do try and find the pain as well in a natural way. And when you do find a pain, just leverage that and be like, look like I might be able to actually help you with this pain. Is it worth jumping on a 15 minute call to discuss it? And then a lot of the time if you've, if I've gone back and forth with you on something and then you make me that offer because I've already opened up to you. Like if, if you make me that offers, even if, like, it's very unlikely that I'm gonna be like, no, I'm gonna be like, you know what, why not? Let's get on a call, you know? Yeah, yeah, so yeah, okay. And you know what I wanted to ask you. Of course I need to be more consistent with the content, but I also, you also told me that it's not the end all, be all. There are more things that you can do with content. So what is the, how does it look like? How does the path look like for me in the long run? And do you think we will be. I mean, I just want to know what we need to do in the future. So again, I wouldn't worry too much about the future, but what I would say is like, because when it comes to content, content's sick. Because when you, when you, it improves the results of your outbound, but it just brings people in. Like once you, once you have good content and you have a brand, like that same person that you think is a good lead, he's going to reach out to you and he's going to be like, hey, I'm interested in working with you. Like, that's very good. Because it's way easier to sell them because they're saying I'm interested. Like I've been watch, I've seen your content for two months, loving what you write. You're better than all these guys. They're chatting rubbish and then once they, you get on a call with them, it's just easy. So that's why content's so powerful and that's why you should definitely like practice the skill of content. Because you can be doing this for the next 10 years. Like you, like in 10 years time you could have five years time you could have a big YouTube channel or something. So it's definitely worth just continuing, just practicing the skill of it. But as of right now, it's more of a supplementary thing like your outreach. I say cracking outreach is more important and Then just having that content there. So you're practicing. And also your, your account looks active, like you, like people go in it and they can read a bit of your content and stuff. That's true. Yeah. No, you're going to say something, I'll let you finish. No, no, I'm done, I'm done. I was saying I have seen two examples in my niche who, where the agencies posted their content and the clients commented that they want to talk. It's like no way. Yeah. So one of the. I told you about Cartograph that is very similar to mine. They also work with CPG companies. They posted one guideline regarding what it takes to be compliant on Amazon for dietary supplements. 7 page PDF and someone commented, looked like he's very established, said he knows he's a friend of Hooverman. Now I'm not sure if he's talking about Andrew Hooverman. It could be huge. Now he reached out and another example was where this person was solving a problem that is regarding TikTok ads but for Amazon sellers. So right now in only US based sellers can sell on TikTok shop. Outsiders cannot. Now he has come up with a solution so that the people who are not based in the US can also sell on TikTok shop. So that is really creative. When I read it hasn't been, it was not very long since he posted. I saw two to three comments who are interested in talking with him because he posted that. Yeah. I mean and that's what will happen like if you, if you become like a big player in your niche. Like let's like all of these people you're connecting to, let's just say in a year or two years or whatever you have now 3,000 of these people, 4,000 of these people and you're putting out really good content, valuable content. They're seeing it like every time you post you're getting you know, 3,000 impressions, 4,000 impressions. Like that's real people that are seeing your content and like if you're putting out good stuff they're gonna, they're gonna come out and they're gonna like be like look, so I'm interested in chatting to you. Let's get on a call. That's. Yeah. And that takes a bit of time and it's worth developing that skill because that's, it's, it's basically ads but it's free so it's good. You know. Now something that I have noticed, most of the people in my space, they would publish content but they're so tactical. So how to optimize the title of a listing or how to do SEO. Five things you need to do in order to do that, like this kind of thing. So it's very tactical and if you talk about tactical stuff, it will mostly draw the people who do that kind of stuff, the tactical stuff. So that could be other service providers, freelancers, that could be people who are probably working in E commerce, let's say coordinator, E commerce specialist, role in other companies. Those are the people these kind of content draws in. And also I feel whenever they do giveaways with this kind of stuff, it's mostly the freelancers or other people who are providing these services, service providers, basically those are the people who are commenting on those posts. That's why you see this huge engagement. But the end result will not be that good. So in this case, for example, the kind of content you post that is very relevant for people like me. Right. That is the result I want. But also you have this, you have your peers who are also engaging with the content. Yeah. Now I think if I could really understand the kind of things that will really draw attention from the, the Directors or the VPs or the CEOs or CMOs or Director of growth, that is the kind of content, if I could do something that would be lucrative for them, that would be more valuable. So for example, one problem was in both cases, one was regarding the policies, what it takes to be compliant on Amazon. Very basic stuff, by the way, Very, very basic stuff. But still that. Well, it seems like the compliance and everything how to get started on Amazon, even if they're established brands, they didn't get started with Amazon and they probably had trouble when they tried. Probably it may draw attention of those directors or the VPs, whoever is involved in E commerce. And at the same time it's a big deal that someone solved a problem. Like I mean non US residents can also participate in TikTok shop. So those are the. I mean I'm just trying to figure out, I don't have a clear idea of what kind of things I need to talk about in my space that will draw their attention because most of the people I follow, they don't talk about Amazon. Yes, they are aware that Amazon is important, but they don't talk about Amazon. They would probably share. Well this is what happened today and they launched this SKU across these many stores in the us. They will share some stories about other things. So this is what they do, generally talk about Amazon. I don't know if I could explain the problem to you. Yeah, it makes sense. So like, basically you just kind of, you can say like one second, just give me one second. Yeah, so you basically. So like the main thing that will, that will straightaway attract clients is like results based stuff. Because for example, let's just say someone does SEO, like they don't like, generally speaking, like founders don't care about SEO, they care about the results that you've gotten through SEO. So focusing a lot more on results. So those are like the bottom of funnel post, like case studies, testimonials and like you don't need to be like super salesy case studies. It's just always mentioning like stuff you've done and the results that you've gotten. And even when you're, even when you're doing something educational, you're still finding a way to connect it to like revenue. So it's like, so you're not always talking about like, let's just say, I don't know, SKUs or something. Like it's like, here's how we, here's how I changed x amount of SKUs and how it impacted revenue or something. Like you're always like connecting it. So even if you're doing educational stuff, sometimes you can break the rule and just do something educational. But even when you're doing educational stuff, you're always connecting it to like what would a founder want to hear from this? So it's not just purely educational. Even if it's like two lines or even if it's a carousel, it's just one page of the carousel is just you're connecting it to now the results that you got and you're name dropping a little bit and you're talking about the revenue that you want, how many clients that you've worked with. Like you're always kind of posturing a little bit where it's like, I've worked with X clients. This led to this, the impact that I had on this over the last six months, over the last six months of implementing the above, we managed to achieve this. So it's always adding a line or two, even in the educational posts that can be in the hook, it can be in the bottom, it can be in the middle. You're always adding it where like if a founder reads this, he'll be like, oh, okay, this person's doing. This person's actually legit. So that's like how you make your middle of funnel posts more, more like attractive to founders. You always attach it to results and you talk about, you find a way, like some kind of way Even if it's just a line where you can flex a little bit. And then also bottom of funnel post, where it's like, in the last six months, we helped X achieve X and then it's like, here's how we did it. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. So those are like the more basic, like, very straightforward and they work as well. Like, when I post stuff like that, it's more likely that someone's gonna see that and be like, okay, let me just reach out to this guy. He might be. So those are like the main ways. And then some of the posts. Yeah, maybe they'll just be for your peers. Yeah, that's okay too, if it's going to help you get reach and stuff. Right. Okay, let's see if I had anything else on my list. So name something that I wanted to ask is. See, it's. Am I the worst student you've ever had, by the way? Well, I wouldn't say you're the worst because a lot of people give up, actually. They get on like one call, they pay me. They get on one call and then they just stop coming. Like, there's people like that as well, because sometimes people buy something because. But they're not really built. They don't have the courage for it, you know? So I wouldn't say you're the worst, but I'd just say you could just. There's a thing like, you know this yourself. Like, you even said, like, I've been working hard, but on things, other things. Like, you know what I mean? Like, they're not. Like, if, if you always work hard on other things, it's. You're not going to get the result you want. You need to work hard on, like, the things that make money, basically. But I think that's something you're going to learn. Like, everyone learns that, like, eventually you're gonna have to do it basically. And I'm sure you will. Right? Yeah, I'd say. I'd say that's your. I'd say that's your main thing that you need to work on, like focusing. Like, what are the two, three things or even four things that like make are going to literally lead to revenue. Like, I know if I do these things every single day, they're gonna make me money and then blocking out time to do prioritize those things rather than everything else and only do everything else once you've done these things. Yeah, right. That makes sense. Our agreement is three months and then 12 calls. But you see, that's not happening. And I'm not regular. I'm not taking action. But I'm also not a waste. It's not like I'm not doing at all. Anything at all. So what would you say we can do regarding the calls? Would you be okay even if we extend it beyond three months for 12 calls? Yeah, it doesn't need to necessarily be 12 calls, but if you need a little bit extra help, then that's fine as well. All right, I'll try to be regular with all of these things. Looks like it's coming. And the thing is, it's not even about the calls. Like, sometimes it's. It's more beneficial to do a loom. Like, sometimes it's just more beneficial if you have. Like, sometimes if you just have, like, one or two questions like that. That's why, like, sometimes it's better to even do looms because let's just say someone wants to get on a call. Like, a call can be a procrastination tool where it's like, you don't need a call. You need to do the work. You have. One question will take five minutes. You don't need to call for that. Um, so. So don't worry too much about the call. Just take action. And then when you actually have questions. Yeah. Ask. Sure, I'll do that. Yeah. All right, Sounds good, man. That's pretty much it. Yeah. I'll just keep you posted on what. How it's going. Okay, man. Sounds good, bro. All right, thank you. Bye now. Thank you. Thank you.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Okay, that's good. I mean, you could have told me that. Well, we could have delayed it for a few days.

Speaker B: No, no, no. We haven't been on a call for a while. So I think it's important that we go on this call. And plus, I did. Thanks for letting me know, like, what you wanted to cover because it gave me a bit of time to prepare and. Yeah, we'll go. I'll definitely go over some stuff. But before I go into it, like, how are the DMs going and stuff like that.

Speaker A: Well, you know what? I have done a little bit of everything, but I'm not consistent with any of those. So I have done a lot, by the way, I'll give you. I mean, I'm not doing the things that I'm supposed to do, but let me tell you what I've done so far. So, first of all, remember, we scraped profiles, a lot of them, almost 30 of them. And then we're supposed to categorize or summarize the topics for each. At least the top 20 I that I did for some, right? Three or five, three or four. But even doing summarizing 20, I don't know, I need time. It was taking time, 40, 50 minutes for each. Now I was thinking, how would I, you know, do what. How can I do to make it even easier and summarize it? So I was thinking of using a chatgpt with that. So I have a friend who can code and all. So he created a system using ChatGPT API that can literally take every content and then summarize it in the way I want to summarize. I give those instructions. So I figured that part out. That is done. So I can literally. I have summarized some of them using that system. It's. It's really good. I like the output. That part is figured out. And second was, I'm not sure what's happening to my screen right now. It's flickering. But anyway, second was the connection request. And I asked you one question about how I can build a list. The thing is, I had some very, very interesting list of companies. One was I attended one event at chf. Now it happens twice a year in Canada. One in Toronto, another one in Vancouver. I attended the one here. And I could scrape the list of attendees who attended the event. And this event is only about CPG companies. That is it. So, yes, there are service providers too, but most of them are CPG brands. Who wants to meet retailers? So I had this list. Along with that, I also used a software called Smart Scout to download all the Amazon sellers in the US and Canada in my category. So groceries or dietary supplements, these two categories mostly, and personal care products. So and because I had that list, the first thing I did was using Phantom Buster to get the LinkedIn company profiles. And it also scrapes the descriptions. Now it doesn't. It does a lot of mistakes. I would say probably 60% of them are correct. I mean, the leaks that it gets. So again, I created a system with ChatGPT API that would read the description and then decide whether it's a CPG company or not. So I had that list, I had filtered out that list and then I was like, okay, so how do I use this list on Sales Navigator to filter the people who works there on these companies? And turned out LinkedIn. I mean, sales navigator has a three plans, I think for sales navigator, right? One, core, advanced and advanced plus. So I needed to upgrade to the Advanced one. And if you do that, it lets you upload your book of companies. So basically an Excel file with the company names and if you have the LinkedIn links, company links, it lets you upload that. So I figured that part. And if you would create the list, then you can also go to the Leads filter page, select this list that you uploaded, and then based on that, you can apply all the filters that you want to apply. So now I basically have created three lists using those companies and I have automated that connection request. I mean, sending out the connection request process with Linked Helper that is going really well because these people are the most relevant ones I can connect with. Yeah. So this is what I have done. These took some time, but name. I think my weakness is. Look, I. My strength is analytical creating systems. This is my strength. The weakness is writing stuff. The creative stuff I can write. It takes a lot of time. DM outreach is something that I can also do and I think I can also automate that part. What I have to do is I have to make relevant list of relevant people. Right. If I think that I need to approach. For now we are focusing on only ICPs. I can make a list of those people, add them to the lead list, and then use Linked Helper to deliver same kind of message because they will be similar. And if I have to reach out to some service provider which we are not focusing on, then it will be a different kind of message that I can probably create another list and then automate that process too. This is what I, what I'm thinking right now. But writing something and then being consistent with that is where I'm. Yeah, it's a bit of a challenge. The how to content, that is also something I can do. Personal content. I have started understanding and observing what people in my space are writing about. It's not the kind of stuff. Okay, when I was 27, this is how I began. Not this kind of stuff. They are mostly writing about their stories in their agency, how they got into the business and all those stuff. So I have started. It's not like everything's clear in my mind. Sometimes some ideas will pop up. Probably I should note them down immediately. But anyway, so this is where I am. I have started grasping the idea of those tofu contents that I have never posted so far.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. I mean, even with that's good, that's good stuff that you've done, I feel like it's gonna help, definitely for sure. Especially the, with the lists and getting multiple people in the companies that you want to reach out to. That's all very, very good stuff. So, yeah, it's definitely helpful. When it comes to the content, it is difficult because I can't like automatically make you faster. It's one of those ones where it's difficult for me because I can't make you faster. Like, I can give you, like, even if I give you a template or something, it's not, you know, that's not going to solve the problem because you know that now you can use chat GBT to take a post and turn it into a template. You can probably, you're probably smart enough to already do that because you can't do that. Let's just say you had a post that you like, you could get, you could actually get Chat GPT turn into a template and then you kind of fill in the blanks. And I guess that can make it faster. But in general, it's just writing. And even with me, even someone who like is experienced, sometimes it can take me longer than I like. Sometimes I don't feel inspired. Like, sometimes I just don't feel inspired. And sometimes easy, sometimes a bit harder. It's more about like time blocking and, and that's why I say with you, like, don't, don't try and do seven posts a week or five posts a week. Like if it do three, like that's solid to start with. And once you get more results with it, like once you start getting a client and then another client, then your confidence in the thing will increase. Then you can kind of do more like you naturally want to do more. But for now, just stick to three that you can but in terms of the messaging, as you said, you got multiple people in each company, which is really, really good. So like when it comes to your sick world, the outreach. One second. Hopefully this goes to the right page. So this is just something I just quickly wrote up for you. So obviously you're going to send the dm. So your DM is. It's like something like have a system that can do xyz, right? I can't remember exactly, but you know the thing. Are you going to do it for free? No.

Speaker A: Can I do it for free?

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Next time. Yeah.

Speaker B: Oh, no, I was just wondering if it's a free thing or not. Okay, that's cool. But okay.

Speaker A: It's a very low value thing, by the way.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's a low value. Yeah, I knew it was like a low value product, but I couldn't remember if it was like it's like 150, let's say. Okay, cool. Okay, cool. If it's cheap, then that's good because we can still use that. Because the whole point of it is something that just to get you in. Some people like instead of if it's too much to do for free, then obviously you can't do it for free. But what the kind of mindset around it is like you just want a pick to pick one part, like just one small problem and fix that for either free or cheap. So you can get into the organization. So you send a message. I feel like I just remember the call to action that you had in that DM wasn't. I didn't like it. I didn't think it was the best.

Speaker A: Okay, all right, I can read it right now. Let me just pull it up.

Speaker B: It's the one where you said something about the. The team.

Speaker A: Yes, it was. Hey, Alex, I have a system that can fix suppressed listings on Amazon and 10 other listing related issues in under five days. Will someone in your ecommerce team be interested?

Speaker B: Yeah, so I'll probably say. I'll say this. The same meaning. The same meaning, just a different word. So like. So like, I'm not saying this is perfect, but anyone in your. Anyone in the. The ecom team. This could help or something along those lines. But basically the. The same meaning but different. Slightly different wording. I'm not saying this necessarily, but I just feel like reading could have been better. A bit better.

Speaker A: What do you think is lacking in that call to action?

Speaker B: Say it again.

Speaker A: What is lacking in that call to action?

Speaker B: No, no, say what it was again. Oh, okay.

Speaker A: Will someone in your e Commerce team be interested.

Speaker B: It's just the way it's worded just doesn't sound that casual. I feel like it could just be a bit more casual. I'd say. Okay. But yeah, it's just, it's just from all of the call to actions that I've seen or used, I just don't think it's as good as it could be.

Speaker A: Well, another one that I sent was, do you know anyone who may benefit from it?

Speaker B: Yeah, I mean the thing is I, I'd say carry on with the team thing because what you're trying to do is if they don't have much power, you want them to connect you to someone that has power. And then if they do have.

Speaker A: Yeah. In this case, what's happening is these people are really on the top, so they may not directly handle these things. That's what is happening. Someone below them is probably handling these things or probably will also make a direct decision about this kind of stuff.

Speaker B: Yeah. So if it's someone that's like a decision maker, you can, you can be more direct. It's like, is this something that could like instead of them connecting you to someone, you ask them if they want the thing. So it's like, for example, let's just say I was, you're the decision maker. I could be like, it's something that could be helpful for you. Or is this something that you'd be interested in? Like you. But if it's someone who's just part of a team, let's say a marketing manager, you could be like, do you know anyone who could benefit from this? Like, that's not even a bad thing. Or it's like, is this something the eco team at company name could benefit from? Basically the mindset around is if they're a decision maker, you, you talk straight to them. And if they're not a decision maker, you kind of understand that they're not a decision maker. So you just want them to maybe connect you to someone. Because if your thing is very valuable and they're an employee, maybe they'll think, oh, like maybe my manager, maybe someone. Maybe this would actually be helpful. Like I might just put this in a Slack chat or something.

Speaker A: Yeah, okay. Okay. Another thing is how do I lead the conversation and my purpose is to convert on it. Right. Or there may be two things. One is it may convert right now. Another thing is if it doesn't convert right now, how do I stay in touch? And I think that all these, all of these people could be my client at some point. Because they're just so much relevant. They just need to know more about what I do, what I have done, what I can do for them. That's what I think.

Speaker B: Another thing, another thing I test is basically, this is going to take you way more time, but it might get you way better results. So you just want to test it. Or you might want to do maybe just a handful of these a day. It's basically either a voice note or a video message. So it's basically the exact script, right? That exact kind of script. But because you have to think about it like how, especially if you want to build a relationship and you want them to really like you always. Because I'm not saying they're not going to like you if you send them a message because it's still a good message, it's still valuable. But if you. Let's just say you took that script and you're like, hey X, love your. Loved your last post. And you're doing, not doing it by text, you're doing it by your voice or like you're recording yourself just walking or something. So it's like, hey, X, loved your last person. Or like we've been connected for a bit or whatever, some kind of introduction. I'm not going to waste too much of your time. I have a system that blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Just wondering if you'd be interested in it. Is this something that could help you? We love to chat. Boom. And then do that. But that's something you can test as well. So I'll test text and I'll test video. Because the thing with video is you can personalize it and you can say more words without the text being massive. That's the good thing about video is sometimes you want to say more stuff in the message. But if you say too much, the text is going to be so long. But with a video, you can naturally say a few things, you can naturally compliment them. You can naturally say, I don't want to waste too much of your time. I have this thing, you can say a few things basically without the video being too long. It can still be, you know, 30, 40 seconds and you can say quite a lot of stuff in that. But anyways, let's just say you get a positive response. I'd say qualify first. You might not necessarily need this if you already have done this work. But generally speaking, you want to qualify somewhat because you don't want to waste your time. Waste their time. So it's be like, oh, before I send over more details, you can play with this text. But before I send them more details, our system works best with brands that are xyz. So like, I don't know, like they, they sell this, they're over this amount of revenue and this, you want them to basically you want them to fit that criteria. And then when you ask them, does X fit that criteria? You want them to say, yeah, yeah, we do. That way you come across professional as well, but you're just making sure these people are relevant. And then I wasn't sure again if it was free or not. But then at that point you basically want to move them on to the next step, which because it's paid, it would be a call.

Speaker A: Right. Sorry, what was that?

Speaker B: So at this point I think I, I think you can just move them on to the next step which would be to like, I'd probably try and get. They get them to jump on a call. At this point

Speaker A: it's not worth a call. Do you think we should do that? We can do that.

Speaker B: Oh no, no, it doesn't, it just, it just depends. I don't know what information you'd need and stuff. So that's why I have it down here. I think I wrote it. I just don't know what.

Speaker A: 10 minute call would be good. I mean that will probably also help us build this rapport. That will.

Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. Look here as right here it's. Are you free to jump on a quick 15 minute call this week? It's always short calls. Like the first call you have with anyone's always a short call, 10, 15 minutes. If it goes over that because it's going well, then that's fine. But you, you. I always, when I get on quick calls with people, the first call, I always say like 15 minute chat or something like that. 10 minute chat. Because they still need to learn a bit more like about how it works and stuff like that. So like, so let's just say they say, yeah, we fit the criteria. They say, yeah, that's. That sounds like us, blah, blah, blah. So, and then I'd move them onto a call and again I would have to play with this because I didn't. I couldn't remember if it was free or not. So let me just remember this is okay. Awesome. So as mentioned, I hope you do X and Y. No, we'd have to change this. I would help you do x. Help you x. So you can. Yeah.

Speaker A: So far I have sent this to 10 people. I have got three responses. All of them are rejections. And the thing is they are not working in the brand, they are kind of like a service provider. That's what I've got so far.

Speaker B: Yeah, fair. I mean 10, 10 is not enough to get like a proper, proper understanding. But I'd say once you send like 30 messages to the right people, you'd get a bit more understanding of if it works or not. Then if, if you feel like, how

Speaker A: many am I supposed to send every day?

Speaker B: There's no like correct number, but I'd say as many as you can. Really? Like how many? Limit. There is no limit. Oh, what do you mean no limit? As in like technically there is a limit. Yeah, you can get banned. But I mean when I say there's no limit, I mean like how many can you do? Do you know what I mean?

Speaker A: That's another thing.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But I'd say a good number is like if you're doing a video, I'd say a good number is 5 to 10 because they take a bit longer. And if you're doing text 10. Okay, but obviously the more you do like let's just say you do 20 a day, you're going to get a better day or you're going to know like if it's working and stuff. But let me just play with this. There's no like exact text, right? There's no exact template. As you can see. I'm like make, I'm like thinking about on the spot. I'm not taking it from somewhere because there's no like exact thing. But essentially at that point I'd try and move them to a call and just make it like an easy yes, like not like a sales call, anything that it's just a jump 15 minute call this week basically. And I, I would, I'll play with this text. So I'll send this doc to you about improve this text as well. But essentially it's like send the DMS get quickly. If they get a positive response, qualify them and then move them to a quick call and you'll probably get a pricing. You probably get pricing. Like people might ask you for pricing.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think I'll clarify that. I think. How about I clarify that in the DMS that this is going to be $150 if that sounds good.

Speaker B: Yeah, this, this could be. This could. This you could actually mention here. Okay, awesome. So as mentioned, I'll help you do X so you can do Y. You can even mention the cost here. The cost, Honestly, like I don't want to write something here right now, but you can mention the price here. You can mention some proof here as well, but essentially just adding some. All the details that they need. And then if it all sounds good, are you free to jump on a 15 minute call this week? If you add everything here and they say yes, that's like pretty much. And they get on that call, you're probably going to close them, which is good. Yeah. And so like follow up. So once you get a response, like, so if you don't get a response to this. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about if you. Because the main place where you can follow up aggressively is if you. They've given you a response somewhere because then they've shown you that they are interested at least because they've responded to stuff. So let's just say they respond to this, then they drop out. Or they respond to this, then they drop out. I'd follow up. So for example, like your follow up one could be like, name, I know life gets busy. Better time to continue the conversation. This works very, very well because it's quite easy, but a time to continue conversation. And then if they still don't respond to that, it's like, name, mind me following up on this. And again, like you, if you have a good offer, which you do, you have pretty good offer. Some, a lot of the time they're not going to mind you following up. They're going to be like, you know what, thank you for following up. I'll book for now.

Speaker A: Yeah, it happens. I mean. And do you mean this follow up should be once they respond or do you want me to follow up even if they don't respond for the, to the first message.

Speaker B: So with the first message. But these ones are specific. For example, these ones are specific for when they drop out, not when they don't respond. Because as like, this wouldn't make sense, for example, if it wouldn't make sense. So this one you could do if they don't respond to the first one, but like to the initial message. But after the initial message, I'd only respond, do one follow up. Like I wouldn't resp. I wouldn't follow up loads of times to the initial message. You just. I'd follow up more when they drop out because then they showed some interest. Yeah. So. And then one thing that you've noticed as well, especially if you're doing like good dms, people are not going to be like, go and die. Like, they're not gonna be angry at you, but they will be like, you know what? Some people will like, even sometimes, even if you do a good dm. They will, but they will. A lot of people will be like, like, cool DM and stuff, but I'm just not interested right now. But so, like, I'd probably just go for a referral at that point. Especially because this offer is, is valuable. If they see the value in it, but they don't need it, maybe they will know someone that actually will see the value in it. So it's like, okay, no worries. Just stay in touch. In the meantime, do you have any contacts you think would benefit from X? Would really appreciate you making an intro. Here are some case studies of other companies who worked with. So you know we're legit. Something along those lines. Maybe this could even go to your service page. You know that services page that you have this link so if they click it, they see some case studies. I'd probably do that because maybe it won't work a lot of the time, but maybe if you send this message five times, the fifth time you get a nice introduction to like a big company, you know, so it's worth asking. Like, if you never ask, then you're not going to get it.

Speaker A: Yeah. And do you suggest that I send this kind of message because they responded, I don't need it. Do you suggest that I send similar messages multiple times?

Speaker B: What, to the same person? Yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Okay. No, no, because. Because I wouldn't do that. Because that could be annoying. Yeah, yeah, because you don't want to be annoying. Like, because obviously, like, there's a way to do DMs that's just not annoying. Like, for example, like I would say test, test in the video form. I'd say like send 30 at least of the normal message. And then if it's not getting the response that you want, I definitely try it in the video form or a voice note form. And then one of these will definitely do way better. Like one of these will 100 work. And I'd say these are like the least annoying. The video is probably the most impressive one, but it takes the longest time. But essentially, like, you just want to be very valuable in the DMS and you don't. You want to try and not be annoying, basically. So that's why you don't like, follow up like crazy to the first message if they don't respond.

Speaker A: I get that. Yeah. The thing is, with today's thing technologies and all, even the video can be customized if I just.

Speaker B: Yeah, but, but, but you can. But the thing is that the people that automate stuff Will. They'll always get worse results. Because the whole point of you doing the video is you have to say something in that video which is humanized.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: So like, let's just say you do the video. Let's just say you're saying the video and then in the last second you could say something like, by the way, I love that thing on your banner. Or like, by the way, I love. By the way, I loved your last post on X on you going to Spain. It's my favorite. You just have a line in there or something where it's like, this is definitely it. Like, not AI because people will get. The more people do AI videos, the less they're going to work. But then the, the AI videos are always going to be worse.

Speaker A: I understand. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: It's like the AI content. You can do AI content, but it's always going to be a little bit worse. So. Right,

Speaker A: okay, that's all right. So let me talk about some examples. So I gave you yesterday's screenshot. Right now, you see, this person is very relevant. He works with CPG companies and he hires Amazon specialists. That's what he said that when he needs. So very, very relevant. And he said he has his products on Amazon now. What do I do from here? If I just say let's stay in touch or something like that, I'm just not doing anything about it. So I'm thinking, would it be better if we have a way of connecting from here? Or should I ask what kind of products does he sell on Amazon? How is that going? Like something that he would care, something he would entertain. I don't want to be invasive in that way.

Speaker B: Yeah. So I feel like when you, when you, you should leave it for like a couple of days and then make him some kind of like irresistible offer. From what he told you, though, like if you, if you gathered something from what he told you or you did some research on his. I don't know how much you know about him, but if you did research on his Amazon store or like, or research on something he's doing or project he's working on and then you come back to him like three days later is like, hey, Mark, lovely speaking to you. A couple days ago, I actually went back and did a bit of research and I noticed xyz, I could actually help you do XYZ and whatever and make him some kind of offer that's very thingy to him, specific to him, but it's irresistible. So I'd either do it for like low, like low price. And I'd mentioned the low price or I do it for free. But obviously like doing it for free. You'd only do it for free if like this person can potentially give you a lot of money in the future, basically or like refer to you a lot of people. So if you feel like he's that kind of person, then maybe even mention it for. I can do it for you for free. Like if you find like a small problem that they have or something, a solution that you can offer them, like just, just follow up. A few days later I'll be like, hey man, I thought of you back and did some research. So super specific, super specific. He's like, wow, this person did their research.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, I'll try that. And then another person, she. I sent a message, I said, hi Julie, I have a system that can fix. And then, I mean, do you know anyone who may benefit from it? That was my cta and then she responded. I do not, unfortunately.

Speaker B: I mean, fair enough, I guess. Yeah. I mean it is what is lucky. There will be people that just don't like, for example, like a lot of the messages like I get, some of them are really bad. So. And then they'll be like, do you need 10 to 50, 10 to fit? Do you want an extra 50 leads this month? And then if I say no to that, they're probably going to think in what you don't want 50 leads? Who doesn't want 50 leads? But it's just like I just don't, I just don't want that. Right. Like it's like I'm just not your ideal client right now, you know, so sometimes even if you give like a very irresistible offer, like people, not everyone's going to want it. Basically.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, I need to also about the offer. I think there could be better offers that are not being solved by many agencies in the CPG space with retail media. And I also need to learn about that. Probably in the future I'll come up with better offers. This for now is what I can do. I have capability for, but I. In order to differentiate. I mean it would really different. I'll. It will be, it'll happen automatically on its own if I just learn more about my audience, my ICP and the kind of problems that they're trying to solve. I could give you one example. The other day, a CEO of a company, he sells their products at Costco. Now Costco sometimes would take out some SKUs because they don't want to continue selling that. But that has been selling almost 25,000 units a month so far. Now what happens to those customers once that SKU is taken out? The CEO's question was maybe, I mean I was, I mean he thinks that it would probably be very valuable if he can somehow draw most of those customers online. How can he do that right offline to online? How can he solve that problem? Then he asked for us for suggestions. So if someone can solve this kind of problem that genuinely CPG brands generally have, that would probably be pretty valuable.

Speaker B: Yeah. So what you just said there, that kind of storyline, right, is what you can do very well with video. So let's just say you did, you, there's this company and you did some research about them and then you're like, hey man, I noticed that in, I know in this report that I read that Amazon took down 25, 000 products

Speaker A: of,

Speaker B: you know, Costco, whatever it was called, and it might be affecting your revenue, blah blah, blah, right now actually have a solution for it which can help you drive, you know, as you said, you know, like whatever it is, like you can kind of have that storyline there and then have the call to action with the video. And that's the kind of difference between like when you have those opportunities to do like very specific kind of outreach that will stand out. Because if someone, if the CEO then sees your voice, sees that message from you and watches that video, he's gonna be like, okay, cool, now this is some good outreach right there, right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: But the cool thing is there's lots of opportunities for you. So you can like, you have a lot of opportunities to keep testing and something will definitely work and once it does, you're going to be making a lot of money.

Speaker A: Right. Okay, so that is, did you have anything else to cover for the DM strategy?

Speaker B: No, I think this is good. I think this is all right. But when it comes, when it goes on a tangent, like just be human, like just be helpful and like, do you know what I mean? Like you don't need crazy frameworks. Just be empathetic. Don't be like super salesy. Just be empathetic, be valuable. And then when you see an opportunity, like for example, they tell you that they're struggling with something, use that as like a bit of leverage. Like, look like I noticed that you're, you told me that you're going through this pain actually helped X company maybe overcome this pain or maybe it's like this is something that I could potentially help you with. Is it worth jumping on a 50 minute call to discuss like, but in general you're adding value and stuff like that. But when you do try and find the pain as well in a natural way. And when you do find a pain, just leverage that and be like, look like I might be able to actually help you with this pain. Is it worth jumping on a 15 minute call to discuss it? And then a lot of the time if you've, if I've gone back and forth with you on something and then you make me that offer because I've already opened up to you. Like if, if you make me that offers, even if, like, it's very unlikely that I'm gonna be like, no, I'm gonna be like, you know what, why not? Let's get on a call, you know?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, so yeah, okay. And you know what I wanted to ask you. Of course I need to be more consistent with the content, but I also, you also told me that it's not the end all, be all. There are more things that you can do with content. So what is the, how does it look like? How does the path look like for me in the long run? And do you think we will be. I mean, I just want to know what we need to do in the future.

Speaker B: So again, I wouldn't worry too much about the future, but what I would say is like, because when it comes to content, content's sick. Because when you, when you, it improves the results of your outbound, but it just brings people in. Like once you, once you have good content and you have a brand, like that same person that you think is a good lead, he's going to reach out to you and he's going to be like, hey, I'm interested in working with you. Like, that's very good. Because it's way easier to sell them because they're saying I'm interested. Like I've been watch, I've seen your content for two months, loving what you write. You're better than all these guys. They're chatting rubbish and then once they, you get on a call with them, it's just easy. So that's why content's so powerful and that's why you should definitely like practice the skill of content. Because you can be doing this for the next 10 years. Like you, like in 10 years time you could have five years time you could have a big YouTube channel or something. So it's definitely worth just continuing, just practicing the skill of it. But as of right now, it's more of a supplementary thing like your outreach. I say cracking outreach is more important and Then just having that content there. So you're practicing. And also your, your account looks active, like you, like people go in it and they can read a bit of your content and stuff.

Speaker A: That's true.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: No, you're going to say something, I'll let you finish.

Speaker B: No, no, I'm done, I'm done.

Speaker A: I was saying I have seen two examples in my niche who, where the agencies posted their content and the clients commented that they want to talk. It's like no way. Yeah. So one of the. I told you about Cartograph that is very similar to mine. They also work with CPG companies. They posted one guideline regarding what it takes to be compliant on Amazon for dietary supplements. 7 page PDF and someone commented, looked like he's very established, said he knows he's a friend of Hooverman. Now I'm not sure if he's talking about Andrew Hooverman. It could be huge. Now he reached out and another example was where this person was solving a problem that is regarding TikTok ads but for Amazon sellers. So right now in only US based sellers can sell on TikTok shop. Outsiders cannot. Now he has come up with a solution so that the people who are not based in the US can also sell on TikTok shop. So that is really creative. When I read it hasn't been, it was not very long since he posted. I saw two to three comments who are interested in talking with him because he posted that.

Speaker B: Yeah. I mean and that's what will happen like if you, if you become like a big player in your niche. Like let's like all of these people you're connecting to, let's just say in a year or two years or whatever you have now 3,000 of these people, 4,000 of these people and you're putting out really good content, valuable content. They're seeing it like every time you post you're getting you know, 3,000 impressions, 4,000 impressions. Like that's real people that are seeing your content and like if you're putting out good stuff they're gonna, they're gonna come out and they're gonna like be like look, so I'm interested in chatting to you. Let's get on a call. That's.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And that takes a bit of time and it's worth developing that skill because that's, it's, it's basically ads but it's free so it's good.

Speaker A: You know. Now something that I have noticed, most of the people in my space, they would publish content but they're so tactical. So how to optimize the title of a listing or how to do SEO. Five things you need to do in order to do that, like this kind of thing. So it's very tactical and if you talk about tactical stuff, it will mostly draw the people who do that kind of stuff, the tactical stuff. So that could be other service providers, freelancers, that could be people who are probably working in E commerce, let's say coordinator, E commerce specialist, role in other companies. Those are the people these kind of content draws in. And also I feel whenever they do giveaways with this kind of stuff, it's mostly the freelancers or other people who are providing these services, service providers, basically those are the people who are commenting on those posts. That's why you see this huge engagement. But the end result will not be that good. So in this case, for example, the kind of content you post that is very relevant for people like me. Right. That is the result I want. But also you have this, you have your peers who are also engaging with the content.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Now I think if I could really understand the kind of things that will really draw attention from the, the Directors or the VPs or the CEOs or CMOs or Director of growth, that is the kind of content, if I could do something that would be lucrative for them, that would be more valuable. So for example, one problem was in both cases, one was regarding the policies, what it takes to be compliant on Amazon. Very basic stuff, by the way, Very, very basic stuff. But still that. Well, it seems like the compliance and everything how to get started on Amazon, even if they're established brands, they didn't get started with Amazon and they probably had trouble when they tried. Probably it may draw attention of those directors or the VPs, whoever is involved in E commerce. And at the same time it's a big deal that someone solved a problem. Like I mean non US residents can also participate in TikTok shop. So those are the. I mean I'm just trying to figure out, I don't have a clear idea of what kind of things I need to talk about in my space that will draw their attention because most of the people I follow, they don't talk about Amazon. Yes, they are aware that Amazon is important, but they don't talk about Amazon. They would probably share. Well this is what happened today and they launched this SKU across these many stores in the us. They will share some stories about other things. So this is what they do, generally talk about Amazon. I don't know if I could explain the problem to you.

Speaker B: Yeah, it makes sense. So like, basically you just kind of, you can say like one second, just give me one second. Yeah, so you basically. So like the main thing that will, that will straightaway attract clients is like results based stuff. Because for example, let's just say someone does SEO, like they don't like, generally speaking, like founders don't care about SEO, they care about the results that you've gotten through SEO. So focusing a lot more on results. So those are like the bottom of funnel post, like case studies, testimonials and like you don't need to be like super salesy case studies. It's just always mentioning like stuff you've done and the results that you've gotten. And even when you're, even when you're doing something educational, you're still finding a way to connect it to like revenue. So it's like, so you're not always talking about like, let's just say, I don't know, SKUs or something. Like it's like, here's how we, here's how I changed x amount of SKUs and how it impacted revenue or something. Like you're always like connecting it. So even if you're doing educational stuff, sometimes you can break the rule and just do something educational. But even when you're doing educational stuff, you're always connecting it to like what would a founder want to hear from this? So it's not just purely educational. Even if it's like two lines or even if it's a carousel, it's just one page of the carousel is just you're connecting it to now the results that you got and you're name dropping a little bit and you're talking about the revenue that you want, how many clients that you've worked with. Like you're always kind of posturing a little bit where it's like, I've worked with X clients. This led to this, the impact that I had on this over the last six months, over the last six months of implementing the above, we managed to achieve this. So it's always adding a line or two, even in the educational posts that can be in the hook, it can be in the bottom, it can be in the middle. You're always adding it where like if a founder reads this, he'll be like, oh, okay, this person's doing. This person's actually legit. So that's like how you make your middle of funnel posts more, more like attractive to founders. You always attach it to results and you talk about, you find a way, like some kind of way Even if it's just a line where you can flex a little bit. And then also bottom of funnel post, where it's like, in the last six months, we helped X achieve X and then it's like, here's how we did it. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. So those are like the more basic, like, very straightforward and they work as well. Like, when I post stuff like that, it's more likely that someone's gonna see that and be like, okay, let me just reach out to this guy. He might be. So those are like the main ways. And then some of the posts. Yeah, maybe they'll just be for your peers. Yeah, that's okay too, if it's going to help you get reach and stuff.

Speaker A: Right. Okay, let's see if I had anything else on my list. So name something that I wanted to ask is. See, it's. Am I the worst student you've ever had, by the way?

Speaker B: Well, I wouldn't say you're the worst because a lot of people give up, actually. They get on like one call, they pay me. They get on one call and then they just stop coming. Like, there's people like that as well, because sometimes people buy something because. But they're not really built. They don't have the courage for it, you know? So I wouldn't say you're the worst, but I'd just say you could just. There's a thing like, you know this yourself. Like, you even said, like, I've been working hard, but on things, other things. Like, you know what I mean? Like, they're not. Like, if, if you always work hard on other things, it's. You're not going to get the result you want. You need to work hard on, like, the things that make money, basically. But I think that's something you're going to learn. Like, everyone learns that, like, eventually you're gonna have to do it basically. And I'm sure you will.

Speaker A: Right?

Speaker B: Yeah, I'd say. I'd say that's your. I'd say that's your main thing that you need to work on, like focusing. Like, what are the two, three things or even four things that like make are going to literally lead to revenue. Like, I know if I do these things every single day, they're gonna make me money and then blocking out time to do prioritize those things rather than everything else and only do everything else once you've done these things.

Speaker A: Yeah, right. That makes sense. Our agreement is three months and then 12 calls. But you see, that's not happening. And I'm not regular. I'm not taking action. But I'm also not a waste. It's not like I'm not doing at all. Anything at all. So what would you say we can do regarding the calls? Would you be okay even if we extend it beyond three months for 12 calls?

Speaker B: Yeah, it doesn't need to necessarily be 12 calls, but if you need a little bit extra help, then that's fine as well.

Speaker A: All right, I'll try to be regular with all of these things. Looks like it's coming.

Speaker B: And the thing is, it's not even about the calls. Like, sometimes it's. It's more beneficial to do a loom. Like, sometimes it's just more beneficial if you have. Like, sometimes if you just have, like, one or two questions like that. That's why, like, sometimes it's better to even do looms because let's just say someone wants to get on a call. Like, a call can be a procrastination tool where it's like, you don't need a call. You need to do the work. You have. One question will take five minutes. You don't need to call for that. Um, so. So don't worry too much about the call. Just take action. And then when you actually have questions.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Ask.

Speaker A: Sure, I'll do that. Yeah. All right, Sounds good, man. That's pretty much it. Yeah. I'll just keep you posted on what. How it's going.

Speaker B: Okay, man. Sounds good, bro.

Speaker A: All right, thank you. Bye now.

Speaker B: Thank you. Thank you.

