Transcript for: Recording__782.mp4
Title: Recording #782
============================================================

I mean, I couldn't practice everything that I was supposed to. Yeah. For some reason it gets. I always get delayed when our class was at 8:30. Even then I would have this challenge. Now it's at 9:30. I have the same challenge. It's not like something improved. Wait, 9:30 was there like. Oh, it's 9:30. Yes. Right. Oh, yeah, no, I remember that. I'm like, what are you talking about? It's only 8:30. No, no, you're two hours ahead. Never mind. I can't do math right now. One plus one is difficult, but one plus two, come on. Yeah, that's. I guess that's quite normal when you're dealing with so many monkeys in a day. I only have three monkeys nowadays. Okay. Yeah. So if you guess you're doing good. Yeah. Just assuming anything fun happen since last class. Well, I asked, do you remember I said that I'm going to meet somebody. She's a native speaker. I'm going to ask her how to pronounce coffee. Sounded like she pronounced it with au. So. Yeah, not short over there. That would occur, I think. Yeah. So I have to pronounce it with you too. I believe that's how it is done here. Legally obligated. So did you get a chance to look at the website that describes when O becomes an AU diagram? No, I didn't. All right, no problem. So sorry, that was up. Let me resend it to you and then you can go ahead and peek at it during this week and then next week we can go through reading practice for it. Yeah. So thankfully this only happens with an O sound. It's not like all the different vowels can be a U at different points. It's only O and it's only in specific situations. There's a few situations, but once you get used to them, it's not super difficult. So I will go ahead and send you the site. I actually recommend this site for a lot of different sounds. It's very detailed, very laying out, maybe a little too much information sometimes, but it's better than not enough. So actually I'll go ahead and share just the VALS version with you and then I can show you where to find the one you're looking for. Just so that you have access to everything, of course. So here you could see as like a vowels consonant, the main part, but you can always just look up what you want to find. Here are all the fun vowels and this little symbol, the backwards C is the au. So written O as a U. And then it has a whole Video and then it has like a listening test on it. So I'll go ahead and share this with you, of course. Like I said, I recommend peeking over anything that you would want help with. It's a very good site. But I'll just send this for now. Do you have any questions about anything else before we kind of skip over that for the time being? No, not really. I was watching our recording, I mean, recording on the last class. So I remember things now. I mean, remember what I did. So let's go ahead with the practice. All right, awesome. So we have a new sound that we're going to do today. We're going to take a step away from the trio that we've been going over and we're going to talk about something a little different called French en. Oh, okay. And for this O with the inverted C, what did you say I have to do? I have. I'm supposed to go through this later on. Yeah, later on. So I'm going to give you the week to look at that. Just because the site draws it out pretty clearly. I don't want to spend class time on it. If I think. I think you'll get it outside of class. Looking at it independently, you'll be able to handle it. So if you do have any questions, of course you can let me know. But I'm going to give you the week to kind of skim over that, do some practices and we're going to catch up about it next time. Okay. Sounds good. All right. Go to the French en worksheet. Please. Do that. Yes, I'm there. All right, whenever you're ready, read the explanation. Let me send a quick text, please. Okay. Are you texting someone about Black Cat Appreciation Day? No, I didn't do that. It was Will. The thing is, this is also something interesting. It's about my mom learning English now. So I'm talking to somebody and trying to fix them up. Yeah. So yeah, the teacher texted me and I didn't want to delay, so just got back to her for a second. Yeah. Anyway, I'm ready to read the explanation if you want me to do that now. Go ahead. Okay. Some words in English come from other languages. These are called loan words. Of course, I know that, but you don't return them. And the pronunciation is usually adapted over time as they become more commonly spoken. Most words that come from French came from French, for example, have been completely Anglicized. Are given an English sounding pronunciation. However, in some words, certain aspects of the pronunciation remains reminiscent of their origin. Especially if. Especially in words that have been adapted into English within the last few centuries. This is the case with. With the e N combination when it appears in a word of French origin. To make this sound, drop the jaw slightly, tighten the lips, and tighten the lips at the same time, arch the back of the tongue and lower the soft palate so that the airflow is directed up through the nose, making it sound. Making it a nasal sound. All of these mouth positions are done at one time, so it is a static sound. And then there's this diagram. Yes. So real quick, before we get into anything. How did you say this word? This word? There's no way. I said in the chat. Oh, in the chat. Yeah. One second. Yeah, no problem. Okay. Nasal. I think I pronounced nasal. Yeah. Nasal. Yeah, yeah. No, nasal is right. I was just. I'm like. You've read that word before. Yeah. So you corrected. Moving on back to French. En. When do we make this sound? Well, when there's an e N combination in a loan word from the French language. Yes. So as it was saying, if we've had the word for a long time, we kind of make it our own. But France and Britain had some recent dealings. They've been dealing with each other since forever. But we're constantly getting French words. Just we can't keep away. So a lot of these words are still pronounced with a little bit of a French flair. You know, I've obviously met French people. They say it way more French than we do, but we have just a little bit of French sprinkle. Okay, so we'll see how that is handled. And how do we pronounce the actual sound? Okay, so the mouth. Tongue position and everything. It's a. It's a complicated one. I mean, I. I mean, there are a lot of things happening at the same time. I see the jaw is slightly dropped and the lips are being tightened. I don't exactly understand what that means. The tongue is being arched in the back slightly, and the low. The palate is. Upper palette is being lowered. The. It's called the upper palette. Right. Soft palate softball. Okay, so the soft palate is this part in the back of the mouth that's soft, that can go up and down. The upper palate is just the top of the mouth in general. Like in the medium, in the middle, we can't really move the upper palate, but the soft palate we can. Okay, got it. All right, Sure. So it's like. Let's break it down a little bit. Yeah. So first of all, you did mention the soft Palate, which is very important. The soft palate is usually going up. In this case, it's lowering. And what's important about that is this sound can be a little nasally. So if you've ever heard French, you know that they speak pretty nasally. I mean. Yes, of course. I was. I used to be in Montreal. So. Yeah. Yeah. If you've ever heard French in Montreal once in a while, especially the French. French. So how would you describe how you know how nasally their sound is? Are you familiar with. Well, yeah, there are words that are. I mean, I forgot. I cannot come up with any word right now. But, yeah, it's. I would say it's. It has that one word that I can remember is. I don't know what the meaning is, and I cannot pronounce it correctly. What is that say. Or something like that? I don't know. Whatever it is, it sounds like there's this nasal tone going on there. And I didn't specifically observe how frequent it is, but probably it's very frequent. Yeah. So can you define that a little further? What's a nasal tone? Yeah, sure. It's not very frequent in English, though, is it? But in. I mean, in my mother tongue, it's quite frequent. It's not very frequent. But there are. I mean, there are some words or have to be very mindful about pronouncing it correctly, or if I don't do that, then it's not the correct pronunciation. I forgot everything. Yeah. Like, what's a nasal. This N sound. I'm talking. And this is about my mother tongue. So that N sound in some cases has to be this. I don't know how I can say this. I have no idea how I can describe it. Yeah, probably I'm doing something with my nose. Who knows? No, you are on the right track. So nasal sounds themselves are sounds that come out of the nose. So if you put your finger here, you can actually feel it with some sounds. Like if you make an M sound, M or N, you can actually feel your nose vibrating. And if you plug your nose, you can't make an M sound, for example. So hold your nose and try to make an M sound. Mad. Okay. Yeah, that's me. Sound like. Like, how do you pronounce M? M? Okay, so, yeah, make it without and then with holding your nose. So just. Okay. Yeah, so it's a little. It's a little difficult. So a nasal sound itself is when it's completely through the nose. So you're on the right track there. So, like, m And N are the big ones in English. But sometimes air comes through the nose in other sounds. So any sound can be a little nasalized. So the French, all their sounds can be a little nasalized. They speak through their nose quite a bit. I'm from the Midwest. I speak through my nose. I really can't call the French out too much. You can actually tell how nasally you speak if you just hold your nose. So if you talk with your nose plunked, you can notice that not just nasals are. You can notice it more with the nasals. So when I make an N or m sound. But there are other sounds that can be a little nasally, so something like that. This sound is especially nasally. So basically, anytime you make a sound, it can go through the nose. Some speakers speak more nasally, some less so. But this particular sound is from the French, and the French happen to speak through their nose a lot. So just keeping that in mind, this isn't a complete nasal sound. It's not like m and n where it's all through the nose. It's still a vowel. But if you want to be very French, about comes through the nose and the mouth. All right, so let's go down to the words. Sure. Without reviewing the sounds, can you read these examples as you would? So before the class, how would you have said these words? Probably that's why I never observed that there's a nasal sound with these. Anyway, so entree and then entrepreneur, encore. On suite, entourage. On route, on 10. I don't know that word. Envoy. I don't know that word either. Envoy. Genre. Double. What is that? Entre, entendre. I don't know what that is. Ensemble. Yeah. So that's how I would read it. Yeah. So you're more familiar with words like entree, entrepreneur, encore. What's like that? Yes. Yeah. So you're actually pronouncing those ones. Right. And how are you pronouncing the either? Well, you could. It's going to be a little more French, but on is the basic sound. So how do you pronounce those? Just pronounce on, like. Yes. Now, the reason I'm asking is because with the words you didn't know, how did you pronounce the e in yes? Yeah. All of these are going to be on. Okay, so a little nasally, like entree, entrepreneur, encore. So it's just like saying on, but a little more fancy. So instead of entree, it's entree, entree. Yeah, yeah, I get that. Okay. Yeah. I'm not. I Don't even know what I'm doing. But if you say I'm pronouncing it nasally, then I guess I'm doing it right. So the tongue is going to be a little in the back of your throat, and you'll actually be able to feel it in the back. If you want to be able to test yourself instead of feeling for all the subtleties, you could always do the nose test. So if you say entre. Entre. Yeah. Entrepreneur. Entrepreneur. With like a regular O is on. On. Make it a little bit more own. Entrepreneur. Entrepreneur. I get that. Okay. Yeah. So give me the nose test with the first. The first. Okay. Entre. Who knows? Who knows If I get into the habit of doing this when I'm speaking to people. Entrepreneur. Yeah, I don't think that's a good idea. But it's a good warm up. Sure. For you to become familiar with the idea. Yeah. I mean, maybe with your friend when she comes back. Oh, no, no, no, it's fine. That'll be too awkward. She'll be like, this guy is awkward. I don't want to meet him anymore. Okay. All right. Entre, entrepreneur. Encore on suit entrance. Yes. So you could still hear it pretty clearly, which means you're not speaking very nasally. So try a little bit more in the back of the throat. A little more through the nose. Entree. Okay. Entree, Entrepreneur. Entree, Entrepreneur. Encore on suit. Entourage on route. Entente. What is that? Okay. Onui. Envoy. Genre. Double entendre ensemble. Yes. Okay, so. So this is. This happens with many of my students. You're not always familiar with all these words. Ennui, for example, we don't use that a lot in English unless we're being very dramatic. It basically means, like, sadness and boredom and drama, basically. So some of these words we might be not the most familiar with. So I always recommend practicing this sound, making it a little more nasally, like entrez. You could drop your mouth a little bit more. Entrez, entrepreneur. And then going to the practice page where there are a lot more examples and just seeing which ones you're familiar with. Just because you might know the sound and be totally familiar with the sound, be like, oh, yeah, I know how to say entrez, envoy, entrepreneur, etc. But then you come across a new word and you say envoy. So just getting familiar with the general pattern. Got it. Okay. Yeah. And if you do see a word in the wild, if it looks French, you know, well, I have a French. You're not a friend. But I Talk to somebody who is French for work. When you talk to them now, you can maybe notice that they speak a little nasally. Do they. Do you speak to them in English? English? English. I cannot speak in French. Well, I don't know. Maybe they say French things once in a while. Once in a while, yeah, sure they do. Sometimes they will confuse one English word with another French word and they'll know still. I can understand that. How? What's their accent like? They have a French accent. He's not an. He's not a native speaker. I mean English. All right. Yeah, it was just. No, I was curious because sometimes depending on how much of an accent they have, if they have like a really heavy French accent you can definitely hear. Yeah, the nasal ness. But sometimes once they are more comfortable in English, it reduces quite a bit. So. So I'm curious how much you would be able to hear. Right. The friend that I was talking about, she's actually native. She's actually a French Canadian. So her first language is French. But then her English is just perfect. I mean without any accent. But the other person that I'm talking about, who I speak about work mostly once in a while he is totally French Kon. So I mean he will probably. Sometimes he will. Let's say he has to say I'm available or he can confuse that word with. Let's say dis. What is a dispone or something like. It's the French word basically for that he will write that word in the sentence that can't. He just mixes things exam. But yeah, his pronunciation is really French. He has that heavy accent. I mean we have so much French and English that if he says a French word we. You might be able to understand it anyway. Yeah, interesting. So you'll have to let me know if you get a chance to speak with him. If you could hear it in his accent now. Yeah, so they just speak. Speak a lot through their nose. Like I said, I can't really call them out on it too much. Michiganders are almost just as bad, but not quite. We speak through our nose in a non romantic way. For some reason they make it sound good. I don't know, I'm jealous. But that's the basic idea is just saying this with a little bit of a French accent. Basically going through the words, making sure that you understand the general pattern so that when you come across a word like this, you, you know which type of E to use. Do you have any questions on these? No, I don't. I mean I understand the concept. Guess I need to practice. All right. In that case, what I would like you to do for homework is just do the review at the en we talked about and go through the link I sent you with the o and then the backwards C. Which the backwards C stands for? Which sound? I don't know. Which sound was that? Au. Au. Yes. All right. We will talk about au a little bit more next time. Let me know if you have any questions, and I'll see you then. Well, it looks like we have done almost all short vowels except for U, lack short U and short U. That's impressive. So, yes, we are going to do a short vowel review after we're done with all those. So if you have time after the practices we talked about, it might be helpful to start going over the short u, the short vowels, and let me know which one you want to work on in the review. Sure. Yeah. I think schwa is definitely something that I need to work on. Again, I think that I have become very familiar with short e, long e, although that's not a short vowel, but an I. O. Au. Yes, these are very recent lag. Short A too, but not too much. Probably with white short A. So, yeah, maybe those. Yeah, go ahead and review them. We're not going to have the review until we're done with the other two. So we have a minute, but go ahead and get a jump start and then let me know the general idea of what you want to practice. All right. Yeah. Thank you so much. Of course. I will see you.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: I mean, I couldn't practice everything that I was supposed to. Yeah. For some reason it gets. I always get delayed when our class was at 8:30. Even then I would have this challenge. Now it's at 9:30. I have the same challenge. It's not like something improved.

Speaker B: Wait, 9:30 was there like.

Speaker A: Oh, it's 9:30. Yes. Right.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah, no, I remember that. I'm like, what are you talking about? It's only 8:30. No, no, you're two hours ahead. Never mind. I can't do math right now. One plus one is difficult, but one plus two, come on.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's. I guess that's quite normal when you're dealing with so many monkeys in a day.

Speaker B: I only have three monkeys nowadays.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. So if you guess you're doing good.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Just assuming anything fun happen since last class.

Speaker A: Well, I asked, do you remember I said that I'm going to meet somebody. She's a native speaker. I'm going to ask her how to pronounce coffee. Sounded like she pronounced it with au. So. Yeah, not short over there. That would occur, I think. Yeah. So I have to pronounce it with you too. I believe that's how it is done here.

Speaker B: Legally obligated. So did you get a chance to look at the website that describes when O becomes an AU diagram?

Speaker A: No, I didn't.

Speaker B: All right, no problem. So sorry, that was up. Let me resend it to you and then you can go ahead and peek at it during this week and then next week we can go through reading practice for it. Yeah. So thankfully this only happens with an O sound. It's not like all the different vowels can be a U at different points. It's only O and it's only in specific situations. There's a few situations, but once you get used to them, it's not super difficult. So I will go ahead and send you the site. I actually recommend this site for a lot of different sounds. It's very detailed, very laying out, maybe a little too much information sometimes, but it's better than not enough. So actually I'll go ahead and share just the VALS version with you and then I can show you where to find the one you're looking for. Just so that you have access to everything, of course. So here you could see as like a vowels consonant, the main part, but you can always just look up what you want to find. Here are all the fun vowels and this little symbol, the backwards C is the au. So written O as a U. And then it has a whole Video and then it has like a listening test on it. So I'll go ahead and share this with you, of course. Like I said, I recommend peeking over anything that you would want help with. It's a very good site. But I'll just send this for now. Do you have any questions about anything else before we kind of skip over that for the time being?

Speaker A: No, not really. I was watching our recording, I mean, recording on the last class. So I remember things now. I mean, remember what I did. So let's go ahead with the practice.

Speaker B: All right, awesome. So we have a new sound that we're going to do today. We're going to take a step away from the trio that we've been going over and we're going to talk about something a little different called French en.

Speaker A: Oh, okay. And for this O with the inverted C, what did you say I have to do? I have. I'm supposed to go through this later on.

Speaker B: Yeah, later on. So I'm going to give you the week to look at that. Just because the site draws it out pretty clearly. I don't want to spend class time on it. If I think. I think you'll get it outside of class. Looking at it independently, you'll be able to handle it. So if you do have any questions, of course you can let me know. But I'm going to give you the week to kind of skim over that, do some practices and we're going to catch up about it next time.

Speaker A: Okay. Sounds good.

Speaker B: All right. Go to the French en worksheet. Please.

Speaker A: Do that. Yes, I'm there.

Speaker B: All right, whenever you're ready, read the explanation.

Speaker A: Let me send a quick text, please.

Speaker B: Okay. Are you texting someone about Black Cat Appreciation Day?

Speaker A: No, I didn't do that. It was Will. The thing is, this is also something interesting. It's about my mom learning English now. So I'm talking to somebody and trying to fix them up. Yeah. So yeah, the teacher texted me and I didn't want to delay, so just got back to her for a second. Yeah. Anyway, I'm ready to read the explanation if you want me to do that now.

Speaker B: Go ahead. Okay.

Speaker A: Some words in English come from other languages. These are called loan words. Of course, I know that, but you don't return them. And the pronunciation is usually adapted over time as they become more commonly spoken. Most words that come from French came from French, for example, have been completely Anglicized. Are given an English sounding pronunciation. However, in some words, certain aspects of the pronunciation remains reminiscent of their origin. Especially if. Especially in words that have been adapted into English within the last few centuries. This is the case with. With the e N combination when it appears in a word of French origin. To make this sound, drop the jaw slightly, tighten the lips, and tighten the lips at the same time, arch the back of the tongue and lower the soft palate so that the airflow is directed up through the nose, making it sound. Making it a nasal sound. All of these mouth positions are done at one time, so it is a static sound. And then there's this diagram.

Speaker B: Yes. So real quick, before we get into anything. How did you say this word?

Speaker A: This word? There's no way.

Speaker B: I said in the chat.

Speaker A: Oh, in the chat.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: One second.

Speaker B: Yeah, no problem.

Speaker A: Okay. Nasal. I think I pronounced nasal.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Nasal.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. No, nasal is right. I was just. I'm like. You've read that word before. Yeah. So you corrected. Moving on back to French. En. When do we make this sound?

Speaker A: Well, when there's an e N combination in a loan word from the French language.

Speaker B: Yes. So as it was saying, if we've had the word for a long time, we kind of make it our own. But France and Britain had some recent dealings. They've been dealing with each other since forever. But we're constantly getting French words. Just we can't keep away. So a lot of these words are still pronounced with a little bit of a French flair. You know, I've obviously met French people. They say it way more French than we do, but we have just a little bit of French sprinkle. Okay, so we'll see how that is handled. And how do we pronounce the actual sound?

Speaker A: Okay, so the mouth. Tongue position and everything. It's a. It's a complicated one. I mean, I. I mean, there are a lot of things happening at the same time. I see the jaw is slightly dropped and the lips are being tightened. I don't exactly understand what that means. The tongue is being arched in the back slightly, and the low. The palate is. Upper palette is being lowered. The. It's called the upper palette. Right.

Speaker B: Soft palate softball. Okay, so the soft palate is this part in the back of the mouth that's soft, that can go up and down. The upper palate is just the top of the mouth in general. Like in the medium, in the middle, we can't really move the upper palate, but the soft palate we can.

Speaker A: Okay, got it. All right, Sure. So it's like.

Speaker B: Let's break it down a little bit.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So first of all, you did mention the soft Palate, which is very important. The soft palate is usually going up. In this case, it's lowering. And what's important about that is this sound can be a little nasally. So if you've ever heard French, you know that they speak pretty nasally.

Speaker A: I mean. Yes, of course. I was. I used to be in Montreal. So.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. If you've ever heard French in Montreal once in a while, especially the French. French. So how would you describe how you know how nasally their sound is? Are you familiar with.

Speaker A: Well, yeah, there are words that are. I mean, I forgot. I cannot come up with any word right now. But, yeah, it's. I would say it's. It has that one word that I can remember is. I don't know what the meaning is, and I cannot pronounce it correctly. What is that say. Or something like that? I don't know. Whatever it is, it sounds like there's this nasal tone going on there. And I didn't specifically observe how frequent it is, but probably it's very frequent.

Speaker B: Yeah. So can you define that a little further? What's a nasal tone?

Speaker A: Yeah, sure. It's not very frequent in English, though, is it? But in. I mean, in my mother tongue, it's quite frequent. It's not very frequent. But there are. I mean, there are some words or have to be very mindful about pronouncing it correctly, or if I don't do that, then it's not the correct pronunciation. I forgot everything.

Speaker B: Yeah. Like, what's a nasal.

Speaker A: This N sound. I'm talking. And this is about my mother tongue. So that N sound in some cases has to be this. I don't know how I can say this. I have no idea how I can describe it. Yeah, probably I'm doing something with my nose. Who knows?

Speaker B: No, you are on the right track. So nasal sounds themselves are sounds that come out of the nose. So if you put your finger here, you can actually feel it with some sounds. Like if you make an M sound, M or N, you can actually feel your nose vibrating. And if you plug your nose, you can't make an M sound, for example. So hold your nose and try to make an M sound.

Speaker A: Mad. Okay. Yeah, that's me.

Speaker B: Sound like.

Speaker A: Like, how do you pronounce M?

Speaker B: M? Okay, so, yeah, make it without and then with holding your nose. So just.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, so it's a little. It's a little difficult. So a nasal sound itself is when it's completely through the nose. So you're on the right track there. So, like, m And N are the big ones in English. But sometimes air comes through the nose in other sounds. So any sound can be a little nasalized. So the French, all their sounds can be a little nasalized. They speak through their nose quite a bit. I'm from the Midwest. I speak through my nose. I really can't call the French out too much. You can actually tell how nasally you speak if you just hold your nose. So if you talk with your nose plunked, you can notice that not just nasals are. You can notice it more with the nasals. So when I make an N or m sound. But there are other sounds that can be a little nasally, so something like that. This sound is especially nasally. So basically, anytime you make a sound, it can go through the nose. Some speakers speak more nasally, some less so. But this particular sound is from the French, and the French happen to speak through their nose a lot. So just keeping that in mind, this isn't a complete nasal sound. It's not like m and n where it's all through the nose. It's still a vowel. But if you want to be very French, about comes through the nose and the mouth. All right, so let's go down to the words.

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker B: Without reviewing the sounds, can you read these examples as you would? So before the class, how would you have said these words?

Speaker A: Probably that's why I never observed that there's a nasal sound with these. Anyway, so entree and then entrepreneur, encore. On suite, entourage. On route, on 10. I don't know that word. Envoy. I don't know that word either. Envoy. Genre. Double. What is that? Entre, entendre. I don't know what that is. Ensemble. Yeah. So that's how I would read it.

Speaker B: Yeah. So you're more familiar with words like entree, entrepreneur, encore. What's like that? Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So you're actually pronouncing those ones. Right. And how are you pronouncing the either? Well, you could. It's going to be a little more French, but on is the basic sound. So how do you pronounce those?

Speaker A: Just pronounce on, like.

Speaker B: Yes. Now, the reason I'm asking is because with the words you didn't know, how did you pronounce the e in yes?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: All of these are going to be on. Okay, so a little nasally, like entree, entrepreneur, encore. So it's just like saying on, but a little more fancy. So instead of entree, it's entree, entree.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I get that. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: I'm not. I Don't even know what I'm doing. But if you say I'm pronouncing it nasally, then I guess I'm doing it right.

Speaker B: So the tongue is going to be a little in the back of your throat, and you'll actually be able to feel it in the back. If you want to be able to test yourself instead of feeling for all the subtleties, you could always do the nose test. So if you say entre. Entre.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Entrepreneur. Entrepreneur. With like a regular O is on.

Speaker A: On.

Speaker B: Make it a little bit more own.

Speaker A: Entrepreneur. Entrepreneur. I get that. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. So give me the nose test with the first. The first.

Speaker A: Okay. Entre.

Speaker B: Who knows?

Speaker A: Who knows If I get into the habit of doing this when I'm speaking to people. Entrepreneur.

Speaker B: Yeah, I don't think that's a good idea. But it's a good warm up.

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker B: For you to become familiar with the idea.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: I mean, maybe with your friend when she comes back.

Speaker A: Oh, no, no, no, it's fine. That'll be too awkward. She'll be like, this guy is awkward. I don't want to meet him anymore. Okay. All right. Entre, entrepreneur. Encore on suit entrance.

Speaker B: Yes. So you could still hear it pretty clearly, which means you're not speaking very nasally. So try a little bit more in the back of the throat. A little more through the nose. Entree.

Speaker A: Okay. Entree, Entrepreneur. Entree, Entrepreneur. Encore on suit. Entourage on route. Entente. What is that? Okay. Onui. Envoy. Genre. Double entendre ensemble.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay, so.

Speaker B: So this is. This happens with many of my students. You're not always familiar with all these words. Ennui, for example, we don't use that a lot in English unless we're being very dramatic. It basically means, like, sadness and boredom and drama, basically. So some of these words we might be not the most familiar with. So I always recommend practicing this sound, making it a little more nasally, like entrez. You could drop your mouth a little bit more. Entrez, entrepreneur. And then going to the practice page where there are a lot more examples and just seeing which ones you're familiar with. Just because you might know the sound and be totally familiar with the sound, be like, oh, yeah, I know how to say entrez, envoy, entrepreneur, etc. But then you come across a new word and you say envoy. So just getting familiar with the general pattern.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. And if you do see a word in the wild, if it looks French,

Speaker A: you know, well, I have a French. You're not a friend. But I Talk to somebody who is French for work.

Speaker B: When you talk to them now, you can maybe notice that they speak a little nasally. Do they. Do you speak to them in English?

Speaker A: English? English. I cannot speak in French.

Speaker B: Well, I don't know. Maybe they say French things once in a while.

Speaker A: Once in a while, yeah, sure they do. Sometimes they will confuse one English word with another French word and they'll know still. I can understand that.

Speaker B: How? What's their accent like?

Speaker A: They have a French accent. He's not an. He's not a native speaker. I mean English.

Speaker B: All right. Yeah, it was just. No, I was curious because sometimes depending on how much of an accent they have, if they have like a really heavy French accent you can definitely hear. Yeah, the nasal ness. But sometimes once they are more comfortable in English, it reduces quite a bit. So. So I'm curious how much you would be able to hear.

Speaker A: Right. The friend that I was talking about, she's actually native. She's actually a French Canadian. So her first language is French. But then her English is just perfect. I mean without any accent. But the other person that I'm talking about, who I speak about work mostly once in a while he is totally French Kon. So I mean he will probably. Sometimes he will. Let's say he has to say I'm available or he can confuse that word with. Let's say dis. What is a dispone or something like. It's the French word basically for that he will write that word in the sentence that can't. He just mixes things exam. But yeah, his pronunciation is really French. He has that heavy accent.

Speaker B: I mean we have so much French and English that if he says a French word we. You might be able to understand it anyway. Yeah, interesting. So you'll have to let me know if you get a chance to speak with him. If you could hear it in his accent now. Yeah, so they just speak. Speak a lot through their nose. Like I said, I can't really call them out on it too much. Michiganders are almost just as bad, but not quite. We speak through our nose in a non romantic way. For some reason they make it sound good. I don't know, I'm jealous. But that's the basic idea is just saying this with a little bit of a French accent. Basically going through the words, making sure that you understand the general pattern so that when you come across a word like this, you, you know which type of E to use. Do you have any questions on these?

Speaker A: No, I don't. I mean I understand the concept. Guess I need to practice.

Speaker B: All right. In that case, what I would like you to do for homework is just do the review at the en we talked about and go through the link I sent you with the o and then the backwards C. Which the backwards C stands for? Which sound?

Speaker A: I don't know. Which sound was that? Au.

Speaker B: Au. Yes. All right. We will talk about au a little bit more next time. Let me know if you have any questions, and I'll see you then.

Speaker A: Well, it looks like we have done almost all short vowels except for U, lack short U and short U. That's impressive.

Speaker B: So, yes, we are going to do a short vowel review after we're done with all those. So if you have time after the practices we talked about, it might be helpful to start going over the short u, the short vowels, and let me know which one you want to work on in the review.

Speaker A: Sure. Yeah. I think schwa is definitely something that I need to work on. Again, I think that I have become very familiar with short e, long e, although that's not a short vowel, but an I. O. Au. Yes, these are very recent lag. Short A too, but not too much. Probably with white short A. So, yeah, maybe those.

Speaker B: Yeah, go ahead and review them. We're not going to have the review until we're done with the other two. So we have a minute, but go ahead and get a jump start and then let me know the general idea of what you want to practice.

Speaker A: All right. Yeah. Thank you so much.

Speaker B: Of course. I will see you.

