Transcript for: Recording__1049.mp4
Title: Recording #1049
============================================================

Terms of food brands is the biggest one, I guess I would say are bigger and one of our only competitors in Canada that's online and on retail shelves. So I would say that they're most significant in terms of just a comparable item. And then we can maybe actually just jump right to your recommended copy of the Camelina oil and some of the key search terms. Sure. Yeah. Okay. I'll share my screen second. All right, Next steps. Yeah, so we are here. Okay, so these are the. You wanted to start with the content. Yeah, we can just kind of jump. Yeah, yeah, sure. And okay. Perhaps it would be better to also talk about these. This is what I wanted to highlight throughout the listing. And I'll just. You know what, delete this from here. So. Yeah, so these are the things that I want to. These are the key messages that I want to highlight throughout the listing, whether it's title or the bullet point. So maybe it's better to start here. And so these are the talking points, as in, these will be the primary. The, the first bullets that. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Yes. And the biggest thing I was looking for was just making sure. Because when we state facts about these things, just making sure that they're stated properly. Like also it has to be compliant. I remember you mentioning. We cannot say. I cannot directly claim that this has these kind of benefits because it's a food item. Instead it has Omega 3 and that has. That is helpful for this and this. That's how we can present them. Yes. And so. And then in this order is your recommendation or. I'm just kind of. My only kind of thought was should taste and texture come before the pet health. Okay, yes. Yes, we can do that. So you were. I was just up on your, on the. Yeah. On the talking points up there. You have taste and texture for cold applications. Yeah, that makes. Yeah, okay. Yeah, that. That makes sense. That will also make a difference when you are going to do the images and that's more important. Okay. Okay. And then sustainably grown in Canada. Okay. Yeah. And then the new title here. So I see. So because Healthy cooking oil, smoke point 475, healthy cooking oil, omega 3 and vitamin E rich for dressings. And I don't know. And again, I guess they'll reject if something because for instance, and I don't know if this detail is something, but we say omega 3 and vitamin E rich. Like we are actually like on our label we say source of omega 3 and vitamin E. I don't know if that's verbiage matters or counts. I wonder If I should even send you just an image of the label to show home, like I guess I have the product by the way. Oh, you have? I have received circles. Yeah. Okay, good. Yeah. Because high smoke point cold press to keep it free of toxins, a source of omega 3 fatty acids. And we've always called it like. Yeah, perfect for everyday cooking. And then what was the other thing I was going to say? This bottle doesn't have it. Why not? And I don't know if it matters for oils, but we actually have a QR code on our bottles that traces back to how the oil is made. It's very common in like olive oils. And quality of knowing how it's pressed and made. I don't know if that's something maybe that's more a plus content stuff versus bullet points. But that like where you say sustainably grown in Canada, like it's almost like you could say fully traceable. Yeah. It's kind of say. Yeah. And you can trace it through the QR code or through the lot number on the bottle. Yeah, sure. Okay. I have noticed that point. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And so what's the difference between the talking points and the bullet points? Well, so I have the. If you see these, I have basically implemented the same concepts in the bullet points right here. It's formatted like a bullet point where we are starting with the header that we be able to communicate the message, the first talking point or key message. Even if they ignore to read the rest of the bullet point, they should be able to get the message just from the header. And then we are expanding on the concept and then we're doing AC optimization. I see. So the talking point is the general statement. The bullet point is how it needs to be written, how you recommend it's actually written into the page. Okay. Yeah. And if it is in Canada, we'll just change some of these feelings. Yeah, yeah. And then the only other thing again, I. I don't know, I don't know in your opinion. But it is, it is kind of like when we start. So High Heat Stable 475 Smoke Point or Camelin alcohol stays stable even at scorching temperatures. Again, it's kind of like it has a high smoke point. But to say to use it at scorching temperatures is like you should never use any oil at like scorching temperatures. You know. So I don't know if that verbiage is sure is correct. Unless for some reason that word scorching is like. So it's almost like high with 475 smoke point. Our Camelina oil cooking oil. It's almost like is is stable and safe to use for high temperature cooking. That's, that's what it is for, for everyday cooking. Maybe we can say it's stable and safe to use for everyday cooking. And then you get into, you know we say sear steak but I wonder if that even has to be called out like searing steak. Like maybe it's more like the usages of like sauteing, roasting, searing or you know what I mean. Instead of saying searing steak, roast the veggies or bake the goods, you could say just the general saute, roast, sear, bake with this healthy cooking oil. No burnt flavors or lost nutrition. So don't mention what to do but like the items. Yeah, maybe like mention the cooking method but don't necessarily say sear steak. I feel like that can be very limiting. Like so maybe just say saute. Like how do we see it on our bottle we say great for sauteing, roasting, grilling and baking. Got it. Okay. I'll just take a look at the. Yeah. What is written on the label? Yeah, it's under taste and use. I don't know if this is my most up to date label but that's just. Yeah, it basically says great for dressings, dips and marinades, saute, roast, grill and bake. It's just saying the cooking methods and then because how we call it is it's for your. For everyday use. It's your everyday cooking oil. Great for all of these things. So of course this is. You're talking specifically to 475 Smoke Point. So that's saute, roast, grill and bake. And then you talk to salads I think somewhere else here. Oh yeah, mild nutty taste note. Use it in salad dressings, drizzle on veggies. Maybe enriched soups might be kind of weird drizzle on veggies. It's nutty flavor with earthy undertones. Makes it ideal for cold uses like vegan omega 3 dressings, dips or marinade. So I wonder if this one's just written a bit repetitive or mild nutty taste note again I wonder if you could refer to. You mean the here we have also mentioned the test note. And here I like that mild nutty taste. And do you have to say note or just mild nutty taste? That's also fine. Yeah, yeah. So maybe so mild nutty taste. And then I guess I wonder if instead of use it in you can say great for Salad dressings, dips, marinades, or drizzling on your vegetables, like something like that, or I don't know, are there keywords? I guess you put Omega 3 in here. That probably is a keyword you want in there. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And sorry, you wanted to not repeat the flavor here again. No, you can repeat the flavor. I'm more, I'm more talking about the, how we say the usages. So right now it's saying using salad dressings, drizzle on veggies or enriched soups. Or you took that. Oh, drizzle on veggies or soups. Okay. And then you say it's nutty flavor with earthy undertones makes it ideal for cold uses. Like I wonder if that sentence should go first, like where you say, you say mild nutty taste and then it should start with its nutty flavor with earthy undertones makes it ideal for cold use. Like omega 3 dressings, dips or marinades. And then the next sentence you would say use it in salad dressings, drizzle on veggies or soups. So something like this will be the first. Yeah, I think just reads. Yeah, I think it just reads better that way. Okay. And I'm assuming you put in vegan omega 3 dressings because those are keywords. You're, you're working into this. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. All right, and then how about the next one? And then same oil you trust for pets. That's cute. Treat your dogs and horses to the same premium food grade oil you use daily. Omega 3 and vitamin E should support shiny coats, joint health and overall wellness. No additives, just pure cold pressed nutrition. Okay, so the write up is good. This is, it's factual. That is how it supports pet health, I guess. And you're wanting to use both. So you use the word pets and then you specifically say dogs and horses. Do we want is, do we have to say horses in there? And the reason I say that is because once you say a horse, like a 500 mil bottle is irrelevant. Like for a horse to buy through a horse, like maybe our 5 liter. But like when you talk about equine, like horse nutrition, like you're talking like 20 liter buckets. Again, if the word helps dogs for sure. Dogs or cats? Those are house pets. Both. Yes. Right. Do they usually use Camelina for cats too? Yes. Yeah, there's a feline line of Camelina oil. Yes. So dogs, cats and horses for sure. And I'm not opposed to saying horses. If this helps to like again, just be Seen and whatever. It's just more if, if a horse consumer comes in a 500 mil bottle is like irrelevant for them. So maybe it's more an audience of, of dogs and feline like home, house pets, furry family friends. So because they're sharing in it with you and your family, whether it's you and your furry family friends or it's your. So maybe you could update that to same oil you trust for pets, treat your, your dogs and kitties or cats or whatever they say to the same premium food grade oil. And, and do you want me to add, add in that horse for the 5 liter variation or again, I would just kind of say just because I, I think the conversion will be very low given what the low quantity of the item. I think you'd be better to call out dogs and, and cats and I don't know if you have to specifically say cats or feline. I don't know how they're searching health. Is it feline health or cat health or dog health? Right. Yeah, okay. Yes, sure. The thing is based on the reviews, I just found it for dogs and horse things. Yeah. And it's because there's probably more distribution towards dogs right now. There's less awareness of feline health or less brands out there that have a specific feline line. But for sure you might see that grow over time or we might get more because cats like maybe they want a small bottle. Yeah, so, so okay, so yeah, so that reads better. That reads good. And then made responsibly in Canada, sustainably grown in Canada, this, this planet friendly cooking oil is non nut free and rich in plant based Omega 3. A clean choice for conscious kitchens. Okay. And then again you're kind of how you're working in these words like even nut free, it is a peanut free oil, I guess. Right. Rich in plant based omega 3. Yeah. It's not Fish place. A clean choice for conscious kitchens. Also gluten free and kosher. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, just wanted to include the call outs. Yeah. Okay. And then again in here, I don't know if this. Oh, you already put it. Add fully traceable. You made a comment there, something about traceability. Yeah. Okay. And then backend keywords. This is just based on the keyword research. You can't even read these and make sense of these because these are not complete words. Okay. And the SEO keywords. So these SEO keywords. So this your recommendation or this is what you're seeing or both. Well, so these are the, I just skipped it here. These are the SEO keywords. That I have used in the bullet points and the title. Okay. I'm just trying to see if there's any maybe keyword questions I have that could be missing from SEO. Do you think the Canadian thing is big right now? Like Canadian made, Canadian grown and made. Well, based on LinkedIn. Yes. And also some. I think it is a trend. I don't know how practically, how much people are caring about it. I'm not sure about that, but I do see some influence, of course. Okay. And you do have it worked in because you say, I think on the last point, Canadian. It's not necessarily in the title or anything, but we can have that. I think it's. If it is in the bottle, we can work that in somewhere. Okay. Yeah. Okay. And then the only other thing we have, organic cooking oil. I get that that's maybe like a keyword, but it is not organic. Just so that we know that, like, we haven't necessarily put that into anything. I don't think Amazon will say you're saying it, but you're not. So. Yeah. Non gmo. Yes, but organic. We're not organic. Did I say organic anywhere in this content? No. Right? No. No. Okay. Okay. It's just in the keywords here, right? Yeah. Is that right? Yeah. Okay, that's. I ignore, like, I actually read what applies to our product. So I think that was a conscious decision that I made. Okay. And where do these SEO keywords, like, what do you do with these after this? You just kind of wrote your list and then you make sure that they get worked in. Yes. So they are already worked in. In this content. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And I just keep them here for visibility. I can also refer to these later on. Let's say we need to review. After a year we want to review. Not a year, even maybe later on, we just want to review if everything's fine. If we can discover if there are new keywords that you could include. Or maybe we want to go broader with the SEO strategy. These are very specific to our product, very relevant if there is any. After we rank our product for these keywords. What if we consider ranking for broader keywords like cooking oil. We are already using it, but can we do something better than this? Can we. This is just an example. So I'll just not try to be very specific. Just as an example, if there are broader keywords and if we can include that, like, later on, we'll know. Okay. These are the keywords that you consider now. So maybe we should consider these new sets of keywords later on. That's why I kept it here. Yeah. And will you use this same copy for the 5 liter? Yes. Okay. You could potentially add with the 5 liter something around the bulk, like versatility or not versatility, but it's like wine in a box. Right. So it's very like you can keep refilling your bottle. So what would you say? It's almost like more environmentally friendly because you're buying in bulk and you're refilling your bottle. But if that matters, that would be the only additional thing. But otherwise all these points are still relevant. It's the same product, just different packaging. Okay. I'll just maybe just add somewhere. And that is actually a question because. And I don't know if you've seen this in some of your research or some of the reviews. I didn't see it mentioned lots. But packaging like this is in a glass tinted bottle to protect the quality. Like I don't know if that is a point that matters. The 5 liter bag in a box is like BPA free food, safe grade, no chemicals, like that kind of stuff. Recyclable. So those things might matter. Okay. What do you call that when you can keep refilling? It's like bulk. Like it's like. Yeah, I get the idea. Yeah. It's not reusable. There's a word. It's like. It's a refill. Basically. It's a refill. The five liter is a refill. That refill pack, basically. Yeah. That you can use. And also I think it's quite convenient to use from the 5 liter pack because you have a tab that. Is that what you call it? Yeah. So a convenient pore spout I get. Or is that what you call convenient pore? Valve po. Okay. A convenient. Or valve man chat. GGP might have better, better words for this. It's like a spout. A spout or a valve. I don't know. Valve is a weird word, but maybe it's spout. Convenient, convenient. Poor spout. I'll look into that. I'll look into that for now. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So those are all the others. And so maybe jump. Is it in this document, the search terms like your. Okay, so let's jump to the images actually first. So. And then again in. So you have by the way, I don't know in the text, in your headline text. I wonder if we should be using sear. I think we should be using and even frying. It's not the best to like deep fry with oil but. But saute like Saute is a better word where it just saute, roasting, saute, roasting, grilling and baking. Those are the four cooking methods that are most common. Grilling and baking. Yeah. No burn taste, nutrition. And where is this no burnt taste. Is this something you saw lots in reviews or something or. Yes, I think that's why it's here. Um, do you think it doesn't apply? I've never heard that. I've never. I don't come across that much in terms of no burnt taste. Like the point here is because it's. It has high. Is stable at high temperature. Right? Yeah, it's. It doesn't give you that off putting taste if you. Let's say. I don't know if anyone cooks with olive oil at high temperature, but that will probably give you a weird taste. Or maybe even if you want to cook with butter, if it is at high temperature, probably that will not taste good. I'm just wondering if there's something better to. You could try it. I don't know. I don't. I just don't come across that a lot. Okay. And so what do you see for this image? So a flame graphic with 475Fahrenheit in a fiery topography. Do you have. You probably. It's really hard to get examples of these. Hey. Yes. It doesn't have to be exactly like these. I just. I can probably attach some references where I have seen these kind of images when they. Let's say for some spices, I have seen those listings where they're sharing, making something and then they will just. It's hard to describe. I'm sorry, I'll probably refer. I'll probably find some of those listings and add some of those images here for reference. Okay. Yeah. Because so image one retains three times more Omega three and venomy. A droplet graphic with tiny Omega three and vitamin E icons. So these will probably take a bit because we kind of just need to get like a foundational visual to like work up from. Right? Like, sure. And it doesn't have to be these. I am not a. I know I can mention 100 different things, but when it comes to actually doing it with the graphic designer, it may be impractical. So I just keep these as a reference. Yeah. Okay. So we may incorporate. Not all the design is too busy. So flame graphic with fiery. I get what you're saying. It's almost like. And because this, this image you want it, it's. These are like very lifestyle looking images. Right. Like the actual use. The bottle is being poured While it. There's a pan, like, that's kind of what you envision. Right. Like it's being used. Right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I wonder if I need to do a little photo shoot, which is hard to do because I'm going to. And see what a designer can do. But we don't have a lot. We don't have a lot of the camelino oil, and it's a really hard one to stage. You can't just take any oil and make it like. You can just take any bottle of oil. Right. So to think and then image three. Okay. Shiny Koitz join house. So we may incorporate. So this is an easy one. She can stock image, like any sort of pet. Yeah. And probably you would want to use these at the. As the third image and this one as the fourth. Dressings, dips and drizzles. You see something here for a second? I'm just gonna say something here for a second because we do have. I'm just gonna steal the screen for one second here. Show home. Like, do you see my screen in a second? Probably like, this is an example of one of the only shots we have of the camelina oil pouring into a pan. You know what I still cannot see? Is that on our Amazon one already? Oh, you can't see. It's just. Yeah. What am I seeing? Okay, let me try to get Sam. Now can you see? No, it's totally white. What the hell? My screen is white. Let me change screens and see if it shares over here. Now do you see what's going on? Is it a link that you're trying to show me? No, I'm just trying to show. I'm just trying to show our website page, but it might even be. How about you give me the link and maybe I'll just share my screen? I don't know. Yeah. Although I'm thinking this is probably. It's actually okay. Actually, never mind. Because the image I'm sharing with you is. Oh. Actually, the drizzle on popcorn. Sorry. If you actually just go to our current Amazon page, show home, and you see the images on our current Amazon page, there's that one image of camelina oil pouring into a saute pan. Yes. Oh, I'll just share my screen. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So, yeah, just go to those images. Like that image. So is that a start to what you're looking for in terms of the smoke point? We just want to, like, elevate the heat a bit. Like, just make it kind of add470. Do you want to, like, add. Because you can. There's space there to add the 475, like on the page. Right. Like a smoke point. Maybe the. I'm just going to send you a picture of this. Like, you could literally snip this into the chat so that you can see what I'm talking about. She can clean this up a bit, but you could literally, with that image, almost get her to work in a smoke point temperature gauge that way. You see in the chat. Did I share something in the chat? That's a good. Yes, I like this. Okay, so maybe the direction to give her, like, take that saute image, because I. We don't have many right now. Definitely with the rebrand, we'll do another photo shoot and keep lots of these things in the mind. But I'll say take that image and this smoke point thing, but make sure that 475 Camelin oil is really big. Like, it's like. And maybe add some sort of little flame, like bring them together somehow so that they work graphic. They look nice, obviously. So that one's about smoke point. Basically, that image. Okay. The other one you had was about addressings. Yes. Dressings, dips and marinades. So you know what. And drizzling. So the drizzling on popcorn show home is actually a high usage for our consumers. Okay. It is actually a thing. So. So it could be like, so drizzle, drizzle over salad, for sure. Salad, veggies or even popcorn or something like that. And you might want to work popcorn back up into your bullets too, maybe, because then people are looking for a popcorn oil. So this one bursting with flavor, subheading, dressings, dips and drizzles. This one is about. Likely mostly about salad, right? Yes, yes. Right now the salad image is there. Salad image. There's one salad image on Amazon that has the chickpeas on it. So go to. Yeah, that one. Okay. What do you think of that image? We can use it. I mean, if we have it already, we can definitely use it. Okay, so you feel that this satisfies that one? Or what would you like? How would you like to. How would you like to add to this? Or I think. Okay. In how I was picturing it is it will not be the background image, the entire thing. But if we want to use it, then it will be. It has to be a background image. Then you have to overlay the text and whatever else you want to do it. That is also fine. Yeah. It will just change the style. That's all. Nothing else. Okay. Because. Yeah, because this is the hard because I want to brief the designer, but I need like a. I need like some sort of visual to ground her in. So the other thing I was thinking here was I'm trying to look at like, I don't know what Signe Cameline does. On theirs. What do they have for images? Okay, so maybe if you look at that one, are there any images? Like they have a really good infographic image. Their past image is kind of weird. They have a smoke point image. Here. Maybe go to this one for a second on your screen. Oh, I gotta plug in my computer. Yeah, so I'm. Oh yeah, go to Signy. That's their five liter. Go to their bottle. Their bottle. I think they have more like in home cook images. I'm just gonna plug in my computer. Okay, sure. Hopefully I can see it this time. Plug in. There we go. Are there any images on that on their website? Do you see? Yeah, not their website, their Amazon page. So here's this one. I put the link in there and then I'm gonna look at this other. This cool oil in the US that I really like. Yeah, I see that there's some lifestyle images here. Yeah, the smoke point one. And Sorry, do you want to share your screen again? I don't know why I can't share my screen. That's really annoying. Let's look at Signe and if there's any ones in there that you really like that we should work up. Let's do that. And then I shared this other brand page with you. Their graphics are not the best, but there might be something directional in there. So this brand, this is just a, an oil brand that I really like. I think they just do a really good job. If you go to some of their, I guess different pages maybe in the shop. Oh yeah. If you go into the shop and just hit the trio, go to the trio image there. Yeah, so they just have some images on the side. These are mostly lifestyle ones. I've seen them before. You okay? Yeah. What did you want to show? Well, I was just. Again, I'm just looking for something directional so that like something that is maybe satisfying from another brand. Like your ask. Right. So this is how they communicate on salads. Yeah, I think these are some Asian something probably Asian dish. Yeah, it's more. This is how they're communicating. Smoke point. But, But so the current salad photo that you have, you're saying there just needs to be some copy put on it. So she might just have to rework the image to make sure that the, the Points. The icons fit on it. Yeah. Okay. I like these lifestyle pictures. This is. This is the kind of picture. This is what I was imagining, basically, right? Mm. Yeah. Yeah. It's like a high. It's really about the use, like showing using the product. Yeah. And they have three different. Three different oils for three different applications, right? Yeah. Okay, so can you go back to our Amazon page for a second? Because again, there's kind of like images in the now that I might have to force together, but I could just. Or there's a photo shoot. So if you had to use. If we had to in the now use these images, is it really just about putting some copy and some points on each one? We can do that. Okay, that works. Yeah. As long as it's, you know, the purpose would be that the customers can read it. Not even read it. They will just skim through the images and they will get the message quickly. Right. Okay, so this one, for instance, we could keep this one, but you would say. You could say buttery drizzle for your popcorn or something like that. Yeah. And then go back to the salad one. And what was it in your copy that you wanted to written on the salad one? You want the use, like drizzle your salads or. It was this one. This one. Okay, so dressings, dips and drizzles. And then the image is oil drizzling over the salad. Okay, so I'll look. I might have an image of us actually pouring oil on the salad versus just staged with it. So we'll look. Because that sounds like it's your preference, like actually pouring over the salad. And then the sub headline, you're saying it just needs to say on the image. This is the. This is the headline and sub headline. So I'll just do this. And then I was thinking of this as a solid line. Do you think that would be a good fit? Okay, so. And sorry, for my own knowledge, where do you put the sub. Where do you put the head? Can you show me? Example, where's the headline versus the sub headline in an image? So these will go on top. Okay. Yes. And sometimes I have seen. Let's say that's the top. And then we can either place it right below the headline or somewhere in the image in a stylized font so that it's easy to read. Yeah. And cold. Ready. Did you mean cold pressed? No, I mean cold applications. Okay. Gotcha kit. Yeah. First thing with flavor. Okay. And then dressing, dips and drizzles. Okay. Okay. I think I can get her started on Something. And then. Okay, and then we have image four is for pets. So that's an easier one. So that's sub. And so the image for the headline is same oil you love for them. Yes, that's the headline. Okay. And then the text is. You want it done in icon. Shiny coat, joint health, pure nutrition. Yes. Okay. Okay. And then what's number five? Okay, number five is the grown and made in Canada. We'll probably add the traceable element to here. Okay. Yeah. So number five for the image could potentially be the traceability. Like the QR code. Trace your oil and like a picture of. Would you like that or say that again. You want to add the QR code here in the image. Well, so this is about grown and made in Canada. The traceability. So for the image, would you want. I don't have a most recent bottle in my office right now. Oh, yeah, this is just. This is not the most recent. But for the image, it's a QR code where they. Can you scan the QR code? So would you want the image to be referring to that? Sure. Yeah. Okay. And then what about that video? That's educational video, like for Camelin oil, the one that you sent me. Yeah, yeah, I watched it. It's. It's. I would say, very compact and so much information. Everything that you want to say is basically there. So I think along with all of these feedbacks, I'll also see if I can use some of those languages that you have used in the video and then add them here. Okay. And is there somewhere we can post that video? Because can you post that video as an image? Not a hundred percent. We should do that. Okay. And it. So it gets its own image cell or it has to go to the bottom. So if. Okay, if you want to show it as one of the image. It's not the image, but anyway. So if you want to secure one of those image placements that you have to keep, keep six images and then the seventh placement will be for the video. Oh, I see. Now if you have more than six, then it will be one of those videos that you have to click on one image and then see where the video is. What do you think of that? What is your recommendation that we do that? I think we should keep six images and then the last placement should be for the video. Okay, so six images plus videos. I'm just making my notes here. And that's why you will also see I have given you suggestions for five images. Main image is the first one and then five images and that Means six in total. And then we can use the seventh one for the video. Okay. Then I'm going to review lifestyle it. So point shirt. Drizzling. And if you have more than one video, by the way, we should upload anything that is relevant for our Amazon listing. Anything that you'd like to show. Okay, well, in terms of like product specific, that that has always existed for Camelina Oil because it's been like an educational video. Like nobody never knows what it is. So we've, we put that together like honestly like 20 years ago, I feel like. And we've just used it. So. Okay, so you're actually saying on the Amazon page the video will be able to be clicked on like as like any other image. Okay. Okay. So. Okay, so sort of next steps on Camelina Oil. So I'll, I'll get Lindsay started on the images. What do you need for the video posting? Just that YouTube link that I've already shared. No, I need the video file. You need the video file? Oh, God, how do I. I don't even know if I have that. Well, if it's on YouTube, I go in my YouTube, right? Yeah, yeah, I think so. Okay. And then the images get started. So. And you'll update the copy, show home as per our discussion today and resend it. I'll not update it right away. Probably I'll in a rewrite them. Not rewrite, but I'll just incorporate all the things that we discussed today. And then in our next meeting we'll have another look and then we'll update it. Okay. And in your. Do you have like sort of the search key term audit that you did for other things like what are people or was that part of the SEO? Are those the same thing? Like, so when you did the snacks to go, for instance, you looked at the category overall and you said like, hey, chickpeas. Chickpeas is actually a term that's well searched as well as, I don't know, crunchy snacks or protein snacks. You had all the terms in saying this is what people are searching and this is who like our competitors are targeting, like sort of that sort of strategy. Do you have that for Camelina? Well, this is the exact process, but it's not shown here. It's not relevant for advertising. Right, sorry, product page, SEO. Rather we are going to use that knowledge for advertising this product. So yes, we have done it. If you want to see how other people, other products are ranking, we can have another discussion about that. Okay. Yeah, I wouldn't mind kind of seeing what Keywords are. What's the keyword ranking? And I think you even showed who's bidding on these keywords, who's winning in the space and why basically. Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. And it should be much smaller obviously. Like Camelina oil is really small, but. Yes, you will not get much data in Canada. Yeah. Okay. But it, yeah, so if you could just do that, that would be good just to see. Okay. So that's basically key. What do you, what do you call that keyword ranking? How about we say review keyword strategy for Camelina. Okay. Okay. Okay. Is that all things Camelina oil right now? Is that. I think so. Okay. And then so just to refresh on budget right now. So currently we have 3000 bucket in Canada and 850 bucket in USA, right? Yes. And of that 3000 Canada, you are. I believe it's. Is it 1500 or 200 on snacks to go and approximate. I know that varies a little bit. Yes, we, I suggested 2000 on. On snack to go, 2000 on the current snacks to go and then 500 camelina oil and 500 slush other others. Yes. Okay. Okay. And in the US of that smaller 850. What percentage of that is snacks to go? Well, I'll need to have a discussion about that with you. And I told you that's another thing that I want to talk about. So I have some of the things in front of. Can you see these? Oh, I'm probably sharing my screen already. Right. Yeah, I can see it. Okay. Um, yeah, so for. Let's talk about Canada first. So we agreed that we will be spending 10% of the revenue on ads. And that was when the revenue was at 30,000. Right. Right now last month we did close to 40,000. I think around that. So what I am proposing is here, I have written down what I really want versus what seemingly will be more comfortable for us to spend. But anyway, I said that it would be good if we can allocate 15% that would support our growth. And another thing is at least allocate 4,000 for the existing products, not the new one. I know we are going to have another discussion about that so that we can spend at least 10% of our revenue on ads. And so what's the 15% for? I mean, these are just two proposals. If we can allocate 15% that would really be able to support our growth will continue growing a faster pace. But if we cannot do that, at least let's allocate $4,000 so that we, we can stay at 10% ad spend. Okay. And I know you're talking in tacos here, but I need a roas because I just can't do that in the 10. Okay. Okay. All right. All right. And so we are. The first One is basically 6.66 ROAS, and the second one is 10. And what do you mean by the first one is 6 and the second one is 10? As in the first one being. The first one being. Being the. Okay, let me just put two different lines. This is the one I'm talking about. When I say the first one, this is what I'm referring to. So there we're going to allocate 15% of our revenue on ads. And if we do that, I'm basically proposing that the ROAS will be 6.67. Right. Okay. So because you're growing new users. Yeah. Okay. Yes. And if you want to, if that's too much, if you don't want to do it right now, let's at least agree to spend 4,000, which is 10% of our current monthly revenue or last month's monthly revenue, so that we can stay at 10%. 10 tackles, that is 10 ROAS, because. So, yeah, you're saying if I'm allocating 15% spend, I'm going to target a ROAS as six, knowing that it's going to be lower because I'm going after awareness in a bigger way. Basically. Yes. Versus if we. And if we stay at the current 10 to ensure the revenues, I'm going to target a 10 ROAS. That's the. Yes, yes. And also, this is also something that we need to agree on, because last time we just agreed on that total amount that is $3,000 that we're going to allocate right now. It's not enough because that's even less than 10% or. Right. Yeah. Next time I'll make sure that I write these numbers in terms of roas so that it's easy for us to communicate. Yeah. Okay. So, and then, so we also. So we, we have agreed to 4000 stack starting because we've, we have agreed to an additional thousand when the new item hits, which won't be till mid May. Yes. And then in terms of forecast, it looks like very slow growth with that item. Right. Like it was like 40 units. Well, we said 30 units to start. Yes, Right. Plus the rationalizing. So my question here is, yes, we did 40 last month, but will we be staying at 40 because we're discontinuing a bunch of items and the new one doesn't Go up until mid May. So yeah, and so that's kind of my thing because with like we are going to 4,000 in May, the budget in Canada will move to that 10%. And meanwhile, while we're growing a new one, all these other ones is 500 slush other is going to move. You know what I mean? Like it's not going to be spent on these other asins that are going away. Okay, yes, I, I see what you're talking about. Okay. Yeah. Because this is another thing too, like internal it has been mandated pull all be extremely lean with our budget dollars until the other side of this rebrand. I'm trying to save every dollar I can so that when we are on the other other side then I can throw every dollar I have basically. So I don't want to overspend right now. I want to be very just conservative in our spend. I want to do it right. I want to build the momentum, I want to rationalize the portfolio. I want to clean it up and build the momentum. But I don't. But I can't just say, hey here, let's move to 15%. No, no, no. Maybe I can sell moving to side of the rebrand. But right now my operational dollars are a bit tight until. Okay, okay, so if it is 4,000, what I would say is yes, we are also stopping all those other products where we are, we are allocating 500 right now. So yes, we can utilize that money. And also another thing that you mentioned is the forecast for the new variety pack is very low to start with because you want to see how it works. So if you already agreed that yes, we're going to allocate a thousand dollar probably if it is okay with you, we can use some of those budget and spend on the existing variety pack. Existing queues. So you're saying yes, we've agreed to a thousand dollars for the launch of the new Variety, but you're saying can we look at the bucket in totality of 4 or $5,000 and allocate as required for growth? Yes, as long as it, as long as it still is priority to get the momentum. Because we need momentum behind that new variety pack. We need it to catch up to the current or do better. Basically, that's the whole idea of that. Because the current pack that we make, the little 15 grams, it's more expensive to make that. So the idea is if this new pack with our hero flavors could outpace that one, we'd like to do another one like the current that's just a More profitable item because the insides are so small. That 15 gram, it's so small it's more expensive to make. Okay, so that's long term. I'm not saying that's going to happen over the next six months. I'm not going to like pull the plug on the current. I'm just saying long term, we just, I'm happy to say, hey, we have $4,000 starting maybe or starting. Yeah. Starting with the launch of the new item. We're going to start with $4,000 and you still allocate that as you need to. But still with the strategy in mind of a new product launch, we need to get the momentum and there's just those few, that little slush fund just to move out some of those lower selling skus that we're trying to just cut. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So you know what, I have a hard stop here. I have to join another meeting. But you know, just quickly, one more thing. In the US the parity pack, the old one, that's. That has started doing really well. Okay. And will it probably in our next meeting. Okay. And I'll make sure that we do a check in on that in case we need to send another shipment. I'll do an inventory check right now. I'll ask Annabelle too. Or if you see something show home where you're kind of like. Because our next meeting is next week. Oh, next week. Yeah. Are you going to CHFA in Vancouver? I'm not. Okay. Yeah. So, yeah, our meeting is next week. So if you're ever looking at this and you're just, just make sure you always send Annab or myself a note saying like, hey guys, can we do a check on the inventory of this item? Because it started to go. Yeah, just make sure you do that. Yeah. All right. Okay, so I have next steps on Camelina oil, as do you on the copy. We'll get started on the image. Just be patient. My designer is actually on holidays too from Thursday till Sunday this coming week and then yeah, I think we got to what the, the questions on the budget. So 4, 000 show homes starting in May. You can start as of May 1st. Okay. Yeah, sounds good. Okay. Okay, thank you. Have a great day. You too. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Terms of food brands is the biggest one, I guess I would say are bigger and one of our only competitors in Canada that's online and on retail shelves. So I would say that they're most significant in terms of just a comparable item. And then we can maybe actually just jump right to your recommended copy of the Camelina oil and some of the key search terms.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah. Okay. I'll share my screen second.

Speaker A: All right, Next steps.

Speaker B: Yeah, so we are here. Okay, so these are the. You wanted to start with the content.

Speaker A: Yeah, we can just kind of jump. Yeah, yeah, sure. And okay.

Speaker B: Perhaps it would be better to also talk about these. This is what I wanted to highlight throughout the listing. And I'll just. You know what, delete this from here. So. Yeah, so these are the things that I want to. These are the key messages that I want to highlight throughout the listing, whether it's title or the bullet point. So maybe it's better to start here.

Speaker A: And so these are the talking points, as in, these will be the primary. The, the first bullets that.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Yes. And the biggest thing I was looking for was just making sure. Because when we state facts about these things, just making sure that they're stated properly.

Speaker B: Like also it has to be compliant. I remember you mentioning. We cannot say. I cannot directly claim that this has these kind of benefits because it's a food item. Instead it has Omega 3 and that has. That is helpful for this and this. That's how we can present them. Yes.

Speaker A: And so. And then in this order is your recommendation or. I'm just kind of. My only kind of thought was should taste and texture come before the pet health.

Speaker B: Okay, yes. Yes, we can do that. So you were.

Speaker A: I was just up on your, on the. Yeah. On the talking points up there. You have taste and texture for cold applications.

Speaker B: Yeah, that makes.

Speaker A: Yeah, okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, that. That makes sense. That will also make a difference when you are going to do the images and that's more important.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. And then sustainably grown in Canada. Okay. Yeah. And then the new title here. So I see. So because Healthy cooking oil, smoke point 475, healthy cooking oil, omega 3 and vitamin E rich for dressings. And I don't know. And again, I guess they'll reject if something because for instance, and I don't know if this detail is something, but we say omega 3 and vitamin E rich. Like we are actually like on our label we say source of omega 3 and vitamin E. I don't know if that's verbiage matters or counts. I wonder If I should even send you just an image of the label to show home, like I guess I have the product by the way. Oh, you have?

Speaker B: I have received circles. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, good. Yeah. Because high smoke point cold press to keep it free of toxins, a source of omega 3 fatty acids. And we've always called it like. Yeah, perfect for everyday cooking. And then what was the other thing I was going to say? This bottle doesn't have it. Why not? And I don't know if it matters for oils, but we actually have a QR code on our bottles that traces back to how the oil is made. It's very common in like olive oils. And quality of knowing how it's pressed and made. I don't know if that's something maybe that's more a plus content stuff versus bullet points. But that like where you say sustainably grown in Canada, like it's almost like you could say fully traceable. Yeah. It's kind of say. Yeah. And you can trace it through the QR code or through the lot number on the bottle. Yeah, sure.

Speaker B: Okay. I have noticed that point.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Okay. And so what's the difference between the talking points and the bullet points?

Speaker B: Well, so I have the. If you see these, I have basically implemented the same concepts in the bullet points right here. It's formatted like a bullet point where we are starting with the header that we be able to communicate the message, the first talking point or key message. Even if they ignore to read the rest of the bullet point, they should be able to get the message just from the header. And then we are expanding on the concept and then we're doing AC optimization.

Speaker A: I see. So the talking point is the general statement. The bullet point is how it needs to be written, how you recommend it's actually written into the page. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker B: And if it is in Canada, we'll just change some of these feelings. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: And then the only other thing again, I. I don't know, I don't know in your opinion. But it is, it is kind of like when we start. So High Heat Stable 475 Smoke Point or Camelin alcohol stays stable even at scorching temperatures. Again, it's kind of like it has a high smoke point. But to say to use it at scorching temperatures is like you should never use any oil at like scorching temperatures. You know. So I don't know if that verbiage is sure is correct. Unless for some reason that word scorching is like. So it's almost like high with 475 smoke point. Our Camelina oil cooking oil. It's almost like is is stable and safe to use for high temperature cooking. That's, that's what it is for, for everyday cooking. Maybe we can say it's stable and safe to use for everyday cooking. And then you get into, you know we say sear steak but I wonder if that even has to be called out like searing steak. Like maybe it's more like the usages of like sauteing, roasting, searing or you know what I mean. Instead of saying searing steak, roast the veggies or bake the goods, you could say just the general saute, roast, sear, bake with this healthy cooking oil. No burnt flavors or lost nutrition.

Speaker B: So don't mention what to do but like the items.

Speaker A: Yeah, maybe like mention the cooking method but don't necessarily say sear steak. I feel like that can be very limiting. Like so maybe just say saute. Like how do we see it on our bottle we say great for sauteing, roasting, grilling and baking.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. I'll just take a look at the.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: What is written on the label?

Speaker A: Yeah, it's under taste and use. I don't know if this is my most up to date label but that's just. Yeah, it basically says great for dressings, dips and marinades, saute, roast, grill and bake. It's just saying the cooking methods and then because how we call it is it's for your. For everyday use. It's your everyday cooking oil. Great for all of these things. So of course this is. You're talking specifically to 475 Smoke Point. So that's saute, roast, grill and bake. And then you talk to salads I think somewhere else here. Oh yeah, mild nutty taste note. Use it in salad dressings, drizzle on veggies. Maybe enriched soups might be kind of weird drizzle on veggies. It's nutty flavor with earthy undertones. Makes it ideal for cold uses like vegan omega 3 dressings, dips or marinade. So I wonder if this one's just written a bit repetitive or mild nutty taste note again I wonder if you could refer to.

Speaker B: You mean the here we have also mentioned the test note.

Speaker A: And here I like that mild nutty taste. And do you have to say note or just mild nutty taste?

Speaker B: That's also fine.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So maybe so mild nutty taste. And then I guess I wonder if instead of use it in you can say great for Salad dressings, dips, marinades, or drizzling on your vegetables, like something like that, or I don't know, are there keywords? I guess you put Omega 3 in here. That probably is a keyword you want in there. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. And sorry, you wanted to not repeat the flavor here again.

Speaker A: No, you can repeat the flavor. I'm more, I'm more talking about the, how we say the usages. So right now it's saying using salad dressings, drizzle on veggies or enriched soups. Or you took that. Oh, drizzle on veggies or soups. Okay. And then you say it's nutty flavor with earthy undertones makes it ideal for cold uses. Like I wonder if that sentence should go first, like where you say, you say mild nutty taste and then it should start with its nutty flavor with earthy undertones makes it ideal for cold use. Like omega 3 dressings, dips or marinades. And then the next sentence you would say use it in salad dressings, drizzle on veggies or soups.

Speaker B: So something like this will be the first.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think just reads. Yeah, I think it just reads better that way.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And I'm assuming you put in vegan omega 3 dressings because those are keywords. You're, you're working into this. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker B: yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: All right, and then how about the next one?

Speaker A: And then same oil you trust for pets. That's cute. Treat your dogs and horses to the same premium food grade oil you use daily. Omega 3 and vitamin E should support shiny coats, joint health and overall wellness. No additives, just pure cold pressed nutrition. Okay, so the write up is good. This is, it's factual. That is how it supports pet health, I guess. And you're wanting to use both. So you use the word pets and then you specifically say dogs and horses. Do we want is, do we have to say horses in there? And the reason I say that is because once you say a horse, like a 500 mil bottle is irrelevant. Like for a horse to buy through a horse, like maybe our 5 liter. But like when you talk about equine, like horse nutrition, like you're talking like 20 liter buckets. Again, if the word helps dogs for sure. Dogs or cats? Those are house pets. Both.

Speaker B: Yes. Right. Do they usually use Camelina for cats too?

Speaker A: Yes. Yeah, there's a feline line of Camelina oil. Yes. So dogs, cats and horses for sure. And I'm not opposed to saying horses. If this helps to like again, just be Seen and whatever. It's just more if, if a horse consumer comes in a 500 mil bottle is like irrelevant for them. So maybe it's more an audience of, of dogs and feline like home, house pets, furry family friends. So because they're sharing in it with you and your family, whether it's you and your furry family friends or it's your. So maybe you could update that to same oil you trust for pets, treat your, your dogs and kitties or cats or whatever they say to the same premium food grade oil.

Speaker B: And, and do you want me to add, add in that horse for the 5 liter variation or

Speaker A: again, I would just kind of say just because I, I think the conversion will be very low given what the low quantity of the item. I think you'd be better to call out dogs and, and cats and I don't know if you have to specifically say cats or feline. I don't know how they're searching health. Is it feline health or cat health or dog health?

Speaker B: Right. Yeah, okay. Yes, sure. The thing is based on the reviews, I just found it for dogs and horse things.

Speaker A: Yeah. And it's because there's probably more distribution towards dogs right now. There's less awareness of feline health or less brands out there that have a specific feline line. But for sure you might see that grow over time or we might get more because cats like maybe they want a small bottle. Yeah, so, so okay, so yeah, so that reads better. That reads good. And then made responsibly in Canada, sustainably grown in Canada, this, this planet friendly cooking oil is non nut free and rich in plant based Omega 3. A clean choice for conscious kitchens. Okay. And then again you're kind of how you're working in these words like even nut free, it is a peanut free oil, I guess. Right. Rich in plant based omega 3. Yeah. It's not Fish place. A clean choice for conscious kitchens. Also gluten free and kosher. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, just wanted to include the call outs. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. And then again in here, I don't know if this. Oh, you already put it. Add fully traceable. You made a comment there, something about traceability. Yeah. Okay. And then backend keywords.

Speaker B: This is just based on the keyword research. You can't even read these and make sense of these because these are not complete words.

Speaker A: Okay. And the SEO keywords. So these SEO keywords. So this your recommendation or this is what you're seeing or both.

Speaker B: Well, so these are the, I just skipped it here. These are the SEO keywords. That I have used in the bullet points and the title.

Speaker A: Okay. I'm just trying to see if there's any maybe keyword questions I have that could be missing from SEO. Do you think the Canadian thing is big right now? Like Canadian made, Canadian grown and made.

Speaker B: Well, based on LinkedIn. Yes. And also some. I think it is a trend. I don't know how practically, how much people are caring about it. I'm not sure about that, but I do see some influence, of course.

Speaker A: Okay. And you do have it worked in because you say, I think on the last point, Canadian. It's not necessarily in the title or anything, but

Speaker B: we can have that. I think it's. If it is in the bottle, we can work that in somewhere.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. And then the only other thing we have, organic cooking oil. I get that that's maybe like a keyword, but it is not organic. Just so that we know that, like, we haven't necessarily put that into anything. I don't think Amazon will say you're saying it, but you're not. So.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Non gmo. Yes, but organic. We're not organic.

Speaker B: Did I say organic anywhere in this content? No. Right?

Speaker A: No. No.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. It's just in the keywords here, right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Is that right? Yeah. Okay, that's. I ignore, like, I actually read what applies to our product. So I think that was a conscious decision that I made.

Speaker A: Okay. And where do these SEO keywords, like, what do you do with these after this? You just kind of wrote your list and then you make sure that they get worked in.

Speaker B: Yes. So they are already worked in. In this content.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. And I just keep them here for visibility. I can also refer to these later on. Let's say we need to review. After a year we want to review. Not a year, even maybe later on, we just want to review if everything's fine. If we can discover if there are new keywords that you could include. Or maybe we want to go broader with the SEO strategy. These are very specific to our product, very relevant if there is any. After we rank our product for these keywords. What if we consider ranking for broader keywords like cooking oil. We are already using it, but can we do something better than this? Can we. This is just an example. So I'll just not try to be very specific. Just as an example, if there are broader keywords and if we can include that, like, later on, we'll know.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: These are the keywords that you consider now. So maybe we should consider these new sets of keywords later on. That's why I kept it here. Yeah.

Speaker A: And will you use this same copy for the 5 liter?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay. You could potentially add with the 5 liter something around the bulk, like versatility or not versatility, but it's like wine in a box. Right. So it's very like you can keep refilling your bottle. So what would you say? It's almost like more environmentally friendly because you're buying in bulk and you're refilling your bottle. But if that matters, that would be the only additional thing. But otherwise all these points are still relevant. It's the same product, just different packaging.

Speaker B: Okay. I'll just maybe just add somewhere.

Speaker A: And that is actually a question because. And I don't know if you've seen this in some of your research or some of the reviews. I didn't see it mentioned lots. But packaging like this is in a glass tinted bottle to protect the quality. Like I don't know if that is a point that matters. The 5 liter bag in a box is like BPA free food, safe grade, no chemicals, like that kind of stuff. Recyclable. So those things might matter.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: What do you call that when you can keep refilling? It's like bulk. Like it's like.

Speaker B: Yeah, I get the idea.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's not reusable. There's a word. It's like.

Speaker B: It's a refill. Basically. It's a refill. The five liter is a refill. That refill pack, basically.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: That you can use. And also I think it's quite convenient to use from the 5 liter pack because you have a tab that. Is that what you call it?

Speaker A: Yeah. So a convenient pore spout I get. Or is that what you call convenient pore? Valve po.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: A convenient. Or valve man chat. GGP might have better, better words for this. It's like a spout. A spout or a valve. I don't know. Valve is a weird word, but maybe it's spout. Convenient, convenient. Poor spout.

Speaker B: I'll look into that. I'll look into that for now. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. So those are all the others. And so maybe jump. Is it in this document, the search terms like your. Okay, so let's jump to the images actually first. So. And then again in. So you have by the way, I don't know in the text, in your headline text. I wonder if we should be using sear. I think we should be using and even frying. It's not the best to like deep fry with oil but. But saute like Saute is a better word where it just saute, roasting, saute, roasting, grilling and baking. Those are the four cooking methods that are most common. Grilling and baking. Yeah. No burn taste, nutrition. And where is this no burnt taste. Is this something you saw lots in reviews or something or.

Speaker B: Yes, I think that's why it's here. Um, do you think it doesn't apply?

Speaker A: I've never heard that. I've never. I don't come across that much in terms of no burnt taste. Like

Speaker B: the point here is because it's. It has high. Is stable at high temperature.

Speaker A: Right?

Speaker B: Yeah, it's. It doesn't give you that off putting taste if you. Let's say. I don't know if anyone cooks with olive oil at high temperature, but that will probably give you a weird taste. Or maybe even if you want to cook with butter, if it is at high temperature, probably that will not taste good.

Speaker A: I'm just wondering if there's something better to. You could try it. I don't know. I don't. I just don't come across that a lot.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And so what do you see for this image? So a flame graphic with 475Fahrenheit in a fiery topography. Do you have. You probably. It's really hard to get examples of these. Hey.

Speaker B: Yes. It doesn't have to be exactly like these. I just. I can probably attach some references where I have seen these kind of images when they. Let's say for some spices, I have seen those listings where they're sharing, making something and then they will just. It's hard to describe. I'm sorry, I'll probably refer. I'll probably find some of those listings and add some of those images here for reference.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Because so image one retains three times more Omega three and venomy. A droplet graphic with tiny Omega three and vitamin E icons. So these will probably take a bit because we kind of just need to get like a foundational visual to like work up from. Right? Like, sure.

Speaker B: And it doesn't have to be these. I am not a. I know I can mention 100 different things, but when it comes to actually doing it with the graphic designer, it may be impractical. So I just keep these as a reference.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. So we may incorporate. Not all the design is too busy. So flame graphic with fiery. I get what you're saying. It's almost like. And because this, this image you want it, it's. These are like very lifestyle looking images. Right. Like the actual use. The bottle is being poured While it. There's a pan, like, that's kind of what you envision. Right. Like it's being used. Right. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: I wonder if I need to do a little photo shoot, which is hard to do because I'm going to. And see what a designer can do. But we don't have a lot. We don't have a lot of the camelino oil, and it's a really hard one to stage. You can't just take any oil and make it like. You can just take any bottle of oil. Right. So to think and then image three. Okay. Shiny Koitz join house. So we may incorporate. So this is an easy one. She can stock image, like any sort of pet.

Speaker B: Yeah. And probably you would want to use these at the. As the third image and this one as the fourth.

Speaker A: Dressings, dips and drizzles. You see something here for a second? I'm just gonna say something here for

Speaker B: a second

Speaker A: because we do have. I'm just gonna steal the screen for one second here. Show home. Like, do you see my screen

Speaker B: in a second?

Speaker A: Probably like, this is an example of one of the only shots we have of the camelina oil pouring into a pan.

Speaker B: You know what I still cannot see?

Speaker A: Is that on our Amazon one already? Oh, you can't see.

Speaker B: It's just. Yeah.

Speaker A: What am I seeing? Okay, let me try to get Sam. Now can you see?

Speaker B: No, it's totally white.

Speaker A: What the hell?

Speaker B: My screen is white.

Speaker A: Let me change screens and see if it shares over here.

Speaker B: Now do you see what's going on? Is it a link that you're trying to show me?

Speaker A: No, I'm just trying to show. I'm just trying to show our website page, but it might even be.

Speaker B: How about you give me the link and maybe I'll just share my screen? I don't know.

Speaker A: Yeah. Although I'm thinking this is probably. It's actually okay. Actually, never mind. Because the image I'm sharing with you is.

Speaker B: Oh.

Speaker A: Actually, the drizzle on popcorn. Sorry. If you actually just go to our current Amazon page, show home, and you see the images on our current Amazon page, there's that one image of camelina oil pouring into a saute pan.

Speaker B: Yes. Oh, I'll just share my screen. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. So, yeah, just go to those images. Like that image. So is that a start to what you're looking for in terms of the smoke point? We just want to, like, elevate the heat a bit. Like, just make it kind of add470. Do you want to, like, add. Because you can. There's space there to add the 475, like on the page. Right. Like a smoke point. Maybe the. I'm just going to send you a picture of this. Like, you could literally snip this into the chat so that you can see what I'm talking about. She can clean this up a bit, but you could literally, with that image, almost get her to work in a smoke point temperature gauge that way. You see in the chat. Did I share something in the chat?

Speaker B: That's a good. Yes, I like this.

Speaker A: Okay, so maybe the direction to give her, like, take that saute image, because I. We don't have many right now. Definitely with the rebrand, we'll do another photo shoot and keep lots of these things in the mind. But I'll say take that image and this smoke point thing, but make sure that 475 Camelin oil is really big. Like, it's like. And maybe add some sort of little flame, like bring them together somehow so that they work graphic. They look nice, obviously. So that one's about smoke point. Basically, that image.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: The other one you had was about addressings.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Dressings, dips and marinades. So you know what. And drizzling. So the drizzling on popcorn show home is actually a high usage for our consumers.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: It is actually a thing. So. So it could be like, so drizzle, drizzle over salad, for sure. Salad, veggies or even popcorn or something like that. And you might want to work popcorn back up into your bullets too, maybe, because then people are looking for a popcorn oil. So this one bursting with flavor, subheading, dressings, dips and drizzles. This one is about. Likely mostly about salad, right? Yes, yes. Right now the salad image is there. Salad image. There's one salad image on Amazon that has the chickpeas on it. So go to. Yeah, that one.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: What do you think of that image?

Speaker B: We can use it. I mean, if we have it already, we can definitely use it.

Speaker A: Okay, so you feel that this satisfies that one? Or what would you like? How would you like to. How would you like to add to this? Or

Speaker B: I think. Okay. In how I was picturing it is it will not be the background image, the entire thing. But if we want to use it, then it will be. It has to be a background image. Then you have to overlay the text and whatever else you want to do it. That is also fine. Yeah. It will just change the style. That's all.

Speaker A: Nothing else. Okay. Because. Yeah, because this is the hard because I want to brief the designer, but I need like a. I need like some sort of visual to ground her in. So the other thing I was thinking here was I'm trying to look at like, I don't know what Signe Cameline does. On theirs. What do they have for images? Okay, so maybe if you look at that one, are there any images? Like they have a really good infographic image. Their past image is kind of weird. They have a smoke point image. Here. Maybe go to this one for a second on your screen. Oh, I gotta plug in my computer.

Speaker B: Yeah, so I'm.

Speaker A: Oh yeah, go to Signy. That's their five liter. Go to their bottle. Their bottle. I think they have more like in home cook images. I'm just gonna plug in my computer.

Speaker B: Okay, sure. Hopefully I can see it this time.

Speaker A: Plug in. There we go. Are there any images on that on their website? Do you see? Yeah, not their website, their Amazon page. So here's this one. I put the link in there and then I'm gonna look at this other. This cool oil in the US that I really like.

Speaker B: Yeah, I see that there's some lifestyle images here. Yeah, the smoke point one.

Speaker A: And Sorry, do you want to share your screen again? I don't know why I can't share my screen. That's really annoying. Let's look at Signe and if there's any ones in there that you really like that we should work up. Let's do that. And then I shared this other brand page with you. Their graphics are not the best, but there might be something directional in there. So this brand, this is just a, an oil brand that I really like. I think they just do a really good job. If you go to some of their, I guess different pages maybe in the shop. Oh yeah. If you go into the shop and just hit the trio, go to the trio image there. Yeah, so they just have some images on the side. These are mostly lifestyle ones.

Speaker B: I've seen them before.

Speaker A: You okay? Yeah.

Speaker B: What did you want to show?

Speaker A: Well, I was just. Again, I'm just looking for something directional so that like something that is maybe satisfying from another brand. Like your ask. Right. So this is how they communicate on salads.

Speaker B: Yeah, I think these are some Asian something probably Asian dish.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's more. This is how they're communicating. Smoke point. But, But so the current salad photo that you have, you're saying there just needs to be some copy put on it. So she might just have to rework the image to make sure that the, the Points. The icons fit on it.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. I like these lifestyle pictures. This is. This is the kind of picture. This is what I was imagining, basically, right? Mm. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's like a high. It's really about the use, like showing using the product. Yeah.

Speaker B: And they have three different. Three different oils for three different applications, right?

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, so can you go back to our Amazon page for a second? Because again, there's kind of like images in the now that I might have to force together, but I could just. Or there's a photo shoot. So if you had to use. If we had to in the now use these images, is it really just about putting some copy and some points on each one?

Speaker B: We can do that.

Speaker A: Okay, that works.

Speaker B: Yeah. As long as it's, you know, the purpose would be that the customers can read it. Not even read it. They will just skim through the images and they will get the message quickly.

Speaker A: Right. Okay, so this one, for instance, we could keep this one, but you would say. You could say buttery drizzle for your popcorn or something like that.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And then go back to the salad one. And what was it in your copy that you wanted to written on the salad one? You want the use, like drizzle your salads or.

Speaker B: It was this one.

Speaker A: This one. Okay, so dressings, dips and drizzles. And then the image is oil drizzling over the salad. Okay, so I'll look. I might have an image of us actually pouring oil on the salad versus just staged with it. So we'll look. Because that sounds like it's your preference, like actually pouring over the salad. And then the sub headline, you're saying it just needs to say on the image.

Speaker B: This is the. This is the headline and sub headline. So I'll just do this. And then I was thinking of this as a solid line. Do you think that would be a good fit?

Speaker A: Okay, so. And sorry, for my own knowledge, where do you put the sub. Where do you put the head? Can you show me? Example, where's the headline versus the sub headline in an image?

Speaker B: So these will go on top. Okay. Yes. And sometimes I have seen. Let's say that's the top. And then we can either place it right below the headline or somewhere in the image in a stylized font so that it's easy to read. Yeah.

Speaker A: And cold. Ready. Did you mean cold pressed?

Speaker B: No, I mean cold applications.

Speaker A: Okay. Gotcha kit.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: First thing with flavor. Okay. And then dressing, dips and drizzles. Okay. Okay. I think I can get her started on Something. And then. Okay, and then we have image four is for pets. So that's an easier one. So that's sub. And so the image for the headline is same oil you love for them. Yes, that's the headline. Okay. And then the text is. You want it done in icon. Shiny coat, joint health, pure nutrition. Yes. Okay. Okay. And then what's number five? Okay, number five is the grown and made in Canada.

Speaker B: We'll probably add the traceable element to here.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. So number five for the image could potentially be the traceability. Like the QR code. Trace your oil and like a picture of. Would you like that or

Speaker B: say that again. You want to add the QR code here in the image.

Speaker A: Well, so this is about grown and made in Canada. The traceability. So for the image, would you want. I don't have a most recent bottle in my office right now. Oh, yeah, this is just. This is not the most recent. But for the image, it's a QR code where they. Can you scan the QR code? So would you want the image to be referring to that?

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. And then what about that video? That's educational video,

Speaker B: like for Camelin oil, the one that you sent me. Yeah, yeah, I watched it. It's. It's. I would say, very compact and so much information. Everything that you want to say is basically there. So I think along with all of these feedbacks, I'll also see if I can use some of those languages that you have used in the video and then add them here.

Speaker A: Okay. And is there somewhere we can post that video? Because can you post that video as an image? Not a hundred percent.

Speaker B: We should do that.

Speaker A: Okay. And it. So it gets its own image cell or it has to go to the bottom.

Speaker B: So if. Okay, if you want to show it

Speaker A: as

Speaker B: one of the image. It's not the image, but anyway. So if you want to secure one of those image placements that you have to keep, keep six images and then the seventh placement will be for the video.

Speaker A: Oh, I see.

Speaker B: Now if you have more than six, then it will be one of those videos that you have to click on one image and then see where the video is.

Speaker A: What do you think of that? What is your recommendation that we do that?

Speaker B: I think we should keep six images and then the last placement should be for the video.

Speaker A: Okay, so six images plus videos. I'm just making my notes here.

Speaker B: And that's why you will also see I have given you suggestions for five images. Main image is the first one and then five images and that Means six in total. And then we can use the seventh one for the video.

Speaker A: Okay. Then I'm going to review lifestyle it. So point shirt. Drizzling.

Speaker B: And if you have more than one video, by the way, we should upload anything that is relevant for our Amazon listing. Anything that you'd like to show.

Speaker A: Okay, well, in terms of like product specific, that that has always existed for Camelina Oil because it's been like an educational video. Like nobody never knows what it is. So we've, we put that together like honestly like 20 years ago, I feel like. And we've just used it. So. Okay, so you're actually saying on the Amazon page the video will be able to be clicked on like as like any other image. Okay. Okay. So. Okay, so sort of next steps on Camelina Oil. So I'll, I'll get Lindsay started on the images. What do you need for the video posting? Just that YouTube link that I've already shared.

Speaker B: No, I need the video file.

Speaker A: You need the video file? Oh, God, how do I. I don't even know if I have that. Well, if it's on YouTube, I go in my YouTube, right?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, I think so.

Speaker A: Okay. And then the images get started. So. And you'll update the copy, show home as per our discussion today and resend it.

Speaker B: I'll not update it right away. Probably I'll in a rewrite them. Not rewrite, but I'll just incorporate all the things that we discussed today. And then in our next meeting we'll have another look and then we'll update it.

Speaker A: Okay. And in your. Do you have like sort of the search key term audit that you did for other things like what are people or was that part of the SEO? Are those the same thing? Like, so when you did the snacks to go, for instance, you looked at the category overall and you said like, hey, chickpeas. Chickpeas is actually a term that's well searched as well as, I don't know, crunchy snacks or protein snacks. You had all the terms in saying this is what people are searching and this is who like our competitors are targeting, like sort of that sort of strategy. Do you have that for Camelina?

Speaker B: Well, this is the exact process, but it's not shown here. It's not relevant for advertising. Right, sorry, product page, SEO. Rather we are going to use that knowledge for advertising this product. So yes, we have done it. If you want to see how other people, other products are ranking, we can have another discussion about that.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, I wouldn't mind kind of seeing what Keywords are. What's the keyword ranking? And I think you even showed who's bidding on these keywords, who's winning in the space and why basically. Right?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. And it should be much smaller obviously. Like Camelina oil is really small, but.

Speaker B: Yes, you will not get much data in Canada.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. But it, yeah, so if you could just do that, that would be good just to see. Okay. So that's basically key. What do you, what do you call that keyword ranking?

Speaker B: How about we say review keyword strategy for Camelina.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Okay. Is that all things Camelina oil right now? Is that.

Speaker B: I think so.

Speaker A: Okay. And then so just to refresh on budget right now. So currently we have 3000 bucket in Canada and 850 bucket in USA, right?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: And of that 3000 Canada, you are. I believe it's. Is it 1500 or 200 on snacks to go and approximate. I know that varies a little bit.

Speaker B: Yes, we, I suggested 2000 on.

Speaker A: On snack to go, 2000 on the current snacks to go and then 500 camelina oil and 500 slush other others. Yes. Okay. Okay. And in the US of that smaller 850. What percentage of that is snacks to go?

Speaker B: Well, I'll need to have a discussion about that with you. And I told you that's another thing that I want to talk about. So I have some of the things in front of. Can you see these? Oh, I'm probably sharing my screen already.

Speaker A: Right. Yeah, I can see it.

Speaker B: Okay. Um, yeah, so for. Let's talk about Canada first. So we agreed that we will be spending 10% of the revenue on ads. And that was when the revenue was at 30,000.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Right now last month we did close to 40,000. I think around that. So what I am proposing is here, I have written down what I really want versus what seemingly will be more comfortable for us to spend. But anyway, I said that it would be good if we can allocate 15% that would support our growth. And another thing is at least allocate 4,000 for the existing products, not the new one. I know we are going to have another discussion about that so that we can spend at least 10% of our revenue on ads.

Speaker A: And so what's the 15% for?

Speaker B: I mean, these are just two proposals. If we can allocate 15% that would really be able to support our growth will continue growing a faster pace. But if we cannot do that, at least let's allocate $4,000 so that we, we can stay at 10% ad spend.

Speaker A: Okay. And I know you're talking in tacos here, but I need a roas because I just can't do that in the 10.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. All right. All right. And so we are. The first One is basically 6.66 ROAS, and the second one is 10.

Speaker A: And what do you mean by the first one is 6 and the second one is 10? As in the first one being.

Speaker B: The first one being. Being the. Okay, let me just put two different lines. This is the one I'm talking about. When I say the first one, this is what I'm referring to. So there we're going to allocate 15% of our revenue on ads. And if we do that, I'm basically proposing that the ROAS will be 6.67.

Speaker A: Right. Okay. So because you're growing new users. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: Yes. And if you want to, if that's too much, if you don't want to do it right now, let's at least agree to spend 4,000, which is 10% of our current monthly revenue or last month's monthly revenue, so that we can stay at 10%. 10 tackles, that is 10 ROAS,

Speaker A: because. So, yeah, you're saying if I'm allocating 15% spend, I'm going to target a ROAS as six, knowing that it's going to be lower because I'm going after awareness in a bigger way. Basically.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Versus if we. And if we stay at the current 10 to ensure the revenues, I'm going to target a 10 ROAS. That's the.

Speaker B: Yes, yes. And also, this is also something that we need to agree on, because last time we just agreed on that total amount that is $3,000 that we're going to allocate right now. It's not enough because that's even less than 10% or.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Yeah. Next time I'll make sure that I write these numbers in terms of roas so that it's easy for us to communicate.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. So, and then, so we also. So we, we have agreed to 4000 stack starting because we've, we have agreed to an additional thousand when the new item hits, which won't be till mid May.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: And then in terms of forecast, it looks like very slow growth with that item. Right. Like it was like 40 units. Well, we said 30 units to start. Yes, Right. Plus the rationalizing. So my question here is, yes, we did 40 last month, but will we be staying at 40 because we're discontinuing a bunch of items and the new one doesn't Go up until mid May. So yeah, and so that's kind of my thing because with like we are going to 4,000 in May, the budget in Canada will move to that 10%. And meanwhile, while we're growing a new one, all these other ones is 500 slush other is going to move. You know what I mean? Like it's not going to be spent on these other asins that are going away.

Speaker B: Okay, yes, I, I see what you're talking about. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Because this is another thing too, like internal it has been mandated pull all be extremely lean with our budget dollars until the other side of this rebrand. I'm trying to save every dollar I can so that when we are on the other other side then I can throw every dollar I have basically. So I don't want to overspend right now. I want to be very just conservative in our spend. I want to do it right. I want to build the momentum, I want to rationalize the portfolio. I want to clean it up and build the momentum. But I don't. But I can't just say, hey here, let's move to 15%. No, no, no. Maybe I can sell moving to side of the rebrand. But right now my operational dollars are a bit tight until.

Speaker B: Okay, okay, so if it is 4,000, what I would say is yes, we are also stopping all those other products where we are, we are allocating 500 right now. So yes, we can utilize that money. And also another thing that you mentioned is the forecast for the new variety pack is very low to start with because you want to see how it works. So if you already agreed that yes, we're going to allocate a thousand dollar probably if it is okay with you, we can use some of those budget and spend on the existing variety pack.

Speaker A: Existing queues. So you're saying yes, we've agreed to a thousand dollars for the launch of the new Variety, but you're saying can we look at the bucket in totality of 4 or $5,000 and allocate as required for growth? Yes, as long as it, as long as it still is priority to get the momentum. Because we need momentum behind that new variety pack. We need it to catch up to the current or do better. Basically, that's the whole idea of that. Because the current pack that we make, the little 15 grams, it's more expensive to make that. So the idea is if this new pack with our hero flavors could outpace that one, we'd like to do another one like the current that's just a More profitable item because the insides are so small. That 15 gram, it's so small it's more expensive to make. Okay, so that's long term. I'm not saying that's going to happen over the next six months. I'm not going to like pull the plug on the current. I'm just saying long term, we just, I'm happy to say, hey, we have $4,000 starting maybe or starting. Yeah. Starting with the launch of the new item. We're going to start with $4,000 and you still allocate that as you need to. But still with the strategy in mind of a new product launch, we need to get the momentum and there's just those few, that little slush fund just to move out some of those lower selling skus that we're trying to just cut. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yes. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: So you know what, I have a hard stop here. I have to join another meeting. But you know, just quickly, one more thing. In the US the parity pack, the old one, that's. That has started doing really well.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And will it probably in our next meeting.

Speaker A: Okay. And I'll make sure that we do a check in on that in case we need to send another shipment. I'll do an inventory check right now. I'll ask Annabelle too. Or if you see something show home where you're kind of like. Because our next meeting is next week. Oh, next week. Yeah. Are you going to CHFA in Vancouver? I'm not. Okay. Yeah. So, yeah, our meeting is next week. So if you're ever looking at this and you're just, just make sure you always send Annab or myself a note saying like, hey guys, can we do a check on the inventory of this item? Because it started to go. Yeah, just make sure you do that. Yeah.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker A: Okay, so I have next steps on Camelina oil, as do you on the copy. We'll get started on the image. Just be patient. My designer is actually on holidays too from Thursday till Sunday this coming week and then yeah, I think we got to what the, the questions on the budget. So 4, 000 show homes starting in May. You can start as of May 1st.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, sounds good.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay, thank you. Have a great day.

Speaker B: You too. Bye now.

