Transcript for: Recording__617.mp4
Title: Recording #617
============================================================

Like the performance is increasing after and setting up the campaigns for the ACEs that we haven't been targeted in the campaign. So I was gladly adding those ace and I was creating campaigns. I set up the campaigns mainly for the Joy Burst and the like to like butter and after analyzing the performance for the Joy bus, some of the campaigns were not converting. And also there was the some campaigns like for the peanut butter cup and mainly for the Predzel. None of the campaign is working for the Predzel. So I need to find out the ways and need to find out the other campaign times which is going to work better for the present stick. Right. So I because I got the instruction from the your side that you wanted to focus on the presence that I mentioned that. So after that I added like different type of the campaigns and the different target for the present. But still I was not like successful to find out the converting targets or the converting keywords. Right. So I will create some more like keyword targeting campaigns for the prel. Let's see what response we get for the puzzle. Right. And yeah, so for the USA I have stopped creating the campaigns for the new ASINs like the ones that we haven't been targeted in the campaigns because there was the enough campaigns for the time being. So I thought to shift the focus for the top performing ASINs now. So I have extracted the data based on the March to April where I have like started like selected top five or six ASIN that I'm going to focus for the coming month for the whole May month. Right. For the Canada and the for the U.S. so if we see in the U.S. the most performing so we have someone. Hi zelka. Hi. Hello. How are you? Good, how are you? I'm good. So I, I mean I was just discussing the performance and the agenda that I have for the next month. Right. So I what I discussed before you, the thing is that there was some campaigns that were not working well for the last two weeks. So I paused those campaigns. So in the next weeks probably we can see that there will be some spend reduction and I will utilize that spend for the campaigns that I'm going to set up for the top performing ASINs now. Right. So I was telling to the other team members that for the month of the May I'm not going to focus on the all ASINs but I'm going to create campaigns for the top five ASINs based on the data from March to April. Right. So I have gathered the data like from the business reports and I have find out the top five or the six ASIN for the most marketplaces for which I'm going to create campaigns now. Right. So what type of the campaigns I'm going to create mainly the keyword campaigns there. Actually the keyword ranking for those campaigns are getting better. So now I need to focus like the other targeting campaigns like for example the Async targeting campaigns and also the cross targeting campaign for brand defense purpose. So now I will like cross target all of these ASINs on the other listings so we can like have the brand defense factor for all of these reasons. And after that I'm going to set up some other like high performing ASIN targeting campaigns so we can get the benefit of their traffic as well. And also I'm going to start the sponsored brand campaigns now. So do you have videos for your any of the ASIN or any of the product listings that we can target in the sponsored brand video campaigns? Yes. So we are, we're gonna have a video for. I think you have it here as sugar free electrolyte water. So line nine and there is a version I guess of it in the States as well. We actually don't have the product in stock right now for the hydration listing but we're getting it in. So in the next week or so we should have the product in as well as the actual videos for it. And these videos are gonna be. I could share the links with you guys now but like they're Disney, Disney focused so they're, they're co promoting a movie that's coming out with Disney. So I think it's gonna be a great push for the product. Okay. I don't need the videos for all of the ASINs. I just need for more top three aces. Like for the Canada market it would be sandwich cookies or the keto bombs and the keto bars we don't have that. But what I'm trying to tell you is that the reason why those are not top ASINs is because it's out of stock. Okay. So it's the item number nine that you have but it's out of stock currently. Like we don't have a lot of hydration left so it will become our top selling asin. I'm pretty confident once we do have it back in stock fully and once the ad starts running. Okay, do you have any updated sheet where you have mentioned the stock like this ASIN is out of stock and this is going to be restock in this week. So we, I can those asins and I can shift the ASIN like focus. My focus for the campaigns to the other asins. Yes. We could provide that to you. Okay, that would be great. Now how often do you update these campaigns? I like for the tracker I updated on the weekly basis for the optimization, bi weekly, but it depends on the performance. Okay. So how often do you look at that performance? Like bi weekly? Yeah. No, no, twice a week. Yeah. Okay. Because we cannot make changes on the daily basis. It disrupts the Amazon algorithm. So if I make any adjustments into the bead side or placement side or the campaigns creations, it takes minimum three days to gather the data or to see the performance. Right. So before that I cannot take any of the actions. So I have to wait. So it's a twice a week show how many feedback on that? Well, you know, for, if you look into, I don't know what kind of adjust, I mean so here's what I observed for the, I think in the last two weeks in the Canadian sides, I believe in terms of beads, no adjustments are made. In the US probably yesterday we made two adjustments, two bead adjustments. That's what was done and yeah, that's what I observed. Do you want to say something about that? Yeah. For the changes, I'm not like do you have this, the performance record link sheet? Right, this one that I'm currently showing to you? Well, I didn't have that last, after the last meeting. I'm not sure if that was sent before. So in the discussion we didn't get that actually I think you guys said you would send it, but we never did get it. Okay, I'll say, I'll ask. I am putting the changes, main changes that I'm going to like doing in your account. So I have a track of the changes, what I'm doing with the last week and what I did and I'm going to do for the next week. Right. So for the bid adjustments and everything, for the small changes, I cannot mention all of the changes here because it's in the end it's going to mess up. Right. So mainly like the main changes that I'm doing, I'm putting it here. So based on the changes, it doesn't mean that I'm strictly following this twice a week. Like for example, for the Canada market, I know I that I was not making most of the changes because that marketplace doesn't needed the bid adjustment side changes on the basis because the performance was great. So for the Canada market, goals are different. For the USA marketplace goals are different. Right. So if I, if we talk about the Canada market main focus is the growth Factor, right? So when we talk about the growth factor we need to analyze the budget as well on the weekly basis. Like for example if I see the budget from the 21st to the 7th of April for the USA market it goes 3300. But if I see the orders ratio it didn't improve that much. Like if I compare the comparison between the spend and the orders it's not like that high. Like if I'm going to spend the 300 extra dollar but the audit issue is not that great, right? It didn't make much difference for the 300 extra dollars, right. So I cannot with this 3300 spend for this week I will shift my focus. I will what I will do I will not make create campaigns for this week. Like for example in the last week I am like mentioned in the discussion link that I'm going to create this campaign for the coming week. But after analyzing the performance for the next week what I saw that the spend was high so I cannot create the campaign. So I changed the goal for that week. So what did I will do that I'll make the like filter out the campaigns for which target the spend was high and the page for which what target the Echos was high. So what I need to do now is to see the high ACOS targets or the high ACOS campaigns. Whether the target whether the keyword was super relevant or the semi relevant. If it's super relevant and it didn't convert for that week I will wait next three or four or five week days. If it's maybe there is a downtrend or maybe there is a competition in the market or maybe there is a market change behavior. Right. So I have to see those factors as well. So I will wait three to four days more to see the behavior of that keyword in terms of the trend and in terms of the customer behavior. Right. Then I'll make the adjustment. So it works like that, right. So I cannot make the better adjustment changes or the every change on the daily basis or after two days or the three days because I have to see the and I have to analyze the performance and make the adjustments and plan of the action accordingly. Right. So for the Canada market the spend was like average and the orders got increased. Right. If we I see that from the 21 to 27 April. Right. So now I have seen the goal factor which I'm focusing on the growth factor. Right. So what I'm going to do for the next week I will set up the campaigns. Now the performance has maintained the Performance is increasing according to my goal. So what I need to do now, I need to set new goals for this marketplace and what, what it will be. I'm going to create the sponsored brand campaigns so I can like the store sport like campaigns or the product collection campaigns for this marketplace so I can show my product top of the pages and what response I get for those top performing campaigns. Right. So that's how we set the plans on the weekly basis and that's how the plan changes according to the performance and according to the spend and according to the KPI performance on the weekly basis. Right. So if you wanted to see the changes or if you wanted to see the adjustments that I'm going to make the main changes, you can just come into the discussion link and you can see here and for the numbers, you can just come here and see what spend we had on the weekly basis and what on the monthly basis. Right. So here we could kind of see if we're just looking from the top down, so the top columns being like the older dates, you can kind of see that the PPC is kind of going up or trending up. Yes, but our efficiency if we take a look at like CVR column. Yes, Decreasing. Yes. Conversion, it is decreasing because when you are changing the adjustments into the campaign Amazon algorithm changes, it depends on the age and when you make the the approved changes or gradually you are making the changes into the campaigns, we can expect the up and down in terms of the performance. Right. So what our goals should be, we cannot like mainly rely on the weekly performances. We should make a decision on the base of the 15 days data or mainly the monthly data. Right. So based on the goals and the based of on the performance things goes up and down. Like for example, if we see for the Canada marketplace the order got increased but if you see the CVR rate it didn't goes like from the it was less. Right. But if we see the PPC orders it got increased, but on the total orders it was less. Right. Organic side. Right. So what I need to do, I need to set my goals again for this marketplace. For the coming with what what would be that I need to focus on the organic side. I need to see the keywords which I was ranked for the previous month. So I need to analyze the market behavior, I need to analyze the search volume, I need to search to see the search volume trend for that keyword. So what happened in the last month? At the last month I got 70000 organic sales, but this month it was 58. Either there were some the keywords that for them the search, the search volume or the search volume down or what happened. Right. So I need to analyze those factors as well and depending upon those factors I need to make adjustments. I need to set the goals and then secure the plan. Okay. Piero or Shoham, do you guys have any suggestions looking at these numbers or the strategy? Not right now for me I could have a better look if they send the the file and think on something. Okay. Yeah. Okay. That's why like firstly when I got account with the main focus was to add the ASINs that were not targeted into the campaigns. So after adding those asins what I found is all of those were not have the potential to convert as much like for the in comparison to the other top for performing. Right. After adding those and perform for those essay what I'm going to do now just focus on the top five now. So after seeing that the our organic rank has decreased for the Canada and and did it got improved for on the USA side as well. So I have changed my focus to how I can improve the organic ranks. So I cannot improve the organic ranks for all of the ASINs. Right. So what that's why I chose top five or the top six. So for the coming month I'm just going for these tops and I'll just focus for the organic ranks in the PPC. I'll create new campaigns for this these ASINs and also track the keyword ranks for these ASINs. So when I got like see the results for the better rankings for these ASINs then I can gradually add like the less performing ASINs. But for the coming month my main focus would be these 10 ASINs mainly. So if any of the ASINs is out of stock then I will focus to the other. I will add the other less performing ASIN into this list. Right, Got it. Okay. So on our end if you could just send us the document then we'll kind of take a look at it but in theory it makes sense. And then I also sent you the screenshot of the. Yeah, okay, got it, got it. Any other concerns? Not at this time. Okay. Okay, I'll ask send this sheet link to you and also for this talk sheet. Okay. Okay. So I'm going to stop the recording. Thanks for your time guys. Or you can just email a. Right. Okay. Thank you Namra. Thank you.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Like the performance is increasing after and setting up the campaigns for the ACEs that we haven't been targeted in the campaign. So I was gladly adding those ace and I was creating campaigns. I set up the campaigns mainly for the Joy Burst and the like to like butter and after analyzing the performance for the Joy bus, some of the campaigns were not converting. And also there was the some campaigns like for the peanut butter cup and mainly for the Predzel. None of the campaign is working for the Predzel. So I need to find out the ways and need to find out the other campaign times which is going to work better for the present stick. Right. So I because I got the instruction from the your side that you wanted to focus on the presence that I mentioned that. So after that I added like different type of the campaigns and the different target for the present. But still I was not like successful to find out the converting targets or the converting keywords. Right. So I will create some more like keyword targeting campaigns for the prel. Let's see what response we get for the puzzle. Right. And yeah, so for the USA I have stopped creating the campaigns for the new ASINs like the ones that we haven't been targeted in the campaigns because there was the enough campaigns for the time being. So I thought to shift the focus for the top performing ASINs now. So I have extracted the data based on the March to April where I have like started like selected top five or six ASIN that I'm going to focus for the coming month for the whole May month. Right. For the Canada and the for the U.S. so if we see in the U.S. the most performing so we have someone. Hi zelka. Hi.

Speaker B: Hello.

Speaker A: How are you?

Speaker B: Good, how are you?

Speaker A: I'm good. So I, I mean I was just discussing the performance and the agenda that I have for the next month. Right. So I what I discussed before you, the thing is that there was some campaigns that were not working well for the last two weeks. So I paused those campaigns. So in the next weeks probably we can see that there will be some spend reduction and I will utilize that spend for the campaigns that I'm going to set up for the top performing ASINs now. Right. So I was telling to the other team members that for the month of the May I'm not going to focus on the all ASINs but I'm going to create campaigns for the top five ASINs based on the data from March to April. Right. So I have gathered the data like from the business reports and I have find out the top five or the six ASIN for the most marketplaces for which I'm going to create campaigns now. Right. So what type of the campaigns I'm going to create mainly the keyword campaigns there. Actually the keyword ranking for those campaigns are getting better. So now I need to focus like the other targeting campaigns like for example the Async targeting campaigns and also the cross targeting campaign for brand defense purpose. So now I will like cross target all of these ASINs on the other listings so we can like have the brand defense factor for all of these reasons. And after that I'm going to set up some other like high performing ASIN targeting campaigns so we can get the benefit of their traffic as well. And also I'm going to start the sponsored brand campaigns now. So do you have videos for your any of the ASIN or any of the product listings that we can target in the sponsored brand video campaigns?

Speaker B: Yes. So we are, we're gonna have a video for. I think you have it here as sugar free electrolyte water. So line nine and there is a version I guess of it in the States as well. We actually don't have the product in stock right now for the hydration listing but we're getting it in. So in the next week or so we should have the product in as well as the actual videos for it. And these videos are gonna be. I could share the links with you guys now but like they're Disney, Disney focused so they're, they're co promoting a movie that's coming out with Disney. So I think it's gonna be a great push for the product.

Speaker A: Okay. I don't need the videos for all of the ASINs. I just need for more top three aces. Like for the Canada market it would be sandwich cookies or the keto bombs and the keto bars we don't have that.

Speaker B: But what I'm trying to tell you is that the reason why those are not top ASINs is because it's out of stock.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So it's the item number nine that you have but it's out of stock currently. Like we don't have a lot of hydration left so it will become our top selling asin. I'm pretty confident once we do have it back in stock fully and once the ad starts running.

Speaker A: Okay, do you have any updated sheet where you have mentioned the stock like this ASIN is out of stock and this is going to be restock in this week. So we, I can those asins and I can shift the ASIN like focus. My focus for the campaigns to the other asins. Yes.

Speaker B: We could provide that to you.

Speaker A: Okay, that would be great.

Speaker B: Now how often do you update these campaigns?

Speaker A: I like for the tracker I updated on the weekly basis for the optimization, bi weekly, but it depends on the performance.

Speaker B: Okay. So how often do you look at that performance?

Speaker A: Like bi weekly? Yeah. No, no, twice a week. Yeah. Okay. Because we cannot make changes on the daily basis. It disrupts the Amazon algorithm. So if I make any adjustments into the bead side or placement side or the campaigns creations, it takes minimum three days to gather the data or to see the performance. Right. So before that I cannot take any of the actions. So I have to wait. So it's a twice a week show

Speaker B: how many feedback on that? Well,

Speaker C: you know, for, if you look into, I don't know what kind of adjust, I mean so here's what I observed for the, I think in the last two weeks in the Canadian sides, I believe in terms of beads, no adjustments are made. In the US probably yesterday we made two adjustments, two bead adjustments. That's what was done and yeah, that's what I observed. Do you want to say something about that?

Speaker A: Yeah. For the changes, I'm not like do you have this, the performance record link sheet? Right, this one that I'm currently showing to you?

Speaker C: Well, I didn't have that last, after the last meeting. I'm not sure if that was sent before.

Speaker B: So in the discussion we didn't get that actually I think you guys said you would send it, but we never did get it.

Speaker A: Okay, I'll say, I'll ask. I am putting the changes, main changes that I'm going to like doing in your account. So I have a track of the changes, what I'm doing with the last week and what I did and I'm going to do for the next week. Right. So for the bid adjustments and everything, for the small changes, I cannot mention all of the changes here because it's in the end it's going to mess up. Right. So mainly like the main changes that I'm doing, I'm putting it here. So based on the changes, it doesn't mean that I'm strictly following this twice a week. Like for example, for the Canada market, I know I that I was not making most of the changes because that marketplace doesn't needed the bid adjustment side changes on the basis because the performance was great. So for the Canada market, goals are different. For the USA marketplace goals are different. Right. So if I, if we talk about the Canada market main focus is the growth Factor, right? So when we talk about the growth factor we need to analyze the budget as well on the weekly basis. Like for example if I see the budget from the 21st to the 7th of April for the USA market it goes 3300. But if I see the orders ratio it didn't improve that much. Like if I compare the comparison between the spend and the orders it's not like that high. Like if I'm going to spend the 300 extra dollar but the audit issue is not that great, right? It didn't make much difference for the 300 extra dollars, right. So I cannot with this 3300 spend for this week I will shift my focus. I will what I will do I will not make create campaigns for this week. Like for example in the last week I am like mentioned in the discussion link that I'm going to create this campaign for the coming week. But after analyzing the performance for the next week what I saw that the spend was high so I cannot create the campaign. So I changed the goal for that week. So what did I will do that I'll make the like filter out the campaigns for which target the spend was high and the page for which what target the Echos was high. So what I need to do now is to see the high ACOS targets or the high ACOS campaigns. Whether the target whether the keyword was super relevant or the semi relevant. If it's super relevant and it didn't convert for that week I will wait next three or four or five week days. If it's maybe there is a downtrend or maybe there is a competition in the market or maybe there is a market change behavior. Right. So I have to see those factors as well. So I will wait three to four days more to see the behavior of that keyword in terms of the trend and in terms of the customer behavior. Right. Then I'll make the adjustment. So it works like that, right. So I cannot make the better adjustment changes or the every change on the daily basis or after two days or the three days because I have to see the and I have to analyze the performance and make the adjustments and plan of the action accordingly. Right. So for the Canada market the spend was like average and the orders got increased. Right. If we I see that from the 21 to 27 April. Right. So now I have seen the goal factor which I'm focusing on the growth factor. Right. So what I'm going to do for the next week I will set up the campaigns. Now the performance has maintained the Performance is increasing according to my goal. So what I need to do now, I need to set new goals for this marketplace and what, what it will be. I'm going to create the sponsored brand campaigns so I can like the store sport like campaigns or the product collection campaigns for this marketplace so I can show my product top of the pages and what response I get for those top performing campaigns. Right. So that's how we set the plans on the weekly basis and that's how the plan changes according to the performance and according to the spend and according to the KPI performance on the weekly basis. Right. So if you wanted to see the changes or if you wanted to see the adjustments that I'm going to make the main changes, you can just come into the discussion link and you can see here and for the numbers, you can just come here and see what spend we had on the weekly basis and what on the monthly basis. Right.

Speaker B: So here we could kind of see if we're just looking from the top down, so the top columns being like the older dates, you can kind of see that the PPC is kind of going up or trending up. Yes, but our efficiency if we take a look at like CVR column.

Speaker A: Yes, Decreasing. Yes. Conversion, it is decreasing because when you are changing the adjustments into the campaign Amazon algorithm changes, it depends on the age and when you make the the approved changes or gradually you are making the changes into the campaigns, we can expect the up and down in terms of the performance. Right. So what our goals should be, we cannot like mainly rely on the weekly performances. We should make a decision on the base of the 15 days data or mainly the monthly data. Right. So based on the goals and the based of on the performance things goes up and down. Like for example, if we see for the Canada marketplace the order got increased but if you see the CVR rate it didn't goes like from the it was less. Right. But if we see the PPC orders it got increased, but on the total orders it was less.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Organic side. Right. So what I need to do, I need to set my goals again for this marketplace. For the coming with what what would be that I need to focus on the organic side. I need to see the keywords which I was ranked for the previous month. So I need to analyze the market behavior, I need to analyze the search volume, I need to search to see the search volume trend for that keyword. So what happened in the last month? At the last month I got 70000 organic sales, but this month it was 58. Either there were some the keywords that for them the search, the search volume or the search volume down or what happened. Right. So I need to analyze those factors as well and depending upon those factors I need to make adjustments. I need to set the goals and then secure the plan.

Speaker B: Okay. Piero or Shoham, do you guys have any suggestions looking at these numbers or the strategy?

Speaker C: Not right now for me I could have a better look if they send the the file and think on something.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Okay. That's why like firstly when I got account with the main focus was to add the ASINs that were not targeted into the campaigns. So after adding those asins what I found is all of those were not have the potential to convert as much like for the in comparison to the other top for performing. Right. After adding those and perform for those essay what I'm going to do now just focus on the top five now. So after seeing that the our organic rank has decreased for the Canada and and did it got improved for on the USA side as well. So I have changed my focus to how I can improve the organic ranks. So I cannot improve the organic ranks for all of the ASINs. Right. So what that's why I chose top five or the top six. So for the coming month I'm just going for these tops and I'll just focus for the organic ranks in the PPC. I'll create new campaigns for this these ASINs and also track the keyword ranks for these ASINs. So when I got like see the results for the better rankings for these ASINs then I can gradually add like the less performing ASINs. But for the coming month my main focus would be these 10 ASINs mainly. So if any of the ASINs is out of stock then I will focus to the other. I will add the other less performing ASIN into this list. Right,

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. So on our end if you could just send us the document then we'll kind of take a look at it but in theory it makes sense. And then I also sent you the screenshot of the. Yeah,

Speaker A: okay, got it, got it. Any other concerns?

Speaker B: Not at this time.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay, I'll ask send this sheet link to you and also for this talk sheet. Okay. Okay. So I'm going to stop the recording. Thanks for your time guys. Or you can just email a. Right.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Thank you Namra.

Speaker A: Thank you.

