Transcript for: Recording__620.mp4
Title: Recording #620
============================================================

That's you, by the way. Yeah, I was messing with my camera, and then it doesn't. Like, someone calls when I have my camera on a different app. So let me call you right back. Okay. Okay. Hey. Yeah, it's working now. Yeah, Yeah, I was just checking the lighting, and then I forgot I had my camera open when I answered it. Okay. Yeah. Anyway. All right, real quick, before we start class itself, did you get a message I sent out to all my students about a trip that I have? Yes, I wanted to ask you about that. Yeah. So were you able to look over the dates or would you like to. Yeah, fair enough. There are so many dates. Yeah, I just. I kind of put them because I have students on all different days to kind of mix around. But I probably will be talking to people individually anyway. Okay, so would you like to do that now or would you like me to send something for you personally? Well, no, it's fine. I mean, you know what? It's just the Saturdays. So I'll take which Saturdays you are not there, and then I'll just, you know. Do I have to skip the class on my end on the platform, or will you be able to do that for me? I mean, how does it work? It's easier if you skip it. But if there are certain days you want to reschedule, for example, the 18th, I am available. It's just a few hours later. Okay. I don't know how. What you usually have going on in Saturdays, if you could push it. And then there's some days where I'm not available on Saturday, but I am available on Sunday, if that is something you would rather do. I see that. Okay. Well, probably I. I will have to look into the time, and there are different time zones. I see. Yeah. So I can write one up for you specifically. I kind of have some notes over here for you specifically. But I could kind of write it and send it after class, if that's easier. Yes. Yes. All right. Yeah, sounds good. All right, so I will write that and then feel free to message me back. It doesn't start for a while, so we. I could send the suggestion and then you could just. We could talk about it next time as well. Yes. All right, cool. So speaking of time, did you get a time to look over our fun new A sounds? Yes, I was looking at them, but I wish I could practice even more. That's the case every week, actually. But, yeah, I did take a look, and I was looking at schwa, white short A and lax short A. And I also took Notes of some words where I think I confused them. I mean, between white, shorty, and lag shorty. And also in some cases, I think I'll have trouble understanding where it's schwa, where it's black shortly, especially because, I mean, I understand schwa is. I mean, why short is only when we have a. Like, that's when the possibility is. And of course, there are some general rules before r, after w, and loan words. But then for sure, it's not limited to only a. It's. It's just any. It's whatever val. It wants. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Sometimes it's even why. Yeah, so like I said, schwa is completely up to stress. So if you don't know a word and you're dissecting it and you're trying to figure out, okay, I have absolutely no idea what to do with this. And then, you know, the general pattern of stress, you can figure out, okay, there's probably not going to be stress here. For example, we have some words like, where it actually just drops. The middle vowel is a very common pattern. For example, instead of family, it's family. Or camera becomes camera. So there's some patterns like that for schwa. Are you talking. Did you mention that you confused some of them when you were listening or is that just when you were trying to figure out and read it or. Well, the usual way I pronounce some words, for example, whether it's pass or pass, glass or glass, you know, half or half, master or master. So these. And another thing that I was. Especially the word Pilates, I like that because there's a shoah. And then immediately after that, I have to pronounce the lax, short a. Yeah. So I mean, I was trying to see how is that, you know, moving from that schwa to the lax, short a. And I also, another thing that I. I think that I don't. I understand the difference in the tongue position, but then I don't understand the difference in the sound yet between the lack, short and schwa. So I was wondering, how about I ask you actually to pronounce some of those words that are actually supposed to be pronounced with lack, shardeh, but also with short. So how does that sound? Yeah, you want me to make some minimal pairs for some of the words? Yeah, sure. Do you have the list? Well, we can just take a look at the worksheet. And so normal words like father are, you know, which. Which worksheet are we looking at? Schwa or. Or we're looking at lack, short A. Okay, let Me just pull that one up. The examples. Oh, okay. So the practice sheet or examples on the worksheet. The worksheet. Okay. Yeah. All right. So we have some example words. And which ones kind of would you like to look at? Anything that might have. Might have, you know, like father. It. It could be a shoah, too, isn't it? People wouldn't really pronounce that word as a schwa, if that's what you mean. I don't think people would say father. Okay. That's what I want to understand. So how does that sound different? Yeah, yeah. If you want, I can actually look at some of these, and right away I can give you a tip for this. And if you're trying to figure out if it's a schwa or schwa, A we looked at Sure A lack. Sure. A lack. Sure. A specifically comes before a lot of R sounds. Right. But what happens if a schwa tries to come before an R sound? Oh, we don't pronounce that vowel at all. It's the schwa. R. Yeah. So right away you would know that a word like art. R, Car, far, arm. Those ones would never be schwa. So it's even. It would be hard for me to even pronounce. It would be like art. It's just not something that native speakers would do in really any case. But a word like father. I can. I can read those ones and then use like, a schwa and then use the short A as well. So you could hear the difference. Yeah. All right, so I'm going to skip the ones with r, but I'll read the rest. Okay. So father. Father. Watch. Watch. Pilates. Pilates. Water. Water. Want. Quantum. Quantum. Wash. Wash. Pasta. Pasta. Where's the next nod? R. Plaza. Plaza. Wand. Wand. And I think that's it. No, I do hear the difference, but. Yeah. Wow. I think you might find it helpful. I have this sheet called Schwa vs All, where I actually take all the short vowels and I have some comparison to schwa itself. Okay. So it might be worth peeking over that. And you know, when you are pronouncing it with schwa for some words, I realized that I actually do that. I mean, I use schwa, not lack. Shard. A for some of those words. Oh, hey, I'm sorry. I think with. Disconnected for a while, I think. Oh, no problem. Yeah. You. You were mentioning that sometimes you pronounce it more as a schwa. Yeah. And I was saying that's something that we kind of talked about last time, where you just have to pull your Tongue up a little bit more. So other than the tongue position, is there really a difference between schwa and short A? No. Yeah. So that's, that's why it's so hard to keep track. Maybe one, you'll have your jaw a little open or more closed, but other than that, throat lips are relaxed and the tongue is barely moved. So it might help to open your jaw a little bit more with this one. Sometimes if you open your jaw, it kind of forces your tongue back. Not too much. You don't want to like father, but it does help a little bit to gradually kind of nudge your tongue back. And if you remember when we talked about moving your tongue back, don't work on the muscles in the back of your tongue. Just work on pushing the front of your tongue back and will naturally move the back as well. So if you want to open the worksheet I sent you, I have all those recordings. You can ignore them for now, but open the schwa versus all worksheet. Okay. Where is that? Let's see. Somewhere in. Where I sent in your Skype. Oh, on Skype. Okay. Yeah. This is, this is a thing that I kind of put together for one of my other students and. All right, so go ahead and read schwa versus all. You'll kind of get an idea of what's happening and then we'll go to specifically. Okay, let's see. Okay, I have opened it. So here it says sure can easily be confused with other short vowels. When listening for sure, it is important to be able to tell when it is a schwa, a wedge, or a short. I think I have. I'm not familiar with wage yet. Or a different short vowel altogether. Below is a list of the other short vowels with two practices each. The first practice is minimal pairs with the wedge or schwa. For the sake of minimal pair listening practice, sometimes wedge is required. Okay, we'll talk about what wedges. Just for now, wedge is going to be schwa. Okay. Okay. And the listed short vowels. Okay. The second practice is multi syllable words with pure schwa and the given short vowel. Try to find a syllable with the schwa and the syllable with the given short vowel. Read each word in each practice, then listen to the recording. Can you hear the difference? Did you pronounce the word the same as in the recording? When you are done with each practice, there will be an answer sheet on the next page for the multi syllable words. To double check your listening and pronunciation skill, please only look at the answer key once you have done the practice. Remember short Vowel equal to not, no movement. So since you're pretty good about telling the difference between wide shore a and val, I want to. Or wide shore a and schwa. I want to go over that practice first so that it's kind of easier to go through. And then I'm going to do the lack shore A one with you. Okay. And then you can listen to the recording or all that fun stuff after. So, for example, the first practice, it said we have minimal pairs. So if you remember, minimal pairs means that it's the same exact sound, except. Except for one thing changes. So if you look at the minimal pairs for wide shore a, it's cat, cut, bad bud, snack, snuck, pat, putt, hack, huck. Yes. So I think with those ones, you could tell pretty easily this particular short vowel isn't an issue for you. So I'm sure you can tell which one is which listening to it. But. But the multisyllable one specifically, I think might be helpful for you with the lack short A. So the multisyllable one, each of these words will have the target vowel. So in this case, the one we're doing is wide shore a, but it will also have schwa. The words will have this, you know, both of them, depending on the syllable. For example, the. The word Samantha. Where would you say the schwa is? And where would you say the wide short a is? So sa. Man. The sa is. We have schwa in that A after S. Samantha. And then a. We have white short in that a in man, Samantha. Yeah. And then what about the last day? Last one. Yeah, last one. I think that's also. Sure. Yes, exactly. So that we have the rest of these listings. I'm going to go ahead and read the rest of them. We're going to do. Actually, I'm going to read maybe the next few, and then I'm going to have you read a few, actually. Okay, so I'll read the next one. Alabama. Alabama. So where would you say. Okay, so white shorty. There are two. The first one and the third one. And the other two are schwa. Yes, exactly. The next one, astronaut. Now, this one's tricky because remember, schwa doesn't always have to be on an A. Mm. It's the first one. The A is white short A. And I think the tro. The O is sure. Not exactly. All right, I'll. I'll do one more, and then we're going to reverse it. So animal, huh? Wow. Yeah. So A is white, short a. And I. It's sure. Yeah, exactly. Can you go Ahead and read. And how about the mal and mal? And that A is also wide short, isn't it? That A is actually silent. It's something called a syllabic L. It does something similar to a schwa. R. So it's actually an mole. Mole. So the A isn't actually there. Okay. Wow. I have never pronounced an ML with schwa before. Yeah, it's not actually. It's silent. So instead of animal or anything like that, it's. No, I would say animal. And then look at me. You learned how to say the most important word in English vocabulary. You're done. I set you free. Go ahead and read the next one for me. Yeah, sure. Who? Acquisition. Acquisition. Oh, God. Acquisition. So I'll say a is, of course, white, short a. And then we have a schwa in shun. But that's what I can read. We have two schwa. So you're right on the A and on the shin. But there's two schwa. Aqua. It will be position. Wow. Acquisition. Yeah, so, yeah, that's why I sound different. All right. Acquisition. Acquisition. Yeah. So where's the sanketchwa? It's in qui. That I there. What's the next word? All right, so then practitioner. It's practitioner. So we have why shoulder in that? A. Prac. And then shun. We have a schwa in that. Shun. Exactly. All right, Next one. Satisfaction. It's a satisfaction. It's like we have a white short in sa and fac. Both of these. And Shan Hashwa. Perfect. All right. I think you're. You're pretty good on this. You have the basic idea. We could go ahead and skip Avalanche and Morality and go ahead and go to the next page. So you could see. Here's the cheat sheet. If you ever need to check it. You know we have schwa, whatever the target happens to be. All right, let's go to the next page with lackshore A. Remember not to look at the cheat sheet before we do our practices. So what does it say for a Lack shore? A. Okay. Many US Speakers will mix lack short A with short O. Depending on where you go, you might not hear much difference. Minimal pairs. Yeah, we haven't gone over short O yet, but when it does come up, I want to talk about it, because I think in Canada, it's pretty similar to Michigan, so there would be a distinct difference, but some areas wouldn't. And we'll just talk about that when we do shore up. Okay. Yeah. So minimal pairs. Yeah. Do you want me to read the paragraph? So, yes, go Ahead, most are approximates. Lack, short a and schwa or wedge. Minimal pairs are rare in English since schwa never appears before r or l. And lack short a is always, always. Almost always found before r or l. I forgot where this l came from. I am. I mean, I don't remember the L. I remember before r and after w and long. Sorry, Loan words. So when it's l, is it loan words when it's l? Honestly, I'm not sure. I think it would be. I think we have a lot of loan words where it was used before l. It's just a very common loan word where we kept the sound is before l. If I had to guess, I would say because l and R are so similar that we just kind of hung onto it in the l situation. But I'm honestly, I have not double checked this. So if. If you're ever in jeopardy and they're asking, don't take my word for it. So. Yeah, so it's very commonly before r and l. So all this is saying is that the minimal pairs won't be exact. So actually, when it comes to your situation with words like father, water, Pilates, I don't. It's important to know that not a lot of words with the A sound will turn into another word. If you use schwa instead, it might sound kind of weird and you're not saying it the correct way. But it's not commonly going to be a middle mo pair with schwa. Okay. So if you go around and you do say father instead of father, people will be like, oh, that's. That's a weird way of saying it. But it won't turn it into a different word. Yes. Yeah. There are some sounds where they're very commonly minimal pairs. For example, a word like sit, seat, boat, beat, sheep, ship. But we'll talk about that one. Yeah, I have a hard time with those words. Yeah, no, those are actually. That's a very common issue with a lot of languages. So once we go through the short vowels, when we go to short, I will compare it to long e. We'll do all that fun stuff. But for right now, it's just kind of important to know that it might be hard to hear the difference between schwa, edge or a because it doesn't change the meaning. So your brain never clicked and said, oh, those are different words. So it didn't focus on it enough to think it's important. So that might be one reason that you kind of hear them as the same is because your brain never thought of them. As an important difference. Yeah. That being said, I'll read the minimal pairs and then we'll go over the multi syllable. Okay. Artery, uttery, dark, duck, park, puck, carp, cup, stark, stuck. Okay. Can you hear the difference between the a and the. Say that one more time. Sure. So artery, uttery, dark, duck, park, puck, carp, cup, stark, stuck. It's like the last short. A is really short. And it's like quick, kind of. Correct me if I'm wrong, by the way. And the schwa is just plain and simple, relaxed A. Ah, kind of sound. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, the schwa is. Is very relaxed. The a sounds here might not be super long, but it also will be longer than the schwa. Just because it doesn't have too much tenseness. But it is tenser than the schwa. Do you mean that it's shorter than schwa or it should be longer? Longer. So schwa is the shortest. So when it comes to actually how long the sound is, schwa has no stress, so it will be the shortest of all the vowels. Okay. So since it has absolutely no stress and stress is what makes something longer, louder and higher in tone, the schwa will be the opposite. But all the other vowels should be about equal length. Other than the chihuahua, schwa is special. The other which are usually loud, longer than schwa, longer, louder. And so in that case, I observed something incorrectly here. I'm not sure why it sounded like the lack short is short, even shorter than schwa. Probably it's something else that made it seem like that. I don't know what's going on. Well, let's see if you hear the same thing in the multi syllable words. Okay, so I'm going to read the first few and we're going to go over. Maybe I'll do like the first five. We're going to do the same thing before we switch. So. Card Carcinogen. So can you tell me where do you think so car synogen. Well, it's before R, so it's definitely lack shard. A. And then we have sina there. The O is schwa. Yes. So can you hear the difference between the two sounds? So you can guess with the r, but listening. Say that again, please. Sure. Car synogen. It might help. If it was a schwa, it wouldn't be carcinogen, it would be cosinogen. Car. No, of course. Yeah, yeah. I think that might be what helps you the most is just being like, okay, this sounds too much like schwab, but then kind of bringing in a real schwa. All right. Marmalade. Yeah. So the first one is of course a lax shard. A the ama laid. The second, the A in ma is schwa. And correct me if I'm wrong here, the one in laid is wide, short A. It is something called a long a. So when a vowel makes its name. So for example a, O marmale, it actually says a marmalade. It will be a long version. So usually a long sound would just be the vowel saying its name. So for example, a long O would be open. You literally say O, pin, open, Utah, U, taw, It's. It's. The vowels are basically just saying their name. So if you ever hear that, it's the long vowel. Okay. Yeah. So it's. It's doing three things here with marmalade. Uh huh. All right. Architect. Yes. So first one is lackshort. A. But I had trouble hearing the schwa in this one. Is it intact? No. Architect. So it's in that one. Architect. So see, so how would you say this word? Architect? Architect. Architect. Yeah. Pilates. Yeah, I'm familiar with the fourth one. Pilates. So which. Which syllable? So how many syllables are in this word? Three. So an architect. Which. How many? Architect. Ol. Architect. Three. Yeah. And so which one has the schwa? The second one. Yes. All right, let's. Let's move on. I'll do Pilates and then I'll let you take over. So Pilates? Yes. PA Lattes. So the first one is pa. That one has shua law. It's. Sorry. Yeah. The second one has lack shorty. And then nothing else. Yes, Go ahead and take over at this point. Okay. Cardiology. Cardiology. Oh, God. Cardiology. Cardiology. Okay, so the first one is lack chart A. And the doctor. That one has schwa in it. Right? Close. So it's car D. So it has car D. Isn't quite sure. Cardi. All logi. Oh, wow. Okay. Car D. I'll logi. Okay. All right. Tara Nation. What? I haven't even heard that word before. It's honestly not a very commonly used word. It's kind of more. In the American South. It's like what, in tar nation? Yeah, it's kind of like saying, what the heck? Oh, okay. It means like just craziness. Okay. Termination. So it's. The first one is lack, short A. And last one is schwa. The na one that is, Is that white short. A tarnation. The n A. Yes. So if you listen, Tar nay. You can actually hear the A saying its name. Tar Nay. Long, long vowel again. Okay. Tarnation. Okay, okay. And then walrush. Walrus. What is walrus? Walrus. Okay, so, well, I can say the first one is lack, charde, Last one ishwar, and then caramel, actually for. For walrus. So let's go ahead and replace the first A with a schwa. So let's go ahead and start integrating the listening practice of replacing lack. Sure. A with schwa to kind of hear a difference. So walrus, Walrus, wal. W. So how would you say this with a schwa? Well, it's after w. It's kind of difficult to pronounce walrus. I would say it's more the l that makes it difficult. Yeah. Okay. I don't think I can pronounce it. Sure. What about tarnation? Tarnation. Tarnation. That's what I'm doing. I'm pronouncing this schwa. You're actually saying it. You're trying to do it as a schwa. But since R and L dislike schwa so much, it kind of already naturally pushes into the lacture a position. So what I think might be helpful is to practice lakshua or a before r and l specifically, since it's so difficult to confuse it with schwa in that position. And then kind of get a feel for it. Be like, okay, my tongue is going this high. This is where my mouth is. This is what it sounds like. And then factor into the words that you actually do switch around with schwa, like father and water and things like that and integrate. Okay, I know how to use it from the R L situation. Now. I can use that properly where it can turn into schwa, right? Yeah. All right, let's go ahead and go through the last couple words here. Sure. So caramelize here, caramelize. So first one is definitely not a lack charity. It's probably white shorty. Caramelize. And then this one after R. Would you say the first one is white shorty because it's caramelized? So I say caramelize. Really? Yes. I'm actually. I know caramel and caramel are switched around depending on where you are. I'm curious, have you heard, have you talked about caramel with native people, with locals? Okay. I would be curious if you go up and you go, hey, do you caramelize or caramelize your onion? Caramelize. I'm curious where it is because to my understanding, and I can be wrong about this, because regional things change all the time. Caramel is more kind of Southern in the U.S. okay, So for. For the sake of this, caramelize. Caramelize hmm. Okay, so the first one is lack. Shorty. And then we have schwa. In mala is ma Lies. Right? Yeah. Where would you. Where are you hearing the second one lies? That one? No, that one's not really sure. So if you say it Karma. And then the last one. Lie. I. It's a. The I is saying its own name. So how would you guess what that sound is? Lie. That. That's a long. Holden. Yeah. Which. Which long vowel. I. Yes. Long I. Wow. Okay. Wow. I never did this before. Let's go on to the next one. Yes. Wasabi. Wasabi. The first one, of course, will be Lakshaday. I have to really. Anyway, Wasabi. Wasabi. And then the one after ace is schwa. Wasabi. Switch it. So the first A you said is schwab. No. Okay. I said that one is lakshad Wa Sa. B. See the difference here too? This is helpful when they're together like one after another. So. Yes. So the first one is schwa. Yes. Really? Yes. No. Yes. Instead of wasabi, it's wasabi. If it was a schwa, it would. If both of them were schwa, it would sound like wasabi. Okay. Shorter. So instead of wasabi, it's wasabi. And if it was both short A, it would be wa. Sabi. Yeah, that one I put there to trick people. Okay, so the last one is carbohydrate. It's just something that you pronounce we say every day. Probably not every day, but very common. Carbohydrate. So that's the enunciated version. So where do you think you would say that word with the schwa? I think it's carb. Hydrate. Like carbohydrate. Yeah, carbohydrate. Carbohydrate. So it'll be B. Will have the schwa in it. And the first one is lack Shorty. Great hydrate. Great hydrate. Are you pronouncing as long A? No. Yeah, hydrated. I think I'll also confuse between long A and wide. Short A. That's fair. Long A is also pretty tense. Yeah. When we do go over long A, it might be helpful to kind of jot down. Oh, yeah. You want to compare this to the short sound. So it might be helpful to keep that in the back of your mind. When we do do go over long sounds. A lot of long sounds are confused with short sounds. Yeah. All right. So this entire sheet actually has all the short sounds. So if this does come up again, like we're going to go over short e. Next time. So if short E has the same problem, short E and short I, I would say are very often confused with schwa. So you have this as a comparison practice. And I also sent you some recordings of me reading the minimal pairs and reading the multisyllable words as well, if you want to have those again. Yes, I will. I'll take a look at those. All right. Like I said, I would definitely suggest practicing with R and l because it's very difficult to confuse it with schwa in that position. R and L don't like schwa. So just listen to yourself. When it is with R and L, feel the position kind of be like, oh, the tip of my tongue is not touching my teeth anymore with the short A or whatever it is. And then kind of get your bearings and then move it into a more difficult position without R and L. We'll kind of check in on that next time before going into short E. But if you do have any questions in the meantime, you can go ahead and let me know. Sure. Yeah. All right. Awesome. I will also get over the dates and all that fun stuff, so if you have a minute, look over that. If not, we'll talk about it next time. And I will see you next week. Sure. Yeah. And where are you traveling, by the way? Well, the first week, my mom's actually coming over to Germany. And then she's like, you know what? While we're in Europe, may as well go see London. I'm like, okay, that's how it works, I guess. And then I was like, you know, while we're in the uk, we may as well go see Scotland. So it kind of snowballed a little bit. Okay, I see. Yeah. So we're going to be here in Munich for a minute, then London, then Edinburgh. Okay. That's the entire two weeks plan. That's the. That's the whole plan. And then after that, I'm going back to the US For a little while. Oh, okay. Yep. So I will keep you updated on if I go to the US If I get kidnapped by fey folk in the Scotland Highlands, how it goes. Sure. All right. Well, all right. Same. Thank you so much for the class, and we'll talk again next week. Of course. See ya. Yeah, Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: That's you, by the way.

Speaker B: Yeah, I was messing with my camera, and then it doesn't. Like, someone calls when I have my camera on a different app. So let me call you right back.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Hey. Yeah, it's working now.

Speaker B: Yeah, Yeah, I was just checking the lighting, and then I forgot I had my camera open when I answered it. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Anyway. All right, real quick, before we start class itself, did you get a message I sent out to all my students about a trip that I have?

Speaker A: Yes, I wanted to ask you about that.

Speaker B: Yeah. So were you able to look over the dates or would you like to. Yeah, fair enough.

Speaker A: There are so many dates.

Speaker B: Yeah, I just. I kind of put them because I have students on all different days to kind of mix around. But I probably will be talking to people individually anyway. Okay, so would you like to do that now or would you like me to send something for you personally?

Speaker A: Well, no, it's fine. I mean, you know what? It's just the Saturdays. So I'll take which Saturdays you are not there, and then I'll just, you know. Do I have to skip the class on my end on the platform, or will you be able to do that for me? I mean, how does it work?

Speaker B: It's easier if you skip it. But if there are certain days you want to reschedule, for example, the 18th, I am available. It's just a few hours later.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: I don't know how. What you usually have going on in Saturdays, if you could push it. And then there's some days where I'm not available on Saturday, but I am available on Sunday, if that is something you would rather do.

Speaker A: I see that. Okay. Well, probably I. I will have to look into the time, and there are different time zones. I see.

Speaker B: Yeah. So I can write one up for you specifically. I kind of have some notes over here for you specifically. But I could kind of write it and send it after class, if that's easier.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: All right. Yeah, sounds good.

Speaker B: All right, so I will write that and then feel free to message me back. It doesn't start for a while, so we. I could send the suggestion and then you could just. We could talk about it next time as well.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: All right, cool. So speaking of time, did you get a time to look over our fun new A sounds?

Speaker A: Yes, I was looking at them, but I wish I could practice even more. That's the case every week, actually. But, yeah, I did take a look, and I was looking at schwa, white short A and lax short A. And I also took Notes of some words where I think I confused them. I mean, between white, shorty, and lag shorty. And also in some cases, I think I'll have trouble understanding where it's schwa, where it's black shortly, especially because, I mean, I understand schwa is. I mean, why short is only when we have a. Like, that's when the possibility is. And of course, there are some general rules before r, after w, and loan words. But then for sure, it's not limited to only a. It's. It's just any.

Speaker B: It's whatever val. It wants. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Sometimes it's even why. Yeah, so like I said, schwa is completely up to stress. So if you don't know a word and you're dissecting it and you're trying to figure out, okay, I have absolutely no idea what to do with this. And then, you know, the general pattern of stress, you can figure out, okay, there's probably not going to be stress here. For example, we have some words like, where it actually just drops. The middle vowel is a very common pattern. For example, instead of family, it's family. Or camera becomes camera. So there's some patterns like that for schwa. Are you talking. Did you mention that you confused some of them when you were listening or is that just when you were trying to figure out and read it or.

Speaker A: Well, the usual way I pronounce some words, for example, whether it's pass or pass, glass or glass, you know, half or half, master or master. So these. And another thing that I was. Especially the word Pilates, I like that because there's a shoah. And then immediately after that, I have to pronounce the lax, short a. Yeah. So I mean, I was trying to see how is that, you know, moving from that schwa to the lax, short a. And I also, another thing that I. I think that I don't. I understand the difference in the tongue position, but then I don't understand the difference in the sound yet between the lack, short and schwa. So I was wondering, how about I ask you actually to pronounce some of those words that are actually supposed to be pronounced with lack, shardeh, but also with short. So how does that sound?

Speaker B: Yeah, you want me to make some minimal pairs for some of the words? Yeah, sure. Do you have the list?

Speaker A: Well, we can just take a look at the worksheet. And so normal words like father are, you know, which.

Speaker B: Which worksheet are we looking at? Schwa or.

Speaker A: Or we're looking at lack, short A.

Speaker B: Okay, let Me just pull that one up.

Speaker A: The examples.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. So the practice sheet or examples on the worksheet.

Speaker A: The worksheet.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: All right. So we have some example words. And which ones kind of would you like to look at?

Speaker A: Anything that might have. Might have, you know, like father. It. It could be a shoah, too, isn't it?

Speaker B: People wouldn't really pronounce that word as a schwa, if that's what you mean. I don't think people would say father.

Speaker A: Okay. That's what I want to understand. So how does that sound different?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. If you want, I can actually look at some of these, and right away I can give you a tip for this. And if you're trying to figure out if it's a schwa or schwa, A we looked at Sure A lack. Sure. A lack. Sure. A specifically comes before a lot of R sounds. Right. But what happens if a schwa tries to come before an R sound?

Speaker A: Oh, we don't pronounce that vowel at all. It's the schwa.

Speaker B: R. Yeah. So right away you would know that a word like art. R, Car, far, arm. Those ones would never be schwa. So it's even. It would be hard for me to even pronounce. It would be like art. It's just not something that native speakers would do in really any case. But a word like father. I can. I can read those ones and then use like, a schwa and then use the short A as well. So you could hear the difference.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: All right, so I'm going to skip the ones with r, but I'll read the rest. Okay. So father. Father. Watch. Watch. Pilates. Pilates. Water. Water. Want. Quantum. Quantum. Wash. Wash. Pasta. Pasta. Where's the next nod? R. Plaza. Plaza. Wand. Wand. And I think that's it.

Speaker A: No, I do hear the difference, but. Yeah. Wow.

Speaker B: I think you might find it helpful. I have this sheet called Schwa vs All, where I actually take all the short vowels and I have some comparison to schwa itself.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So it might be worth peeking over that.

Speaker A: And you know, when you are pronouncing it with schwa for some words, I realized that I actually do that. I mean, I use schwa, not lack. Shard. A for some of those words. Oh, hey, I'm sorry.

Speaker B: I think with.

Speaker A: Disconnected for a while, I think.

Speaker B: Oh, no problem. Yeah. You. You were mentioning that sometimes you pronounce it more as a schwa.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And I was saying that's something that we kind of talked about last time, where you just have to pull your Tongue up a little bit more. So other than the tongue position, is there really a difference between schwa and short A?

Speaker A: No.

Speaker B: Yeah. So that's, that's why it's so hard to keep track. Maybe one, you'll have your jaw a little open or more closed, but other than that, throat lips are relaxed and the tongue is barely moved. So it might help to open your jaw a little bit more with this one. Sometimes if you open your jaw, it kind of forces your tongue back. Not too much. You don't want to like father, but it does help a little bit to gradually kind of nudge your tongue back. And if you remember when we talked about moving your tongue back, don't work on the muscles in the back of your tongue. Just work on pushing the front of your tongue back and will naturally move the back as well. So if you want to open the worksheet I sent you, I have all those recordings. You can ignore them for now, but open the schwa versus all worksheet.

Speaker A: Okay. Where is that? Let's see.

Speaker B: Somewhere in. Where I sent in your Skype.

Speaker A: Oh, on Skype. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. This is, this is a thing that I kind of put together for one of my other students and. All right, so go ahead and read schwa versus all. You'll kind of get an idea of what's happening and then we'll go to specifically.

Speaker A: Okay, let's see. Okay, I have opened it. So here it says sure can easily be confused with other short vowels. When listening for sure, it is important to be able to tell when it is a schwa, a wedge, or a short. I think I have. I'm not familiar with wage yet. Or a different short vowel altogether. Below is a list of the other short vowels with two practices each. The first practice is minimal pairs with the wedge or schwa. For the sake of minimal pair listening practice, sometimes wedge is required.

Speaker B: Okay, we'll talk about what wedges. Just for now, wedge is going to be schwa.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. And the listed short vowels. Okay. The second practice is multi syllable words with pure schwa and the given short vowel. Try to find a syllable with the schwa and the syllable with the given short vowel. Read each word in each practice, then listen to the recording. Can you hear the difference? Did you pronounce the word the same as in the recording? When you are done with each practice, there will be an answer sheet on the next page for the multi syllable words. To double check your listening and pronunciation skill, please only look at the answer key once you have done the practice. Remember short Vowel equal to not, no movement.

Speaker B: So since you're pretty good about telling the difference between wide shore a and val, I want to. Or wide shore a and schwa. I want to go over that practice first so that it's kind of easier to go through. And then I'm going to do the lack shore A one with you.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And then you can listen to the recording or all that fun stuff after. So, for example, the first practice, it said we have minimal pairs. So if you remember, minimal pairs means that it's the same exact sound, except. Except for one thing changes. So if you look at the minimal pairs for wide shore a, it's cat, cut, bad bud, snack, snuck, pat, putt, hack, huck.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: So I think with those ones, you could tell pretty easily this particular short vowel isn't an issue for you. So I'm sure you can tell which one is which listening to it. But. But the multisyllable one specifically, I think might be helpful for you with the lack short A. So the multisyllable one, each of these words will have the target vowel. So in this case, the one we're doing is wide shore a, but it will also have schwa. The words will have this, you know, both of them, depending on the syllable. For example, the. The word Samantha. Where would you say the schwa is? And where would you say the wide short a is? So sa. Man.

Speaker A: The sa is. We have schwa in that A after S. Samantha. And then a. We have white short in that a in man, Samantha. Yeah.

Speaker B: And then what about the last day?

Speaker A: Last one. Yeah, last one. I think that's also. Sure.

Speaker B: Yes, exactly. So that we have the rest of these listings. I'm going to go ahead and read the rest of them. We're going to do. Actually, I'm going to read maybe the next few, and then I'm going to have you read a few, actually. Okay, so I'll read the next one. Alabama. Alabama. So where would you say.

Speaker A: Okay, so white shorty. There are two. The first one and the third one. And the other two are schwa.

Speaker B: Yes, exactly. The next one, astronaut. Now, this one's tricky because remember, schwa doesn't always have to be on an A. Mm.

Speaker A: It's the first one. The A is white short A. And I think the tro. The O is sure.

Speaker B: Not exactly. All right, I'll. I'll do one more, and then we're going to reverse it. So animal, huh?

Speaker A: Wow. Yeah. So A is white, short a. And I. It's sure.

Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. Can you go Ahead and read.

Speaker A: And how about the mal and mal? And that A is also wide short, isn't it?

Speaker B: That A is actually silent. It's something called a syllabic L. It does something similar to a schwa. R. So it's actually an mole.

Speaker A: Mole.

Speaker B: So the A isn't actually there.

Speaker A: Okay. Wow. I have never pronounced an ML with schwa before.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's not actually. It's silent. So instead of animal or anything like that, it's.

Speaker A: No, I would say animal. And then look at me.

Speaker B: You learned how to say the most important word in English vocabulary. You're done. I set you free. Go ahead and read the next one for me.

Speaker A: Yeah, sure. Who? Acquisition. Acquisition. Oh, God. Acquisition. So I'll say a is, of course, white, short a. And then we have a schwa in shun. But that's what I can read.

Speaker B: We have two schwa. So you're right on the A and on the shin. But there's two schwa. Aqua.

Speaker A: It will be position. Wow. Acquisition. Yeah, so, yeah, that's why I sound different. All right. Acquisition. Acquisition.

Speaker B: Yeah. So where's the sanketchwa?

Speaker A: It's in qui. That I there.

Speaker B: What's the next word?

Speaker A: All right, so then practitioner. It's practitioner. So we have why shoulder in that? A. Prac. And then shun. We have a schwa in that. Shun.

Speaker B: Exactly. All right, Next one.

Speaker A: Satisfaction. It's a satisfaction. It's like we have a white short in sa and fac. Both of these. And Shan Hashwa.

Speaker B: Perfect. All right. I think you're. You're pretty good on this. You have the basic idea. We could go ahead and skip Avalanche and Morality and go ahead and go to the next page. So you could see. Here's the cheat sheet. If you ever need to check it. You know we have schwa, whatever the target happens to be. All right, let's go to the next page with lackshore A. Remember not to look at the cheat sheet before we do our practices. So what does it say for a Lack shore?

Speaker A: A. Okay. Many US Speakers will mix lack short A with short O. Depending on where you go, you might not hear much difference. Minimal pairs.

Speaker B: Yeah, we haven't gone over short O yet, but when it does come up, I want to talk about it, because I think in Canada, it's pretty similar to Michigan, so there would be a distinct difference, but some areas wouldn't. And we'll just talk about that when we do shore up.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. So minimal pairs.

Speaker A: Yeah. Do you want me to read the paragraph? So, yes, go Ahead, most are approximates. Lack, short a and schwa or wedge. Minimal pairs are rare in English since schwa never appears before r or l. And lack short a is always, always. Almost always found before r or l. I forgot where this l came from. I am. I mean, I don't remember the L. I remember before r and after w and long. Sorry, Loan words. So when it's l, is it loan

Speaker B: words when it's l? Honestly, I'm not sure. I think it would be. I think we have a lot of loan words where it was used before l. It's just a very common loan word where we kept the sound is before l. If I had to guess, I would say because l and R are so similar that we just kind of hung onto it in the l situation. But I'm honestly, I have not double checked this. So if. If you're ever in jeopardy and they're asking, don't take my word for it. So. Yeah, so it's very commonly before r and l. So all this is saying is that the minimal pairs won't be exact. So actually, when it comes to your situation with words like father, water, Pilates, I don't. It's important to know that not a lot of words with the A sound will turn into another word. If you use schwa instead, it might sound kind of weird and you're not saying it the correct way. But it's not commonly going to be a middle mo pair with schwa.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So if you go around and you do say father instead of father, people will be like, oh, that's. That's a weird way of saying it. But it won't turn it into a different word.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah. There are some sounds where they're very commonly minimal pairs. For example, a word like sit, seat, boat, beat, sheep, ship. But we'll talk about that one.

Speaker A: Yeah, I have a hard time with those words.

Speaker B: Yeah, no, those are actually. That's a very common issue with a lot of languages. So once we go through the short vowels, when we go to short, I will compare it to long e. We'll do all that fun stuff. But for right now, it's just kind of important to know that it might be hard to hear the difference between schwa, edge or a because it doesn't change the meaning. So your brain never clicked and said, oh, those are different words. So it didn't focus on it enough to think it's important. So that might be one reason that you kind of hear them as the same is because your brain never thought of them. As an important difference.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: That being said, I'll read the minimal pairs and then we'll go over the multi syllable.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Artery, uttery, dark, duck, park, puck, carp, cup, stark, stuck.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Can you hear the difference between the a and the.

Speaker A: Say that one more time.

Speaker B: Sure. So artery, uttery, dark, duck, park, puck, carp, cup, stark, stuck.

Speaker A: It's like the last short. A is really short. And it's like quick, kind of. Correct me if I'm wrong, by the way. And the schwa is just plain and simple, relaxed A. Ah, kind of sound.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, the schwa is. Is very relaxed. The a sounds here might not be super long, but it also will be longer than the schwa. Just because it doesn't have too much tenseness. But it is tenser than the schwa.

Speaker A: Do you mean that it's shorter than

Speaker B: schwa or it should be longer?

Speaker A: Longer.

Speaker B: So schwa is the shortest. So when it comes to actually how long the sound is, schwa has no stress, so it will be the shortest of all the vowels.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So since it has absolutely no stress and stress is what makes something longer, louder and higher in tone, the schwa will be the opposite. But all the other vowels should be about equal length. Other than the chihuahua, schwa is special. The other which are usually loud, longer than schwa, longer, louder.

Speaker A: And so in that case, I observed something incorrectly here. I'm not sure why it sounded like the lack short is short, even shorter than schwa. Probably it's something else that made it seem like that. I don't know what's going on.

Speaker B: Well, let's see if you hear the same thing in the multi syllable words.

Speaker A: Okay,

Speaker B: so I'm going to read the first few and we're going to go over. Maybe I'll do like the first five. We're going to do the same thing before we switch. So. Card Carcinogen. So can you tell me where do you think so car synogen.

Speaker A: Well, it's before R, so it's definitely lack shard. A. And then we have sina there. The O is schwa.

Speaker B: Yes. So can you hear the difference between the two sounds? So you can guess with the r, but listening.

Speaker A: Say that again, please.

Speaker B: Sure. Car synogen. It might help. If it was a schwa, it wouldn't be carcinogen, it would be cosinogen. Car.

Speaker A: No, of course. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: I think that might be what helps you the most is just being like, okay, this sounds too much like schwab, but then kind of bringing in a real schwa. All right. Marmalade.

Speaker A: Yeah. So the first one is of course a lax shard. A the ama laid. The second, the A in ma is schwa. And correct me if I'm wrong here, the one in laid is wide, short A.

Speaker B: It is something called a long a. So when a vowel makes its name. So for example a, O marmale, it actually says a marmalade. It will be a long version. So usually a long sound would just be the vowel saying its name. So for example, a long O would be open. You literally say O, pin, open, Utah, U, taw, It's. It's. The vowels are basically just saying their name. So if you ever hear that, it's the long vowel.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. So it's. It's doing three things here with marmalade.

Speaker A: Uh huh.

Speaker B: All right. Architect.

Speaker A: Yes. So first one is lackshort.

Speaker B: A.

Speaker A: But I had trouble hearing the schwa in this one. Is it intact? No. Architect. So it's in that one. Architect.

Speaker B: So see, so how would you say this word?

Speaker A: Architect?

Speaker B: Architect.

Speaker A: Architect. Yeah. Pilates. Yeah, I'm familiar with the fourth one. Pilates.

Speaker B: So which. Which syllable? So how many syllables are in this word?

Speaker A: Three.

Speaker B: So an architect. Which. How many?

Speaker A: Architect. Ol. Architect. Three.

Speaker B: Yeah. And so which one has the schwa?

Speaker A: The second one.

Speaker B: Yes. All right, let's. Let's move on. I'll do Pilates and then I'll let you take over. So Pilates?

Speaker A: Yes. PA Lattes. So the first one is pa. That one has shua law. It's. Sorry. Yeah. The second one has lack shorty. And then nothing else.

Speaker B: Yes, Go ahead and take over at this point.

Speaker A: Okay. Cardiology. Cardiology. Oh, God.

Speaker B: Cardiology.

Speaker A: Cardiology. Okay, so the first one is lack chart A. And the doctor. That one has schwa in it. Right?

Speaker B: Close. So it's car D. So it has car D. Isn't quite sure. Cardi. All logi.

Speaker A: Oh, wow. Okay. Car D. I'll logi. Okay. All right. Tara Nation. What? I haven't even heard that word before.

Speaker B: It's honestly not a very commonly used word. It's kind of more. In the American South. It's like what, in tar nation? Yeah, it's kind of like saying, what the heck?

Speaker A: Oh,

Speaker B: okay. It means like just craziness.

Speaker A: Okay. Termination. So it's. The first one is lack, short A. And last one is schwa. The na one that is, Is that white short. A tarnation.

Speaker B: The n A.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: So if you listen, Tar nay. You can actually hear the A saying its name. Tar Nay.

Speaker A: Long, long vowel again. Okay. Tarnation. Okay, okay. And then walrush. Walrus.

Speaker B: What is walrus?

Speaker A: Walrus. Okay, so, well, I can say the first one is lack, charde, Last one ishwar, and then caramel, actually for.

Speaker B: For walrus. So let's go ahead and replace the first A with a schwa. So let's go ahead and start integrating the listening practice of replacing lack. Sure. A with schwa to kind of hear a difference. So walrus, Walrus, wal. W. So how would you say this with a schwa?

Speaker A: Well, it's after w. It's kind of difficult to pronounce walrus.

Speaker B: I would say it's more the l that makes it difficult. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. I don't think I can pronounce it. Sure.

Speaker B: What about tarnation?

Speaker A: Tarnation. Tarnation. That's what I'm doing. I'm pronouncing this schwa.

Speaker B: You're actually saying it. You're trying to do it as a schwa. But since R and L dislike schwa so much, it kind of already naturally pushes into the lacture a position. So what I think might be helpful is to practice lakshua or a before r and l specifically, since it's so difficult to confuse it with schwa in that position. And then kind of get a feel for it. Be like, okay, my tongue is going this high. This is where my mouth is. This is what it sounds like. And then factor into the words that you actually do switch around with schwa, like father and water and things like that and integrate. Okay, I know how to use it from the R L situation. Now. I can use that properly where it can turn into schwa,

Speaker A: right? Yeah.

Speaker B: All right, let's go ahead and go through the last couple words here.

Speaker A: Sure. So caramelize here, caramelize. So first one is definitely not a lack charity. It's probably white shorty. Caramelize. And then this one after R. Would you say the first one is white shorty because it's caramelized?

Speaker B: So I say caramelize.

Speaker A: Really?

Speaker B: Yes. I'm actually. I know caramel and caramel are switched around depending on where you are. I'm curious, have you heard, have you talked about caramel with native people, with locals? Okay. I would be curious if you go up and you go, hey, do you caramelize or caramelize your onion?

Speaker A: Caramelize.

Speaker B: I'm curious where it is because to my understanding, and I can be wrong about this, because regional things change all the time. Caramel is more kind of Southern in the U.S. okay, So for. For the sake of this, caramelize.

Speaker A: Caramelize hmm. Okay, so the first one is lack. Shorty. And then we have schwa. In mala is ma Lies. Right?

Speaker B: Yeah. Where would you. Where are you hearing the second one lies?

Speaker A: That one? No, that one's not really sure.

Speaker B: So if you say it Karma. And then the last one. Lie. I. It's a. The I is saying its own name. So how would you guess what that sound is? Lie.

Speaker A: That. That's a long. Holden.

Speaker B: Yeah. Which. Which long vowel.

Speaker A: I.

Speaker B: Yes. Long I. Wow.

Speaker A: Okay. Wow. I never did this before.

Speaker B: Let's go on to the next one.

Speaker A: Yes. Wasabi. Wasabi. The first one, of course, will be Lakshaday. I have to really. Anyway, Wasabi. Wasabi. And then the one after ace is schwa. Wasabi.

Speaker B: Switch it. So the first A you said is schwab.

Speaker A: No.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I said that one is lakshad Wa Sa. B. See the difference here too? This is helpful when they're together like one after another.

Speaker B: So.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: So the first one is schwa.

Speaker A: Yes. Really?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: No.

Speaker B: Yes. Instead of wasabi, it's wasabi. If it was a schwa, it would. If both of them were schwa, it would sound like wasabi.

Speaker A: Okay. Shorter.

Speaker B: So instead of wasabi, it's wasabi. And if it was both short A, it would be wa. Sabi. Yeah, that one I put there to trick people.

Speaker A: Okay, so the last one is carbohydrate. It's just something that you pronounce we say every day. Probably not every day, but very common. Carbohydrate.

Speaker B: So that's the enunciated version. So where do you think you would say that word with the schwa?

Speaker A: I think it's carb. Hydrate. Like carbohydrate.

Speaker B: Yeah, carbohydrate.

Speaker A: Carbohydrate. So it'll be B. Will have the schwa in it. And the first one is lack Shorty. Great hydrate. Great hydrate. Are you pronouncing as long A? No.

Speaker B: Yeah, hydrated.

Speaker A: I think I'll also confuse between long A and wide. Short A.

Speaker B: That's fair. Long A is also pretty tense.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: When we do go over long A, it might be helpful to kind of jot down. Oh, yeah. You want to compare this to the short sound. So it might be helpful to keep that in the back of your mind. When we do do go over long sounds. A lot of long sounds are confused with short sounds.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: All right. So this entire sheet actually has all the short sounds. So if this does come up again, like we're going to go over short e. Next time. So if short E has the same problem, short E and short I, I would say are very often confused with schwa. So you have this as a comparison practice. And I also sent you some recordings of me reading the minimal pairs and reading the multisyllable words as well, if you want to have those again.

Speaker A: Yes, I will. I'll take a look at those.

Speaker B: All right. Like I said, I would definitely suggest practicing with R and l because it's very difficult to confuse it with schwa in that position. R and L don't like schwa. So just listen to yourself. When it is with R and L, feel the position kind of be like, oh, the tip of my tongue is not touching my teeth anymore with the short A or whatever it is. And then kind of get your bearings and then move it into a more difficult position without R and L. We'll kind of check in on that next time before going into short E. But if you do have any questions in the meantime, you can go ahead and let me know.

Speaker A: Sure. Yeah.

Speaker B: All right. Awesome. I will also get over the dates and all that fun stuff, so if you have a minute, look over that. If not, we'll talk about it next time. And I will see you next week.

Speaker A: Sure. Yeah. And where are you traveling, by the way?

Speaker B: Well, the first week, my mom's actually coming over to Germany. And then she's like, you know what? While we're in Europe, may as well go see London. I'm like, okay, that's how it works, I guess. And then I was like, you know, while we're in the uk, we may as well go see Scotland. So it kind of snowballed a little bit.

Speaker A: Okay, I see.

Speaker B: Yeah. So we're going to be here in Munich for a minute, then London, then Edinburgh.

Speaker A: Okay. That's the entire two weeks plan.

Speaker B: That's the. That's the whole plan. And then after that, I'm going back to the US For a little while.

Speaker A: Oh, okay.

Speaker B: Yep. So I will keep you updated on if I go to the US If I get kidnapped by fey folk in the Scotland Highlands, how it goes.

Speaker A: Sure. All right. Well, all right. Same. Thank you so much for the class, and we'll talk again next week.

Speaker B: Of course. See ya.

Speaker A: Yeah, Bye.

