Transcript for: Recording__626.mp4
Title: Recording #626
============================================================

People often confuse this with schwa in unstressed syllables. So in a word like ben or bed or something like that, with this sound, the eh, eh, ben, ben, red, things like that, it's very easy to tell, oh, that isn't schwa. But in larger words where there's an unstressed syllable, sometimes people do get it confused. So if you do find yourself hearing this a little bit schwa, like, it might be helpful to go to the schwa versus all worksheet for this sound as well. It doesn't sound like schwa to me. It's so distinct. But yeah, I hear it now. I mean, these words, even simple word like I say bait, right? So read. That's how I say it. But then when I hear someone else speaking, I can hear the difference. Yeah, well, there are some words where it is a little interchangeable as well. For example, how do you say. I'll put it in the chat. How would you say this? Hold on, let me click it. Okay. Behave. Skype. How would you say this word? Okay, it's American. Say it one more time. American. So how are you pronouncing that? I? I'm pronouncing it as I, I think. American. Yeah, that's. That's a fine way. Most people say it with either a schwa. American. American. I hear that as a short E. American. Okay. Or as a short I. American. Okay. American. American. So you could see when it's not in a stressed syllable like bed, it can be maybe a little bit less distinct than schwa. If you meant bed, it's stressed. Yeah, in bed, sure. E is stressed. But in a word like American, American, that is with the short I. But people also say with the schwa. And honestly, most people can't tell short I, short e or schwa. They're interchangeable or they're confused in some words. So it's just good to keep an ear out for that. Okay. So, yeah, like I said, for most, most of the time, when it really counts, people don't switch them up sometimes. And it's just a long word. It can be hard to keep track once in a while. Any questions on that before we go over some examples? Well, I'll have to figure out how to pronounce it. I. I mean, although I know the position, I didn't try. So that's something you need to do. Yeah, I believe you will do that when you go to the examples. Okay, let's do that. Yeah. So here's the examples. I'm going to read the first two lines. You can either listen or try to see how far my jaw drops, however you want to kind of suss that out. It's also a good intro to which spelling creates this word as well. Okay, but before we read that, I want you to read the regional note for me. Oh. It's very common for this vowel sound to appear before are like in tear, care, and fair. Some American speakers use a tongue position that is slightly higher and closer to the roof of the mouth than for other instances of short e, making the vowel sound more tense, but still without movement. This is done primarily on the east coast in regions in and around New York City, Boston and Philadelphia, among others. Feel free to imitate the pronunciation patterns that are more common in your region. So you're pretty. Not like super close to New York, but that region. Yeah, I imagine there would be some influence. You're pretty close. Yeah, I'm quite close. Yeah. So I'm actually curious how much of this transferred over there. For example, as someone from Michigan, Detroit, ish area, just because no one knows where Romeo is, I hear kind of a mix. So sometimes I hear people who say that it like this. I would say I kind of lean towards changing it. When it's before an R, some people do not change it at all. It's kind of a mixed zone, kind of a chaos zone there. So I would be curious if we go over and you're able to hear the difference and then listen for it in the wild and whatever you see is the general consensus of your area is really what your goal would likely be. Yeah, it will probably be very mixed up here in any city like Toronto or New York. Yeah, but if I get to speak with natives, then I'll probably be able to hear something. Just go up to random people in your area and be like, can you read these words for me? No, they'll be. So they'll love it. All right, so basically, for that regional note, just keep an ear out for what I'm reading. If you hear a difference between. If I say like, says like with an actual E and hair. Like the E is slightly different when there's an R right after it. Okay, so egg says hair, metropolitan, elephant, bed scenario again. And I'll read the ones that have E so you. Or have R so you can get a general further idea. Scare, Sarah, care, tear, fair. And then compared to things like tent says bear, Paris, Sarah, stare, enthusiasm, event, things like that. So there is a slight difference there. Okay. That's why they pronounce Sarah like that. I mean, ha. Before I Used to pronounce Sarah anyway. Okay. But I. You know what? I will have trouble. First of all, I need to understand how to pronounce this e sound. I mean, with my tongue position. So it's kind. I don't know. Let's practice it in comparison to schwa first. How do you make the schwa sound? Draw it out a little bit for me. Okay. Schwa will be relaxed. Tongue position. It will be flat. And then probably. So instead of explaining, go ahead and make schwa. Yeah, that's instead of. Ah, it's okay. Yeah, a little. A little closer. With closer lips. Not closer lips. Jaw. Okay, I see that. Okay. Yeah. So with this one, you open your jaw just a tiny bit more. Okay. You put your tongue up in the middle a little bit. It's eh, eh, eh. Okay. And it's not gonna touch. It's actually. It's barely rising up. Yeah. It might go up a little bit more in a word, like hair care. Paris. Ones like that. But even then, it's maybe in the middle of your mouth regularly. It's going to be like just a little bump. Like just a tiny, tiny. The bare minimum to change the schwa into this sound. You don't want to go further than that, to be honest. Okay. Okay. All right. So what do you want me to do? Go ahead and read the rest of them. So I read egg says hair Metropolitan elephant bed scenario. Again. Finish them off for me. Okay. Event. No. Did I do it correctly? I don't think so. Keep reading them. You can't judge yourself on just the first one. If. And you have to keep going because even if you don't say them right, I need to listen for what the issue is. Event. Scare Sarah against enthusiasm. Stare Paris sell. Tear, tear, celery, tear celery bear. Hello. Excellent. Care tent Fair. So what I think I'm hearing is you're pronouncing it correctly. And the ones that are just spelled with E except for hello, kind of almost sounded like hallo, like you're speaking German for a moment. So ones like cell, tent, celery, ones like that. You set it the right way. So what I think would be helpful is hold on to go to the practice sheet. Let's see if there's some better examples there. Okay. Yeah. There. Yes. So. I don't like this new system they have. So go ahead and read a few of these where it has m or n. All of those are spelled with an e, so it might be easier for an embassy. Do you want me to read the sentences too. No, just the words. Embarrassing moment. Previous employer Busted engine. Friend or enemy. Enter high temperature contact lens Rental price. Fountain pane. All right, I'm going to come on computer. I'm going to go ahead and actually. Yeah, keep going for a minute. Going to try to find. So it sounded fine. It sounds a little like it needs to be polished up. When they start with the E, for example. Embarrassing and embarrassing. Go ahead and read the L. Okay. The first one. Element. Element of truth. Tennis elbow. Tennis elbow. Eligible. All right. I'm going to send you a website. The type that has to do with short E. Okay, I see that. So this talks about short E a little bit, but for the sake of reading, I want you to go ahead and scroll down to the list. Okay. The list. So there's just a short list right under the picture of the dinosaur. Actually, you could see there's a picture of a dinosaur with short E words. Yeah. So we're going to read with this dinosaur. Just because I personally feel as if this list is better put together than the current accent advisor list. So short E in CVC words that means consonant. Vowel, consonant. That means these are the short words that you're most familiar with. Short E like bed, fed, lead, red. Please read these for me. The usual way would be bid, feed, laid. Read. Pay attention to where your tongue is for this. Okay. The usual bid. Fade. Late. It's not arcing. I mean, the way I pronounce usually it's not arcing the tongue. It's not. So tell me what's happening with your tongue. Okay, let me try again. Bid B. It's kind of. I'll. I feel like I'm probably pushing it back a little bit with the tongue and it's not relaxed for sure. It's kind of tensed. Try to relax a little more. How much are you opening your jaw? Bed, bed fade. Not too much. Open it more. Try to relax your tongue and try reading them one more time. So like bed, you can actually very much dramatically open your jaw with this sound. Like you could go like bed, bed lead. Like you can open your jaw really dramatically at the sound. So careful not to keep it too close. That can tense up the sound. Okay. Okay. Bad fed, lead, red. Wait, wait. Big. So much stress on me. Sorry. Okay, so big league. It's just the normal way I pronounce. I feel pig. No, it's not. I don't think it's happening. It's actually. It is sounding better. Trust. Trust my native ears here. Okay. What I am hearing is. I think it's just maybe a little tensed up and it's also being confused a little bit between short eye. So what I'm going to do is our next class, I would like to go over. We are going to go over short I and then we're going to go over short I versus short E because it sounds like you're tensing it and mixing up with the short I a little bit as well. So we're going to skip over French en. We're going to go to short I. We're going to compare the two, and you're probably going to go, oh, no, that's what I'm doing with my tongue instead as homework. What I think would be helpful is one, practice dropping the jaw bed. Like, really learn how to drop the jaw. Try to relax the sound. Practice these. Mess around with the tongue position, all that. See where it ends up, but also try to figure out where your tongue is. So that way, when we go to comparing it to short eye, I could say, okay, where's your tongue when you make this sound? Where's your tug when you make short eye? Are they being mixed up in some way? So just practicing to explain, you know, where is the tip of your tongue? Where is it being arched? What it sounds like is probably being arched too far in the back or in the front. No, you are right in the back. In the back. Yeah, I see that. I feel that. So, yeah, the short has to be exactly in the middle. If it's too far in the back, it does become a short I. And then instead of bed, it sounds like bid pig gig, but it's kind of in between the back and the middle. So it sounds like a mix of both. And that's what we're going to sort out next time. Okay. Okay. I could actually. I will share sh with you in case you want to peek at it a little bit until next time. But we are going to really. Okay, I'll do that. Take some time. Okay. Yeah. Awesome. Any questions until then? Well, just one question is the only difference here is the tongue position is arching a little bit in the middle, but apart from that, the jaw is opening a bit more compared to Showa. That is the only difference between Showa and this. Right. Regarding the positions. Okay. Yes. Position wise. And you want to make sure that you're putting your tongue forward because the throat is also a little more open and relaxed. So it's not really that you're doing something different with your throat, it's just that the tongue position will also change what your throat is doing compared to with schwa. Okay. All right. That is all. Okay. Let me know if you have any questions. I'll see you on. You said the 15th. 18th. 18th. 18th. Okay. Yeah. Regular. See you then. Yeah. All right. Thank you so much. Have a good day. Yay. Too. Bye. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: People often confuse this with schwa in unstressed syllables. So in a word like ben or bed or something like that, with this sound, the eh, eh, ben, ben, red, things like that, it's very easy to tell, oh, that isn't schwa. But in larger words where there's an unstressed syllable, sometimes people do get it confused. So if you do find yourself hearing this a little bit schwa, like, it might be helpful to go to the schwa versus all worksheet for this sound as well.

Speaker B: It doesn't sound like schwa to me. It's so distinct. But yeah, I hear it now. I mean, these words, even simple word like I say bait, right? So read. That's how I say it. But then when I hear someone else speaking, I can hear the difference.

Speaker A: Yeah, well, there are some words where it is a little interchangeable as well. For example, how do you say. I'll put it in the chat. How would you say this? Hold on, let me click it. Okay. Behave. Skype. How would you say this word?

Speaker B: Okay, it's American.

Speaker A: Say it one more time.

Speaker B: American.

Speaker A: So how are you pronouncing that? I?

Speaker B: I'm pronouncing it as I, I think. American.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's. That's a fine way. Most people say it with either a schwa. American.

Speaker B: American.

Speaker A: I hear that as a short E. American.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Or as a short I. American. Okay. American. American. So you could see when it's not in a stressed syllable like bed, it can be maybe a little bit less distinct than schwa.

Speaker B: If you meant bed, it's stressed.

Speaker A: Yeah, in bed, sure. E is stressed. But in a word like American, American, that is with the short I. But people also say with the schwa. And honestly, most people can't tell short I, short e or schwa. They're interchangeable or they're confused in some words. So it's just good to keep an ear out for that. Okay. So, yeah, like I said, for most, most of the time, when it really counts, people don't switch them up sometimes. And it's just a long word. It can be hard to keep track once in a while. Any questions on that before we go over some examples?

Speaker B: Well, I'll have to figure out how to pronounce it. I. I mean, although I know the position, I didn't try. So that's something you need to do. Yeah, I believe you will do that when you go to the examples. Okay, let's do that.

Speaker A: Yeah. So here's the examples. I'm going to read the first two lines. You can either listen or try to see how far my jaw drops, however you want to kind of suss that out. It's also a good intro to which spelling creates this word as well. Okay, but before we read that, I want you to read the regional note for me.

Speaker B: Oh. It's very common for this vowel sound to appear before are like in tear, care, and fair. Some American speakers use a tongue position that is slightly higher and closer to the roof of the mouth than for other instances of short e, making the vowel sound more tense, but still without movement. This is done primarily on the east coast in regions in and around New York City, Boston and Philadelphia, among others. Feel free to imitate the pronunciation patterns that are more common in your region.

Speaker A: So you're pretty. Not like super close to New York, but that region. Yeah, I imagine there would be some influence. You're pretty close.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm quite close.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I'm actually curious how much of this transferred over there. For example, as someone from Michigan, Detroit, ish area, just because no one knows where Romeo is, I hear kind of a mix. So sometimes I hear people who say that it like this. I would say I kind of lean towards changing it. When it's before an R, some people do not change it at all. It's kind of a mixed zone, kind of a chaos zone there. So I would be curious if we go over and you're able to hear the difference and then listen for it in the wild and whatever you see is the general consensus of your area is really what your goal would likely be.

Speaker B: Yeah, it will probably be very mixed up here in any city like Toronto or New York. Yeah, but if I get to speak with natives, then I'll probably be able to hear something.

Speaker A: Just go up to random people in your area and be like, can you read these words for me?

Speaker B: No, they'll be.

Speaker A: So they'll love it. All right, so basically, for that regional note, just keep an ear out for what I'm reading. If you hear a difference between. If I say like, says like with an actual E and hair. Like the E is slightly different when there's an R right after it. Okay, so egg says hair, metropolitan, elephant, bed scenario again. And I'll read the ones that have E so you. Or have R so you can get a general further idea. Scare, Sarah, care, tear, fair. And then compared to things like tent says bear, Paris, Sarah, stare, enthusiasm, event, things like that. So there is a slight difference there.

Speaker B: Okay. That's why they pronounce Sarah like that. I mean, ha. Before I Used to pronounce Sarah anyway. Okay. But I. You know what? I will have trouble. First of all, I need to understand how to pronounce this e sound. I mean, with my tongue position. So it's kind. I don't know.

Speaker A: Let's practice it in comparison to schwa first. How do you make the schwa sound? Draw it out a little bit for me.

Speaker B: Okay. Schwa will be relaxed. Tongue position. It will be flat. And then probably.

Speaker A: So instead of explaining, go ahead and make schwa.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's instead of.

Speaker A: Ah, it's okay. Yeah, a little. A little closer.

Speaker B: With closer lips. Not closer lips. Jaw. Okay, I see that. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. So with this one, you open your jaw just a tiny bit more.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: You put your tongue up in the middle a little bit. It's eh, eh, eh.

Speaker B: Okay. And it's not gonna touch.

Speaker A: It's actually. It's barely rising up.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: It might go up a little bit more in a word, like hair care. Paris. Ones like that. But even then, it's maybe in the middle of your mouth regularly. It's going to be like just a little bump. Like just a tiny, tiny. The bare minimum to change the schwa into this sound. You don't want to go further than that, to be honest.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. All right. So what do you want me to do?

Speaker A: Go ahead and read the rest of them. So I read egg says hair Metropolitan elephant bed scenario. Again. Finish them off for me.

Speaker B: Okay. Event. No. Did I do it correctly? I don't think so.

Speaker A: Keep reading them. You can't judge yourself on just the first one. If. And you have to keep going because even if you don't say them right, I need to listen for what the issue is.

Speaker B: Event. Scare Sarah against enthusiasm. Stare Paris sell. Tear, tear, celery, tear celery bear. Hello. Excellent. Care tent Fair.

Speaker A: So what I think I'm hearing is you're pronouncing it correctly. And the ones that are just spelled with E except for hello, kind of almost sounded like hallo, like you're speaking German for a moment. So ones like cell, tent, celery, ones like that. You set it the right way. So what I think would be helpful is hold on to go to the practice sheet. Let's see if there's some better examples there.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. There.

Speaker A: Yes. So. I don't like this new system they have. So go ahead and read a few of these where it has m or n. All of those are spelled with an e, so it might be easier for an embassy.

Speaker B: Do you want me to read the sentences too.

Speaker A: No, just the words.

Speaker B: Embarrassing moment. Previous employer Busted engine. Friend or enemy. Enter high temperature contact lens Rental price. Fountain pane.

Speaker A: All right, I'm going to come on computer. I'm going to go ahead and actually. Yeah, keep going for a minute. Going to try to find. So it sounded fine. It sounds a little like it needs to be polished up. When they start with the E, for example. Embarrassing and embarrassing. Go ahead and read the L. Okay.

Speaker B: The first one. Element. Element of truth. Tennis elbow. Tennis elbow. Eligible.

Speaker A: All right. I'm going to send you a website. The type that has to do with

Speaker B: short E. Okay, I see that.

Speaker A: So this talks about short E a little bit, but for the sake of reading, I want you to go ahead and scroll down to the list.

Speaker B: Okay. The list.

Speaker A: So there's just a short list right under the picture of the dinosaur. Actually, you could see there's a picture of a dinosaur with short E words.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So we're going to read with this dinosaur. Just because I personally feel as if this list is better put together than the current accent advisor list. So short E in CVC words that means consonant. Vowel, consonant. That means these are the short words that you're most familiar with. Short E like bed, fed, lead, red. Please read these for me.

Speaker B: The usual way would be bid, feed, laid. Read.

Speaker A: Pay attention to where your tongue is for this.

Speaker B: Okay. The usual bid. Fade. Late. It's not arcing. I mean, the way I pronounce usually it's not arcing the tongue.

Speaker A: It's not. So tell me what's happening with your tongue.

Speaker B: Okay, let me try again. Bid B. It's kind of. I'll. I feel like I'm probably pushing it back a little bit with the tongue and it's not relaxed for sure. It's kind of tensed.

Speaker A: Try to relax a little more. How much are you opening your jaw?

Speaker B: Bed, bed fade. Not too much.

Speaker A: Open it more. Try to relax your tongue and try reading them one more time. So like bed, you can actually very much dramatically open your jaw with this sound. Like you could go like bed, bed lead. Like you can open your jaw really dramatically at the sound. So careful not to keep it too close. That can tense up the sound.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Bad fed, lead, red. Wait, wait. Big. So much stress on me. Sorry. Okay, so big league. It's just the normal way I pronounce. I feel pig. No, it's not. I don't think it's happening.

Speaker A: It's actually. It is sounding better. Trust. Trust my native ears here.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: What I am hearing is. I think it's just maybe a little tensed up and it's also being confused a little bit between short eye. So what I'm going to do is our next class, I would like to go over. We are going to go over short I and then we're going to go over short I versus short E because it sounds like you're tensing it and mixing up with the short I a little bit as well. So we're going to skip over French en. We're going to go to short I. We're going to compare the two, and you're probably going to go, oh, no, that's what I'm doing with my tongue instead as homework. What I think would be helpful is one, practice dropping the jaw bed. Like, really learn how to drop the jaw. Try to relax the sound. Practice these. Mess around with the tongue position, all that. See where it ends up, but also try to figure out where your tongue is. So that way, when we go to comparing it to short eye, I could say, okay, where's your tongue when you make this sound? Where's your tug when you make short eye? Are they being mixed up in some way? So just practicing to explain, you know, where is the tip of your tongue? Where is it being arched? What it sounds like is probably being arched too far in the back or in the front.

Speaker B: No, you are right in the back. In the back. Yeah, I see that. I feel that.

Speaker A: So, yeah, the short has to be exactly in the middle. If it's too far in the back, it does become a short I. And then instead of bed, it sounds like bid pig gig, but it's kind of in between the back and the middle. So it sounds like a mix of both. And that's what we're going to sort out next time.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. I could actually. I will share sh with you in case you want to peek at it a little bit until next time. But we are going to really.

Speaker B: Okay, I'll do that. Take some time. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Awesome. Any questions until then?

Speaker B: Well, just one question is the only difference here is the tongue position is arching a little bit in the middle, but apart from that, the jaw is opening a bit more compared to Showa. That is the only difference between Showa and this. Right. Regarding the positions. Okay.

Speaker A: Yes. Position wise. And you want to make sure that you're putting your tongue forward because the throat is also a little more open and relaxed. So it's not really that you're doing something different with your throat, it's just that the tongue position will also change what your throat is doing compared to with schwa.

Speaker B: Okay. All right. That is all.

Speaker A: Okay. Let me know if you have any questions. I'll see you on. You said the 15th.

Speaker B: 18th. 18th.

Speaker A: 18th. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker B: Regular.

Speaker A: See you then.

Speaker B: Yeah. All right. Thank you so much.

Speaker A: Have a good day.

Speaker B: Yay.

Speaker A: Too.

Speaker B: Bye.

Speaker A: Bye.

