Transcript for: Recording__16 (2).mp4
Title: Recording #162
============================================================

One of the reasons why you wanted to connect is just to kind of understand clarification of like, what are we transitioning, what the timeline is. So from my understanding, you guys have talked about transitioning Amazon Daily orders, the upload to Ottawa, access to each of the, I guess, warehouses, and kind of looking at inventory management. So is there anything on that front that you guys have questions on, on those two things? No. So I think the only thing is we were kind of discussing this. Who's making the FBA orders in Amazon? Because right now Alexis is inputting them in Amazon and also in our system. Is that something that she's going to continue to do or is that something that is like, this team would now handle, like, so Alexis would continue to enter them in our system just because she knows our like, like the GP system, but in Amazon, Is that something she'll still do, like create them in Amazon or will they create them and send them to her? Like, I just don't know what the best process is for that. But. But Valerie had brought it up, so I was just curious. I think for now we probably still leave it, but I think, I mean, I don't know. What would you recommend if it's more efficient for Alexis to do it all at once? I would say let's keep that part as is because she's going to have access to GP anyway. So I would recommend that we go with that. Unless you think otherwise. No, I think for now it works just because I know Alexis has to go back and forth between different people and see what's available. Because not always the plan we're sent is what we can ship. So I think if they were already making it in advance and then Alexis checked and said no, then they have to change it. Like it just. Yeah. So I agree. I think probably the best way. I don't know if maybe like, if it helps if Alexis would send like a final report of what's shipping just for like inventory purposes or if that helps at all with tracking. It does. So I think about everything that we ship, we should send Bilary, like an actual email to say, hey, this is shipping. So she has awareness that it's on its way because there were times when we shipped something and we're either short or it gets lost or doesn't get received. So I think that the way that I kind of envisioned, you know, this Ops rule is like our central point of contact for any flow of product, movement of product to our warehouses or to customers. So, like, any issue that pops up, like, she could Be like, hey, like, this did not get picked up, like. Or this did not arrive. Or we're short 50 boxes. So ultimately, like, you know, that would go to Sean to kind of figure that part out. But I think if it is, like, figuring out our internal inventory, like, do we have enough? Do we not? Like, that's our internal thing with Sean with a gp with all of that stuff. So I would keep that with us. But ultimately we need, like, a central, like, point of information for, like, all online orders. Okay, sounds good. I will let Alexis know then. Just, like, when she makes the fba. FBA orders, even just to send, like, back the Excel that Shannon creates, like, with, like, what actually shipped the quantities or, like, what we sent to the warehouse to ship. Yeah. And just keep that updated. And then I think the only other kind of question that we had was when going through inventory altogether, I realized Valerie's going to be doing it by herself now. Now. And so we kind of always just, like, talk back and forth. Like, Alexis will be like, oh, I'm short on this for Costco. I was like, well, we're doing this for Amazon. Like, I think we talked about this a bit earlier, but, like, just the allocation of who should be getting the most inventory. When we're short, what do we do? I know it's a lot of times, like, a per case basis, and some items we don't sell on Costco or Amazon. So it's kind of like, I guess, a. A rough idea of how we. How Valerie should handle it going forward. Because I feel like we were kind of all over the place and telling her, and she was just watching us, like, shoot back and forth, like, well, I'll take 30. You can have 50. So it's a negotiation. Yeah. So I think it's a. Honestly, it's a bit of a dance that we do because Costco's are like, high touch account. So the second we're out of stock, they email us and they say, hey, you're out of stock. And then if we're out of stock for longer than, like, a week or two, they deactivate their product, they take it off, and then we have to fight them to put it back on. So that costs us like a month at least or two of sales. If they even want to reactivate it. Like, it's like begging them to put it back on. So I would say, like, in those cases where we have, like, very low inventory, I would say we should deactivate it on Amazon first, Shopify second, and then Costco third. So, like, Costco is like number one priority of keeping inventory in stock. And then I would say Shopify second, because our margins on Shopify are healthier than they are on Amazon. Amazon is our most expensive account. Margins are the smallest. We lose money on Amazon most months. And so I would say. But it's also the one that generates the most revenue. So it's kind of, again, a little bit of a dance that we have to do. But I think that Costco should always have the number one inventory buffer. The one thing that I would say, I saw Alexis for the first time I've actually seen her do this. She sent a report, I think today or an email today saying, hey, we're low on these five SKUs, which, yay, Alexis, we finally got it. But that's the kind of stuff that I would expect on an ongoing basis, I guess, from you. Bilary, like to say, like, hey, like, this is, you know, we're low on these items. When are we shipping? Do we have any more? Or hey, these items are expiring or close to expiry. Like, they're like three months or four months or five months from their expiry date. Do we have any more? Like, are we putting these on sale? Like, the expiry dates also, like, guide our sale price and how quickly we have to liquidate it. So again, it's just something that I would love for you to kind of track going forward to be like, oh, no, we don't have enough, or, no, this is like, we have too much and we're not going to be able to sell through. So that's the piece that I really, like, desperately need help on. At that time, we were doing together the Costco thing in the morning, so she sent them email in front of me. Oh, good. Excellent. Love that. And so, like, I also don't want you to feel like you don't have our support. So, like, I know we're saying, like, it's yours, but, like, we understand this is like a learning period and a transition period. So, like, don't be afraid to, like, ask us questions, like any of us, like, just shoot us a message and be like, hey, do you have like, five minutes? And it's just need, like, for you to see if I did this right or if I have questions or whatever, like, ping us anytime. And. And we'd love to be able to help you because we are appreciative of you being able to take some of that on because we've been trying to, like, do it in the meantime, but it just obviously don't. We don't have the. The enough time to handle it ourselves. So it would be great to. You take it on until now. Everybody is so supportive, so thank you for that. Excellent. And then I just had some, like, actual questions about inventory on Amazon. So are we switching to ice packs on Canada? Because we're out of stock of like, I think two weeks ago now. You guys had to keep like a lot of the products out of stock until we were going to do ice packs this week. But I don't think we've received the cool shield yet. So are we just still staying out of stock on them or. Yeah, so I think Sean has not turned it on with Tech Dynamics yet. He said he will by the end of this week. So I, I remember you sent him an email asking him, like, are the ice packs on and. And about a shipment on a few items. If you could just hit him up again, would that. Yeah, he replied about the shipment. There was a shipment to Ottawa that I think you were saying was arriving today. It. Because Sean was saying it should have already delivered. So he cc'd me on an email to Sasha and Sasha was saying, let's all look into it, which I guess delivered today, so those should all be fine. I think they were all in the shipment. So I just didn't hear back on the ice packs. But if you're saying by end of this week or end of next week. End of this week. Because I talked to him yesterday. He's like, oh, it's going to be a day or two on Tech Dynamics. I just have to tell them he already has, like all the ice packs ready to go, so. Okay. Because we'll have to update the FBM sheet that we use. I think I kind of went over it a bit with Valerie about the how to turn the ice packs on. On the order upload for Ottawa, but. Okay, I will follow up with Sean then. Just double check because, yeah, I know we were keeping a lot of the items out of stock in Canada and so I want to make sure that we still were keeping them out of stock. And then I think. Was it pretzels in Canada? Oh, it was. Okay, so the apple cider vinegar. I don't know. I don't know if this is a question for you or maybe it's show him, but have they been like, d, like unlinked? I know the US And Canada were accidentally linked. Okay, I'll email him. Because I. They're both out of stock because they were linked. Yeah, they're separate. Now, because we created one more listing in Canada for separating it. Okay, can you let me know which one to add inventory to then or. Because I have. Okay, okay, cool. Or yeah, you can add inventory. Whatever works. But yeah, just so I know we're keeping them out of stock because they were like accidentally linked and we didn't have them at Ottawa yet or something. I don't know if we do now. I think Alexis was saying we didn't yet that Sean emailed you about saying that it arrived yesterday or today. Have we looked at like that in like. Has it arrived in Ottawa? I haven't checked. Okay. Have you seen Larry? No, I haven't checked. Okay, so let's check that today, if you don't mind. See, like, if there's anything that arrived that we're out of stock on and then just add that back in because I want it for the weekend, especially if we have the product in the warehouse. So it'd be great to have that updated. And just so I know you're in Vancouver, right? Okay. Like a few hours ahead or behind? Right now it's 45 behind. Yeah, perfect. So it's still like your afternoon, so you still have a few hours in your day to work. Okay, perfect. So, yes, if you don't mind, just take a look at our inventory in Ottawa and then anything that we're low on, just bump it up so that we have enough inventory throughout the week. Perfect. Any questions, let me know. I can help you with it. Perfect. And then one other thing. We had the. A huge shipment of variety pack bars that Sean was doing of like 16,000 bars in Canada in US has that arrived yet or no? Yes, it did. Yes to both. All at one location, though. Okay. Because I think that California was the one that did not arrive, right? California, yeah. It only has like 60 units in stock. And then Indianapolis has like 13,000 or something. Okay. So I think from what I recall, they said it's going to arrive to California by Wednesday next week. And I don't want to mark it down too much before that because we only have 60 units in California and then they'll have to like, do split orders. If we sell through that, do we know what our sell through is at current price from California? Like, are we able to see that level of detail? I have to play around the green rabbit portal to see if I can pull that or not. Okay. I'm just wondering, like, do we discount the product now that we have like 10,000 Indianapolis and just like, hope that, like most of them, the order I can try looking in Green Rabbit, see if I can see like where they were fulfilled from, from the past bit. Okay, I'll let you know. Okay, so even if we lower the price by a dollar or two, it'll help kind of the sell through. And then when it arrives next Wednesday, then we could do like an email, a blast on SMS social because we have to clear through those units like really quickly because they expire in October so we might have to give them away for free at some point. Yeah. Okay. Did you have any other questions on your list? I have one question. That was all I had. I have one question. But it's not recording the inventory though, so. So it was the report that you sent me, the Ottawa transaction report that I was working on and you told me to make a note for that. So I was like, kind of skeptical because I could not find that many like, problems there because they almost, they were almost similar, identical. So I was like, I was confused. Like, am I doing wrong something? Or like, how do they do that? Like, oh, it's good. If there's nothing that stands out to you. If all the charges for the box and the fulfillment and the shipping makes sense, if nothing is an outlier, then that's a good thing. I haven't had a chance to review it myself, but yes, the one thing I did notice is that every time we ship to like British Columbia or Alberta, which is pretty often our shipping costs are like 25 to $30, which is a lot, which is why our margins are so crappy, because we're shipping from Ottawa. So for me, as you know, as a somebody who like runs this division, I'm like, we should have a warehouse in the western part of Canada that we should be paying like 10 to $15 a shipment the way that we do for the eastern Canada. So like, that's an insight for me and those are kind of suggestions that I would like, say I, I'd want you to develop over time to be like, this is how I think you could save money versus like what we're currently doing. Yeah, got it. Let me know if you have any kind of like system because this is my first time doing this kind of audit. So that's why I'm not very familiar with the pattern. So that's why like I'm asking, like, what should I look at exactly? Like, what is your thought? Yeah, that's exactly it. You just go through like each column to be like, does anything jump out at you? Like, if anything is too high, then be like, why is it too high. And so when I looked at like why am I paying $30 a shipment for this order? Then I looked where it's going and I'm like, oh, it's in bc. Why am I paying this much? Oh, it's because it has six items in the box so it needs a bigger box. So that's the kind of information that like kind of I look for outliers first to be like why is this different than the other ones that it's really looking for patterns. Okay, got it. Then I'm doing the right one. Thank you. No problem. Thank you. Awesome. Good. Well, I think that if you do have any questions as you're looking to update that Ottawa inventory, then definitely let let us know. And yeah, thank you for becoming part of our team. I guess. Thank you for the chat. Of course. Of course. Thank you both and have a good rest of the weekend then. You too. Take care.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: One of the reasons why you wanted to connect is just to kind of understand clarification of like, what are we transitioning, what the timeline is. So from my understanding, you guys have talked about transitioning Amazon Daily orders, the upload to Ottawa, access to each of the, I guess, warehouses, and kind of looking at inventory management. So is there anything on that front that you guys have questions on, on those two things?

Speaker B: No. So I think the only thing is we were kind of discussing this. Who's making the FBA orders in Amazon? Because right now Alexis is inputting them in Amazon and also in our system. Is that something that she's going to continue to do or is that something that is like, this team would now handle, like, so Alexis would continue to enter them in our system just because she knows our like, like the GP system, but in Amazon, Is that something she'll still do, like create them in Amazon or will they create them and send them to her? Like, I just don't know what the best process is for that. But. But Valerie had brought it up, so I was just curious. I think for now we probably still leave it, but

Speaker A: I think, I mean, I don't know. What would you recommend if it's more efficient for Alexis to do it all at once? I would say let's keep that part as is because she's going to have access to GP anyway. So I would recommend that we go with that. Unless you think otherwise.

Speaker B: No, I think for now it works just because I know Alexis has to go back and forth between different people and see what's available. Because not always the plan we're sent is what we can ship. So I think if they were already making it in advance and then Alexis checked and said no, then they have to change it. Like it just. Yeah. So I agree. I think probably the best way. I don't know if maybe like, if it helps if Alexis would send like a final report of what's shipping just for like inventory purposes or if that helps at all with tracking.

Speaker A: It does. So I think about everything that we ship, we should send Bilary, like an actual email to say, hey, this is shipping. So she has awareness that it's on its way because there were times when we shipped something and we're either short or it gets lost or doesn't get received. So I think that the way that I kind of envisioned, you know, this Ops rule is like our central point of contact for any flow of product, movement of product to our warehouses or to customers. So, like, any issue that pops up, like, she could Be like, hey, like, this did not get picked up, like. Or this did not arrive. Or we're short 50 boxes. So ultimately, like, you know, that would go to Sean to kind of figure that part out. But I think if it is, like, figuring out our internal inventory, like, do we have enough? Do we not? Like, that's our internal thing with Sean with a gp with all of that stuff. So I would keep that with us. But ultimately we need, like, a central, like, point of information for, like, all online orders.

Speaker B: Okay, sounds good. I will let Alexis know then. Just, like, when she makes the fba. FBA orders, even just to send, like, back the Excel that Shannon creates, like, with, like, what actually shipped the quantities or, like, what we sent to the warehouse to ship.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And just keep that updated. And then I think the only other kind of question that we had was when going through inventory altogether, I realized Valerie's going to be doing it by herself now. Now. And so we kind of always just, like, talk back and forth. Like, Alexis will be like, oh, I'm short on this for Costco. I was like, well, we're doing this for Amazon. Like, I think we talked about this a bit earlier, but, like, just the allocation of who should be getting the most inventory. When we're short, what do we do? I know it's a lot of times, like, a per case basis, and some items we don't sell on Costco or Amazon. So it's kind of like, I guess, a. A rough idea of how we. How Valerie should handle it going forward. Because I feel like we were kind of all over the place and telling her, and she was just watching us, like, shoot back and forth, like, well, I'll take 30. You can have 50.

Speaker A: So it's a negotiation.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So I think it's a. Honestly, it's a bit of a dance that we do because Costco's are like, high touch account. So the second we're out of stock, they email us and they say, hey, you're out of stock. And then if we're out of stock for longer than, like, a week or two, they deactivate their product, they take it off, and then we have to fight them to put it back on. So that costs us like a month at least or two of sales. If they even want to reactivate it. Like, it's like begging them to put it back on. So I would say, like, in those cases where we have, like, very low inventory, I would say we should deactivate it on Amazon first, Shopify second, and then Costco third. So, like, Costco is like number one priority of keeping inventory in stock. And then I would say Shopify second, because our margins on Shopify are healthier than they are on Amazon. Amazon is our most expensive account. Margins are the smallest. We lose money on Amazon most months. And so I would say. But it's also the one that generates the most revenue. So it's kind of, again, a little bit of a dance that we have to do. But I think that Costco should always have the number one inventory buffer. The one thing that I would say, I saw Alexis for the first time I've actually seen her do this. She sent a report, I think today or an email today saying, hey, we're low on these five SKUs, which, yay, Alexis, we finally got it. But that's the kind of stuff that I would expect on an ongoing basis, I guess, from you. Bilary, like to say, like, hey, like, this is, you know, we're low on these items. When are we shipping? Do we have any more? Or hey, these items are expiring or close to expiry. Like, they're like three months or four months or five months from their expiry date. Do we have any more? Like, are we putting these on sale? Like, the expiry dates also, like, guide our sale price and how quickly we have to liquidate it. So again, it's just something that I would love for you to kind of track going forward to be like, oh, no, we don't have enough, or, no, this is like, we have too much and we're not going to be able to sell through. So that's the piece that I really, like, desperately need help on.

Speaker C: At that time, we were doing together the Costco thing in the morning, so she sent them email in front of me.

Speaker A: Oh, good. Excellent. Love that. And so, like, I also don't want you to feel like you don't have our support. So, like, I know we're saying, like, it's yours, but, like, we understand this is like a learning period and a transition period. So, like, don't be afraid to, like, ask us questions, like any of us, like, just shoot us a message and be like, hey, do you have like, five minutes? And it's just need, like, for you to see if I did this right or if I have questions or whatever, like, ping us anytime. And. And we'd love to be able to help you because we are appreciative of you being able to take some of that on because we've been trying to, like, do it in the meantime, but it just obviously don't. We don't have the. The enough time to handle it ourselves. So it would be great to.

Speaker C: You take it on until now. Everybody is so supportive, so thank you for that.

Speaker A: Excellent.

Speaker B: And then I just had some, like, actual questions about inventory on Amazon. So are we switching to ice packs on Canada? Because we're out of stock of like, I think two weeks ago now. You guys had to keep like a lot of the products out of stock until we were going to do ice packs this week. But I don't think we've received the cool shield yet. So are we just still staying out of stock on them or.

Speaker A: Yeah, so I think Sean has not turned it on with Tech Dynamics yet. He said he will by the end of this week. So I, I remember you sent him an email asking him, like, are the ice packs on and. And about a shipment on a few items. If you could just hit him up again, would that.

Speaker B: Yeah, he replied about the shipment. There was a shipment to Ottawa that I think you were saying was arriving today. It. Because Sean was saying it should have already delivered. So he cc'd me on an email to Sasha and Sasha was saying, let's all look into it, which I guess delivered today, so those should all be fine. I think they were all in the shipment. So I just didn't hear back on the ice packs. But if you're saying by end of this week or end of next week.

Speaker A: End of this week. Because I talked to him yesterday. He's like, oh, it's going to be a day or two on Tech Dynamics. I just have to tell them he already has, like all the ice packs ready to go, so.

Speaker B: Okay. Because we'll have to update the FBM sheet that we use. I think I kind of went over it a bit with Valerie about the how to turn the ice packs on. On the order upload for Ottawa, but. Okay, I will follow up with Sean then. Just double check because, yeah, I know we were keeping a lot of the items out of stock in Canada and so I want to make sure that we still were keeping them out of stock. And then I think. Was it pretzels in Canada? Oh, it was. Okay, so the apple cider vinegar. I don't know. I don't know if this is a question for you or maybe it's show him, but have they been like, d, like unlinked? I know the US And Canada were accidentally linked. Okay, I'll email him. Because I. They're both out of stock because they were linked. Yeah, they're separate.

Speaker C: Now, because we created one more listing in Canada for separating it.

Speaker B: Okay, can you let me know which one to add inventory to then or.

Speaker C: Because I have.

Speaker B: Okay, okay, cool. Or yeah, you can add inventory. Whatever works. But yeah, just so I know we're keeping them out of stock because they were like accidentally linked and we didn't have them at Ottawa yet or something. I don't know if we do now. I think Alexis was saying we didn't

Speaker A: yet that Sean emailed you about saying that it arrived yesterday or today. Have we looked at like that in like. Has it arrived in Ottawa?

Speaker B: I haven't checked.

Speaker A: Okay. Have you seen Larry?

Speaker C: No, I haven't checked.

Speaker A: Okay, so let's check that today, if you don't mind. See, like, if there's anything that arrived that we're out of stock on and then just add that back in because I want it for the weekend, especially if we have the product in the warehouse. So it'd be great to have that updated. And just so I know you're in Vancouver, right? Okay. Like a few hours ahead or behind?

Speaker C: Right now it's 45 behind.

Speaker A: Yeah, perfect. So it's still like your afternoon, so you still have a few hours in your day to work. Okay, perfect. So, yes, if you don't mind, just take a look at our inventory in Ottawa and then anything that we're low on, just bump it up so that we have enough inventory throughout the week. Perfect.

Speaker B: Any questions, let me know. I can help you with it.

Speaker A: Perfect. And then one other thing. We had the. A huge shipment of variety pack bars that Sean was doing of like 16,000 bars in Canada in US has that arrived yet or no? Yes, it did.

Speaker B: Yes to both. All at one location, though.

Speaker A: Okay. Because I think that California was the one that did not arrive, right?

Speaker B: California, yeah. It only has like 60 units in stock. And then Indianapolis has like 13,000 or something.

Speaker A: Okay. So I think from what I recall, they said it's going to arrive to California by Wednesday next week. And I don't want to mark it down too much before that because we only have 60 units in California and then they'll have to like, do split orders. If we sell through that, do we know what our sell through is at current price from California? Like, are we able to see that level of detail?

Speaker B: I have to play around the green rabbit portal to see if I can pull that or not.

Speaker A: Okay. I'm just wondering, like, do we discount the product now that we have like 10,000 Indianapolis and just like, hope that, like most of them, the order I

Speaker B: can try looking in Green Rabbit, see if I can see like where they were fulfilled from, from the past bit. Okay, I'll let you know.

Speaker A: Okay, so even if we lower the price by a dollar or two, it'll help kind of the sell through. And then when it arrives next Wednesday, then we could do like an email, a blast on SMS social because we have to clear through those units like really quickly because they expire in October so we might have to give them away for free at some point. Yeah. Okay. Did you have any other questions on your list?

Speaker C: I have one question.

Speaker B: That was all I had.

Speaker C: I have one question. But it's not recording the inventory though, so. So it was the report that you sent me, the Ottawa transaction report that I was working on and you told me to make a note for that. So I was like, kind of skeptical because I could not find that many like, problems there because they almost, they were almost similar, identical. So I was like, I was confused. Like, am I doing wrong something? Or like, how do they do that? Like, oh, it's good.

Speaker A: If there's nothing that stands out to you. If all the charges for the box and the fulfillment and the shipping makes sense, if nothing is an outlier, then that's a good thing. I haven't had a chance to review it myself, but yes, the one thing I did notice is that every time we ship to like British Columbia or Alberta, which is pretty often our shipping costs are like 25 to $30, which is a lot, which is why our margins are so crappy, because we're shipping from Ottawa. So for me, as you know, as a somebody who like runs this division, I'm like, we should have a warehouse in the western part of Canada that we should be paying like 10 to $15 a shipment the way that we do for the eastern Canada. So like, that's an insight for me and those are kind of suggestions that I would like, say I, I'd want you to develop over time to be like, this is how I think you could save money versus like what we're currently doing.

Speaker C: Yeah, got it. Let me know if you have any kind of like system because this is my first time doing this kind of audit. So that's why I'm not very familiar with the pattern. So that's why like I'm asking, like, what should I look at exactly? Like, what is your thought?

Speaker A: Yeah, that's exactly it. You just go through like each column to be like, does anything jump out at you? Like, if anything is too high, then be like, why is it too high. And so when I looked at like why am I paying $30 a shipment for this order? Then I looked where it's going and I'm like, oh, it's in bc. Why am I paying this much? Oh, it's because it has six items in the box so it needs a bigger box. So that's the kind of information that like kind of I look for outliers first to be like why is this different than the other ones that it's really looking for patterns.

Speaker C: Okay, got it. Then I'm doing the right one. Thank you.

Speaker A: No problem. Thank you. Awesome. Good. Well, I think that if you do have any questions as you're looking to update that Ottawa inventory, then definitely let let us know. And yeah, thank you for becoming part of our team. I guess.

Speaker C: Thank you for the chat.

Speaker A: Of course. Of course. Thank you both and have a good rest of the weekend then.

Speaker B: You too. Take care.

