Transcript for: Recording__929.mp4
Title: Recording #929
============================================================

Better Chocolate. I just kind of finished phase one of restructuring, and then I'm just trying to close a little bit of funding for my new company because I had to. I got. I had legal issues with Better Chocolate, so I had like, I'm in kind of a transition of sorting out some legal issues, restructuring, and then launching three SKUs. So it's a little bit busy. It's not like the super kind of kind of, you know, like it's launching SKUs. So it's the basics. It's not like super strategic stuff. Like it's like, you know, sales sheets and artwork and regulatory and crap. So it's not the funnest part of my life, but it's part of when you're a founder and you don't have, you know, a bunch of people on the team, you just got to do what you got to do. So that's what I'm doing. Well, it looks like you're excited about all these things. You're having fun. I'm trying to be. Okay, so. But I want to help you. I think. Give me one second because I think I only have 45 minutes and I'm not going to shortchange you on the hour, so don't worry about that. I still owe you half an hour from the first $500. But I'm pretty sure I have like, my schedule changed like four times today. And then I'm pretty sure I have a hard stop at one sec. Today. Yeah, so I have a hard stop at one. So like let's do 40 minutes and we can regroup tomorrow and Thursday. So first of all, the founders group is looking for Amazon experts. So I'm positioning you as you know, your name is cpg as a CPG expert and that you're used to working with larger accounts, but you've worked with some accounts that I know and you're open to working with some smaller accounts if there's potential. So that's how I'm just going to drop that comment there. There's a couple of other guys. Let me just. Here, can you let me share my screen? I'll just show you a few things. Okay. Yeah, you can share your screen now. So I'm just going to show you. And then the second thing is I want to do Amazon so you can see my screen, right? Yes. Okay. So second thing is I'm going to do like a masterclass next week. So I just want to show you. This is one of your competitors. Okay. So Anu, Pama Palmer. He's worked with this company here, Deepak Patel. So I'm just going to send you that in our Zoom so you have it handy wherever our Zoom is here. Oh where are we chat here. So he's just as an example like he's a competitor again. I had hired two small guys back two years ago and you know they were like, they were like, they're, it's really hard. You go to fee fiber and you kind of pick someone and then you don't know how good they are. Like they all charge you, you know what, whatever it is, 500, a thousand per skew to up but you don't even know if they're good because then they charge you more for every month and then you don't really know how good they are until you've spent like $5,000, right. So that's like a real pain point. But this one person said, you know I'm had good success with this guy. Then these other people are saying, you know because this US U S founder noticed, so a Canadian founder noticed that the U S founder is being resold in Canada at $111 instead of like $30. So this US founder did not know about the resellers. So my founders group is just explaining the basics, right? They didn't know about the resellers but every, everyone wants, everyone wants help on Amazon. So Anu here, basically his person Deepak tripled Amazon sales to double digit thousands in six months. Okay so check out who and then Anu Parma. Parma, I don't even remember who that is. So let's go here. But that's what you want right? Like you want to be like Anu Parma Parma. So Anu is, I don't know how big her brand is. So let's see. So she's, her brand is Bali Tibala, whatever that is. I don't even remember. She's plant based. And yeah, so he's basically been able to take her plant based brand and triple it. So that's what you want, right? Like you want a reputation that you're going to get word of mouth. So I'm going to put your name and your description here, here. There's other people like Annu knows a little bit, right? She's like don't you know, do the brand registry and you know you need the cease and desist letter. Then she's asking about Amazon transparency. So she probably just talked to her guy and said what should I say to this US Founder who's you know getting like it's, it's all the Resellers, like, look at fats, like a dozen resellers. My Amazon guy in Spain, Wayne, Matt Kips. Like at one point, like, it's, it's like, it's a game of keep, keep finding these guys and, and sending them letters. So like at one point, like he was sending letters five a week to kind of as when your brand gets popular. So I don't think there was anything else. So I'm thinking next Wednesday, like at 4 or 5pm I want to do a masterclass. But I wanted to know. Yeah, 4 or 5pm if you'd be available. Next question. Yeah, so what I would do is we'd invite you, we'd maybe invite this pet tag. We'd invite William. So we'd invite two, maybe three experts to present. So I can help you with your PowerPoint. Just show me where you are with your PowerPoint. But we might have anywhere from five to 30 founders on the call. Okay. And you would get to present to them. Then I would do like a pitch on LinkedIn also and say, you know, we had three guests. So you'll get awareness either way. Right. Like, you'll be like presenting at a masterclass. I'll link you in. There may be smaller players, but still the bigger players read the LinkedIn too. So, like, you know, I think that kind of makes sense. But I need to look at your pitch deck. So let's like, where is your latest pitch deck? And let's work on that together. Well, you know what, I didn't do much on the pitch deck because you sent me an example of example pitch deck, first of all. And then you also sent me an example of a DM that someone sent you. So I wanted to understand what you liked about them and also how I can implement the positioning in the pitch deck. Okay. Okay. So let's do this. Do you remember? So we need to pull up. So you pull up your positioning. Let me show you the. Let me show you the pitch deck. So you were able to access it, right? I wasn't able to download it. So you're able to access the pitch deck, right? Yes. So let's just look at it quickly. So brand Works, I think it was. What do you remember the company is it Brand Works? I'll send you the link right now. Oh, okay. Okay. Chat here. I have sent it to you. Okay. In chat. Right. Okay, perfect. So let's just walk through that and then let's use your brand positioning and like, let me send the brand positioning to you again because I think you do it's faster when you do it. Yeah, yeah, perfect. Okay. So he sent it on Canva. Like when he called, he got a meeting with me, and I don't even know why, because I don't give meetings to anybody. And I basically said. He said, you know, he doesn't do pitch decks. And I'm like, well, you're not talking to me, right? Like, if you don't do pitch decks, like, you don't. You're not, you know, you're not gonna. Like. So he did this. What the heck is this? It here. Results. Yeah, that's. Yeah, the results and the services. Okay, so it's this deck here. Right. So the first page. But where's the first page? You have to click on the left here. Wait, excuse. The screen is hiding once. Ah, okay. Okay, so result. Okay. Okay, where's. Wait, there was like eight pages. What the heck? You have to click on. Click to the left. Yeah, keep on clicking on the left. On the left side. Bring your cursor to the left. Yeah, I don't see the. Restart. Click on restart. Yeah, that look better. Okay, restart. Okay. Yeah, there you go. Okay, so. So you're, you know, you have your cover page, so let me move this thing out of the way. Okay, Cover page. About us. You know, this is like, okay, we're founded in 2020. Again, like, we chatted. That's kind of an RTB. That's lower. Like, the whole idea is with it, the selfish consumer audience. What's in it for them? So it's not about you. Oh, we're founded in 2020. Like, who cares? That's like four years ago. Like, why. Why do we care about that? So we'll go to your brand positioning in a second. But it's like, that's a reason to believe. What you want to be leading with is how can you help remove the pain points of your clients. So this is very weak. Okay, we focus on early stage. Okay, great, that's good. So now the reader says, okay, well, I'm an early stage Shopify brand, so that's good. The fact that they've only been doing this four years, we don't care. Oh, we have experts, full service. Okay, blah, blah, blah. Okay, where the North Carolina. Okay, well, all right. So far I didn't learn too much. This is the team, so. All right, so it's Dan who reached out. Okay, well, great. So there's three people on the team. Grow, convert, maximize. So, you know, this is starting. You kind of have to have a little bit of similar stuff. Right, but like convert leads to grow. Right? Like, like it's kind of like, I don't know if these are the three buckets, but this is a little bit of the process. But essentially you want to say that you're full service and you want to say like that you will get results. And how will you get results? So here he's kind of mixed both of them up. Now he's saying, hey, you know, like it's all like, it's a mix up. Oh, we'll take your money and do paid ads. You'll get an account person, we'll will send out emails. Oh, right, right. This is Shopify. Right? That's true. We'll do content. You know, basically they do everything like Chat GPT just wrote this, you know. But that's like what, like then, okay, we're going to convert. It's just a bunch of deliverables. That's like, it's just Chat GPT stuff. And then the examples are just ads. Okay, so this is necessary. Okay, so this is good. Right? Like, so here you have in one year they went from zero. They pretty much launched in October and Now they're at 5,000 per week, 20,000 per month. So that's not bad day. They launch and they got to 20,000 per month in Shopify. That's not bad here. I don't even know how to read this because all you look at is, you know, December, they tanked. So I don't know where they said that's oh, year over year, year over year. Okay, yes, sorry. So it's, it's a seasonal. So year over year. Yeah, so it's 64%. Right. And that's over a million dollars. So that's pretty impressive. It's the area under the curve. Yeah, sorry, area under the curve. Here it's even more impressive. That's 67. So 5,000amonth. Again, so this is a smaller brand but you know, they generated these spikes that they didn't have a year ago here. Conversion. Yeah, like this, you know, triple the conversion rate. Like let's see this one. 100% lift and conversion rate and then sales. So here you have six examples that someone like me who actually looks at the charts like, okay, you know what I would probably then be asking is which are the brands and how did you do it? So first thing is results. So we'll go back to your. And then here's your pricing. Right. So very basic deck. So now let's focus on you and your deck. I have all the files in the chat. Okay, so now let's get your pitch deck. I don't know why this is. Let's get your pitch deck better. Okay, so let's open. I have sent you the brand. Positioning is the document and then the presentation is. And I think I have, I have your version on my desktop and we open this. Okay, so now let's open both and let's spend the thing. And so just so you know, is. Okay, so let's go straight to your. So let's skip. Like right now we're going to add strategies to find. We're going to put founders helping founders masterclass. Yeah. December 11th. And then, you know, post on LinkedIn and, you know, connection. You know, the class will kind of have. The class should have, you know, 10 to 30 people. And then I used to do emails. I have to figure out my email list if I can get that. So now you kind of have an additional strategy. Okay, so let's go here. So obviously he had his, you know, startup brands and Shopify, you want a little bit bigger brands, but we're gonna, we're gonna introduce you to some of these smaller ones. Okay, so let me reread this. So definitely a lot of that, A lot of that you will say applies for the people in your group. Yeah. Okay. So, you know, hey, I, I need Amazon, I need expertise. So you're gonna have pretty much, you know, I think I had a good one, but I'm not sure it worked. And then there's these people that, you know, I have a good agency and I'm happy. So this is like. So you. We're gonna talk to. We're gonna give you exposure to. They're very small. They haven't had Amazon. They're looking to have one. They had bag ones. And then therefore, you know, therefore, therefore doing myself or, you know, on pause, right? Like, either they gave up or they're doing it themselves, or they think they had a good one and didn't work and therefore, you know, looking for new one or paused, you know, so you have pain points in. Selling pain points is really, really, really important. So your two enemies are. They have a good, you know, they don't need to change. So you don't want to pursue those guys. Or they have a bad agency. No agency. You. They have a, they have a bad agency, they have no agency, or they have, you know, they don't need to change. So you're not going to worry about those guys. Okay, so let's get to this because this becomes your PowerPoint. Okay? So this is a process, right? This is a how. Remember, the benefit is the what in it for you. With it. With it. So this is not a with it. Right? This is. This is the how. Right. The rtbs are the how. So the first audits, Like, this is more like a, A trust badge. So this goes down here. Right? Like, and I'll just put bullet points here. I'll just put, like, I, I don't, like, keep it really simple. Like, again, like we chatted. Six years experience is not even going to be a number two. Right? Yeah, sure. You know, we're, you know, experience. But here it's going to be results, results, results. Okay. I have them. The case studies. Yeah. Okay, so we'll, we'll. I just want to organize. Yeah, okay, perfect. Okay, so let's. Unique process. So results, results. We're going to just make this tighter because in a PowerPoint. So first, when you present, whether you're meeting someone at the elevator, you're meeting someone at a founders group, you're meeting someone at a dinner party, or you're pitching on LinkedIn, or you're pitching in your deck. Your deck flow is going to go, results, results, result. No, it's going to go, I have a unique process or something. I have expertise. I have expertise with cpg. We'll have to define that. I think you have to. Then it's going to be results, result. No, the. I think there's going to be like your clients and your years and then results, results, results. This is. I don't know what to do with this. This. Let's take this out of the way for now. I'm just going through the pitch process in my head. So I just do the big picture. I have the expertise that I'm kind of focused on this. That's a how. It doesn't go up here. So I'm going to get you results. Okay. The cpg, Amazon Boutique Agency to get you results. Okay. Like, so whatever. This may not be final, but you're going to want to kind of memorize that. It becomes your business card, it becomes your tagline, it becomes every one of your pitch. Your pitch. So here. Do you have a trademark? Right? Like if you have a trademark. No, I have to do that. Okay. Okay. So you should. I have a guy. Do you need a guy to help you with the trademark? I know a guy. I have someone. Okay. Because I have a guy. He's like $400 instead of $1500. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So I can introduce you, Don. All right. So the best cpg, Amazon Boutique partner, not agency partner. To get your brand results. Okay, so this is a benefit statement, right? Who are you? What category do you compete in? You compete in. You're an agency. So your brand name. Introducing brand X. I'm the brand that. Okay, so your target is boutique part. Your target is CPG brands. You are a boutique agency, right? So you're a brand of chocolate. You're know this, this is who your brand, your descriptor is who your target is. And you're going to get results. Now everyone says they're going to get results so we have to work on that a little bit. Let's see what this is. Okay, this sounds like chat GPT. Let me put this in here a little bit. It's just two blah blah blah. Okay. Okay, let's read your. So are you going to be able to share your SlimQuik? I don't think I can. I can mention the client's names but I will not. When I will talk about the results, I'll not say that this is for Slim Quick. Yes. So you should do what that brand has done. Right. So like your deck probably will say some client in weight loss category or keto category, something like that. I'm not sure. Did you win any awards? Because that's important. Do you have any ratings on February? You have a number one rating, right? I have 80 plus there, but I. Okay. And the only one that I have is on Clutch. That is written by Zylka. That's all I have. What's Clutch again? Clutch is a. It's like trustpilot for agencies. Right? Right. Okay, so you have only one on clutch, but you have on fiber. You have 80 reviews. 80 plus. Yeah. Okay, but you don't have any awards, right? I don't have any awards. Okay, so you have 80 plus positive. I'm going to put it in caps. Client reviews and then you know that's on fiber, right? Yeah. Should I mention fiber though? Well, this is your strategic document, so I'll put it in parenthesis. So we're finish your strategic document benefit rtv. Then we're going to do your deck. Okay, so. The six years is definitely, you know, is definitely an rtb, but it's just lower. Okay, so here, you know, over how many clients have you worked with? Over XX satisfied clients. How many? You know, just accounting one time tasks and everything on retainer. I think 48, 45, 48. That many clients I have worked with so far. So 50. And then how many are CPG? All. Okay, So that's super important. Right. There's not a lot of people that can say that. So this is pretty important. So I have to rewrite this. So here you could say one of the only agencies with dedicated. Like, we'll get chat GPT to Rick. The word, the fix, the. The words. Dedicated. Dedicated to only CPG clients. 100%. I like to have the 100% in there, but I'll figure it out. So here you get an only. Right here you're saying, hey, you know, we're the best. And then here you're saying only. So these are like, these are powerful words. So like. But we just have to make it believable because everyone, you know, 2,000 agencies want to say the same thing. Okay, so what is this? Okay, so that's, that's in here. So how about we say full service? Let's put full service in here. How about we say something like in the benefit statement takes the. Worry and this is not the right words. But the pain out of, you know, mastering Amazon, I don't like. This is a bit negative, but takes away the worry and pain of figuring out how to master Amazon and build your brand. And properly build your brand. Oops. Because these headlines are going to go in your deck. So. So this is more salesy. Yeah, this is kind of strategy. Okay, so why then this, I think, becomes the first one. So why is you've only been doing CPG over six years. Okay, so why is you dedicated to CPG for six years? You have 50 satisfied clients and you're dedicated there now? I think. So why do you think you're so good? What makes you and your small team so good? Let's put like, you know, why our team is so much better. Like, tell me some reasons why you're better. What makes your team better than these other three guys? Agency we just saw, I would say the processes that we have in place. That's one thing. Okay, so describe the process in like layman's terms. Well, when we take over an account, we know the priorities and we have this, the task list and timetable, everything created so that everything is taken care of on time. It's not just in our head. We have that process and system. That's not just. That's just one thing. So that's scheduling and maintaining, doing the things on time. That's a. That's one. And then when I say systems, then we have developed this. For how long? So how long does it take you to onboard? So does it take you like in 10 days to onboard a brand and get items set up. Like how long does that take you? Well, if it is ads, we can do it within a week. Yeah. And if a whole new listings, whole new listings, I mean to create one listing, to write that listing usually take about 10 to 12 days. Okay, so. Okay, so you have this like awesome like cookie cutter process to onboard, for example, new listings 10 to 12 days, new ads go live, can be seven days. So you have like a discipline, task list and timetable. So now you're onboarded. So once onboarded, what's special about your process? Okay, what do you. That's different when it comes to the listing. Let's say because it's supplements and CPTs, there are certain it's not the same as writing the copy for other products, the tables, it's different. Yep. And also sometimes there are specifically for supplements, there are keywords and policy comments, even for food actually that you cannot write directly. So how do you take advantage of those bold keywords and still make the SEO work or communicate your benefits with the customers? Those are the tricky parts. And when it comes to writing the listing copy, that's something we are, we have mastered over the year years. And second thing is for ads, these are the things that I have already mentioned. So first thing is understanding the skew economics. And based on that, whatever go to ad strategy should be how much we want to allocate on the budget allocation, basically on new customer acquisition or just maintaining our brand presence on Amazon, how should the allocation look like? And based on that, the strategy, what it should be. It's something. And another thing that Suzy, we have worked on, but it's not really operational. We have done it for a while, but there are no takers of that. Was using AMC and also Amazon's fulfillment report to create. To look into the ltv. And LTV is something, I mean across different kind of cohorts that's usually not available on Amazon. You cannot generally get that kind of data. So we have also come across, developed that kind of analytics or you can see that. And also let's say what's the point of market entry and how does the do the customers behave after. Yeah, tell me more about this last point. So what is it? So it's AMZ. What OAMs? It's AMC. It's Amazon marketing cloud. Okay, so give me kind of some verbs. So you're experts in Amazon cloud and tell me, give me, finish the sentence a little bit. Tell me. Okay. That lets us calculate or know the lifetime value of the customers, how customers behave once they Purchase the first product that is the point of market entry and then what is their behavior across other products in that same brand. So if we know all these things then that lets us decide where the money should flow, the advertisement budget should flow and that would capture more customers and let us keep them. Yeah, yeah. Okay. So you basically. So you're one of the only agencies dedicated in CPG 50, 50/ satisfied clients 6 years. You have expertise in the highly regulated supplements categories in Canada and the U.S. so that's like a big deal, you know. You know for rapid, you know. So therefore you can do rapid listings listings with the right copy and claims that Amazon will not reject. Right. Because I've like my guy, he had to go back again and again like in vitamins for ads with the right copy and claims that will not get flagged and banned. Okay. Is there anything else that you do that because you're an expert in supplements so you can get the listings with the right copy and claims you can get the best ads. Is there anything else you can think of? Well, that. Another big thing for many CPGs I, I'd say is there. If they're particularly focused on retail, their pricing may not work on Amazon and the SKU economics may not work. So you may need to think about what would be a profitable offer. What would really help your brand grow in the long run. If, I mean if you are selling a product that is not profitable from the get go, no matter how much you push with ads, how much good your listing is, you are never going to make money. So you need to start from there. That's another important thing. I think. I'm just going to write it out this way but I think it's that enriches the pricing and margin dynamics for a win win. If too expensive won't sell and if too cheap, margin won't work. We know we will tell you right away the target price and margin and cost of goods you need to have to be successful. So is that true? Like you'll know like this supplement should be $18 or $16 and cost of goods and percentage to spend on Amazon. So if I kind of show you like my vitamins, you're able to kind of come in and say sell it at $28. It has to be at this amount in retail. Your cost of goods has to be $3 and we're going to spend 25% on Amazon and that will work? Yeah, you can do kind of similar but cost of goods, you don't have too much flexibility there. We can definitely tell you that this is too high. But what can you do about that? I mean, probably you can not too much. So in that case, sometimes it may require us to think of what can be our offer on Amazon. Let's say you have five different flavors and you sell four count of each. So how about we create a variety pack with three flavors together that will make make it 12 count and you'll be able to price it higher. That will work for you right? After paying Amazon's shipping and handling fee and referral fee and every other expenses that are out there. So help you come up with the best product offerings at the right price to ensure you have a successful.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Better Chocolate. I just kind of finished phase one of restructuring, and then I'm just trying to close a little bit of funding for my new company because I had to. I got. I had legal issues with Better Chocolate, so I had like, I'm in kind of a transition of sorting out some legal issues, restructuring, and then launching three SKUs. So it's a little bit busy. It's not like the super kind of kind of, you know, like it's launching SKUs. So it's the basics. It's not like super strategic stuff. Like it's like, you know, sales sheets and artwork and regulatory and crap. So it's not the funnest part of my life, but it's part of when you're a founder and you don't have, you know, a bunch of people on the team, you just got to do what you got to do. So that's what I'm doing.

Speaker B: Well, it looks like you're excited about all these things. You're having fun.

Speaker A: I'm trying to be. Okay, so. But I want to help you. I think. Give me one second because I think I only have 45 minutes and I'm not going to shortchange you on the hour, so don't worry about that. I still owe you half an hour from the first $500. But I'm pretty sure I have like, my schedule changed like four times today. And then I'm pretty sure I have a hard stop at one sec. Today. Yeah, so I have a hard stop at one. So like let's do 40 minutes and we can regroup tomorrow and Thursday. So first of all, the founders group is looking for Amazon experts. So I'm positioning you as you know, your name is cpg as a CPG expert and that you're used to working with larger accounts, but you've worked with some accounts that I know and you're open to working with some smaller accounts if there's potential. So that's how I'm just going to drop that comment there. There's a couple of other guys. Let me just. Here, can you let me share my screen? I'll just show you a few things.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, you can share your screen now.

Speaker A: So I'm just going to show you. And then the second thing is I want to do Amazon so you can see my screen, right?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay. So second thing is I'm going to do like a masterclass next week. So I just want to show you. This is one of your competitors. Okay. So Anu, Pama Palmer. He's worked with this company here, Deepak Patel. So I'm just going to send you that in our Zoom so you have it handy wherever our Zoom is here. Oh where are we chat here. So he's just as an example like he's a competitor again. I had hired two small guys back two years ago and you know they were like, they were like, they're, it's really hard. You go to fee fiber and you kind of pick someone and then you don't know how good they are. Like they all charge you, you know what, whatever it is, 500, a thousand per skew to up but you don't even know if they're good because then they charge you more for every month and then you don't really know how good they are until you've spent like $5,000, right. So that's like a real pain point. But this one person said, you know I'm had good success with this guy. Then these other people are saying, you know because this US U S founder noticed, so a Canadian founder noticed that the U S founder is being resold in Canada at $111 instead of like $30. So this US founder did not know about the resellers. So my founders group is just explaining the basics, right? They didn't know about the resellers but every, everyone wants, everyone wants help on Amazon. So Anu here, basically his person Deepak tripled Amazon sales to double digit thousands in six months. Okay so check out who and then Anu Parma. Parma, I don't even remember who that is. So let's go here. But that's what you want right? Like you want to be like Anu Parma Parma. So Anu is, I don't know how big her brand is. So let's see. So she's, her brand is Bali Tibala, whatever that is. I don't even remember. She's plant based. And yeah, so he's basically been able to take her plant based brand and triple it. So that's what you want, right? Like you want a reputation that you're going to get word of mouth. So I'm going to put your name and your description here, here. There's other people like Annu knows a little bit, right? She's like don't you know, do the brand registry and you know you need the cease and desist letter. Then she's asking about Amazon transparency. So she probably just talked to her guy and said what should I say to this US Founder who's you know getting like it's, it's all the Resellers, like, look at fats, like a dozen resellers. My Amazon guy in Spain, Wayne, Matt Kips. Like at one point, like, it's, it's like, it's a game of keep, keep finding these guys and, and sending them letters. So like at one point, like he was sending letters five a week to kind of as when your brand gets popular. So I don't think there was anything else. So I'm thinking next Wednesday, like at 4 or 5pm I want to do a masterclass. But I wanted to know. Yeah, 4 or 5pm if you'd be available.

Speaker B: Next question.

Speaker A: Yeah, so what I would do is we'd invite you, we'd maybe invite this pet tag. We'd invite William. So we'd invite two, maybe three experts to present. So I can help you with your PowerPoint. Just show me where you are with your PowerPoint. But we might have anywhere from five to 30 founders on the call.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And you would get to present to them. Then I would do like a pitch on LinkedIn also and say, you know, we had three guests. So you'll get awareness either way. Right. Like, you'll be like presenting at a masterclass. I'll link you in. There may be smaller players, but still the bigger players read the LinkedIn too. So, like, you know, I think that kind of makes sense. But I need to look at your pitch deck. So let's like, where is your latest pitch deck? And let's work on that together.

Speaker B: Well, you know what, I didn't do much on the pitch deck because you sent me an example of example pitch deck, first of all. And then you also sent me an example of a DM that someone sent you. So I wanted to understand what you liked about them and also how I can implement the positioning in the pitch deck.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So let's do this. Do you remember? So we need to pull up. So you pull up your positioning. Let me show you the. Let me show you the pitch deck. So you were able to access it, right? I wasn't able to download it. So you're able to access the pitch deck, right?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So let's just look at it quickly. So brand Works, I think it was. What do you remember the company is it Brand Works?

Speaker B: I'll send you the link right now.

Speaker A: Oh, okay.

Speaker B: Okay. Chat here. I have sent it to you.

Speaker A: Okay. In chat. Right. Okay, perfect. So let's just walk through that and then let's use your brand positioning and

Speaker B: like, let me send the brand positioning to you again because I think you do it's faster when you do it.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, perfect. Okay. So he sent it on Canva. Like when he called, he got a meeting with me, and I don't even know why, because I don't give meetings to anybody. And I basically said. He said, you know, he doesn't do pitch decks. And I'm like, well, you're not talking to me, right? Like, if you don't do pitch decks, like, you don't. You're not, you know, you're not gonna. Like. So he did this. What the heck is this? It here. Results.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's. Yeah, the results and the services.

Speaker A: Okay, so it's this deck here. Right. So the first page. But where's the first page?

Speaker B: You have to click on the left here.

Speaker A: Wait, excuse. The screen is hiding once. Ah, okay. Okay, so result. Okay. Okay, where's. Wait, there was like eight pages. What the heck?

Speaker B: You have to click on. Click to the left.

Speaker A: Yeah, keep on clicking on the left.

Speaker B: On the left side. Bring your cursor to the left.

Speaker A: Yeah, I don't see the.

Speaker B: Restart. Click on restart. Yeah, that look better.

Speaker A: Okay, restart. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, there you go.

Speaker A: Okay, so. So you're, you know, you have your cover page, so let me move this thing out of the way. Okay, Cover page. About us. You know, this is like, okay, we're founded in 2020. Again, like, we chatted. That's kind of an RTB. That's lower. Like, the whole idea is with it, the selfish consumer audience. What's in it for them? So it's not about you. Oh, we're founded in 2020. Like, who cares? That's like four years ago. Like, why. Why do we care about that? So we'll go to your brand positioning in a second. But it's like, that's a reason to believe. What you want to be leading with is how can you help remove the pain points of your clients. So this is very weak. Okay, we focus on early stage. Okay, great, that's good. So now the reader says, okay, well, I'm an early stage Shopify brand, so that's good. The fact that they've only been doing this four years, we don't care. Oh, we have experts, full service. Okay, blah, blah, blah. Okay, where the North Carolina. Okay, well, all right. So far I didn't learn too much. This is the team, so. All right, so it's Dan who reached out. Okay, well, great. So there's three people on the team. Grow, convert, maximize. So, you know, this is starting. You kind of have to have a little bit of similar stuff. Right, but like convert leads to grow. Right? Like, like it's kind of like, I don't know if these are the three buckets, but this is a little bit of the process. But essentially you want to say that you're full service and you want to say like that you will get results. And how will you get results? So here he's kind of mixed both of them up. Now he's saying, hey, you know, like it's all like, it's a mix up. Oh, we'll take your money and do paid ads. You'll get an account person, we'll will send out emails. Oh, right, right. This is Shopify. Right? That's true. We'll do content. You know, basically they do everything like Chat GPT just wrote this, you know. But that's like what, like then, okay, we're going to convert.

Speaker B: It's just a bunch of deliverables.

Speaker A: That's like, it's just Chat GPT stuff. And then the examples are just ads. Okay, so this is necessary. Okay, so this is good. Right? Like, so here you have in one year they went from zero. They pretty much launched in October and Now they're at 5,000 per week, 20,000 per month. So that's not bad day. They launch and they got to 20,000 per month in Shopify. That's not bad here. I don't even know how to read this because all you look at is, you know, December, they tanked. So I don't know where they said that's oh, year over year, year over year. Okay, yes, sorry. So it's, it's a seasonal. So year over year. Yeah, so it's 64%. Right. And that's over a million dollars. So that's pretty impressive. It's the area under the curve. Yeah, sorry, area under the curve. Here it's even more impressive. That's 67. So 5,000amonth. Again, so this is a smaller brand but you know, they generated these spikes that they didn't have a year ago here. Conversion. Yeah, like this, you know, triple the conversion rate. Like let's see this one. 100% lift and conversion rate and then sales. So here you have six examples that someone like me who actually looks at the charts like, okay, you know what I would probably then be asking is which are the brands and how did you do it? So first thing is results. So we'll go back to your. And then here's your pricing. Right. So very basic deck. So now let's focus on you and your deck.

Speaker B: I have all the files in the chat.

Speaker A: Okay, so now let's get your pitch deck. I don't know why this is. Let's get your pitch deck better. Okay, so let's open.

Speaker B: I have sent you the brand. Positioning is the document and then the presentation is.

Speaker A: And I think I have, I have your version on my desktop and we open this. Okay, so now let's open both and let's spend the thing. And so just so you know, is. Okay, so let's go straight to your. So let's skip. Like right now we're going to add strategies to find. We're going to put founders helping founders masterclass.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: December 11th. And then, you know, post on LinkedIn and, you know, connection. You know, the class will kind of have. The class should have, you know, 10 to 30 people. And then I used to do emails. I have to figure out my email list if I can get that. So now you kind of have an additional strategy. Okay, so let's go here. So obviously he had his, you know, startup brands and Shopify, you want a little bit bigger brands, but we're gonna, we're gonna introduce you to some of these smaller ones. Okay, so let me reread this. So definitely a lot of that,

Speaker B: A lot of that you will say applies for the people in your group.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. So, you know, hey, I, I need Amazon, I need expertise. So you're gonna have pretty much, you know, I think I had a good one, but I'm not sure it worked. And then there's these people that, you know, I have a good agency and I'm happy. So this is like. So you. We're gonna talk to. We're gonna give you exposure to. They're very small. They haven't had Amazon. They're looking to have one. They had bag ones. And then therefore, you know, therefore, therefore doing myself or, you know, on pause, right? Like, either they gave up or they're doing it themselves, or they think they had a good one and didn't work and therefore, you know, looking for new one or paused, you know, so you have pain points in. Selling pain points is really, really, really important. So your two enemies are. They have a good, you know, they don't need to change. So you don't want to pursue those guys. Or they have a bad agency. No agency. You. They have a, they have a bad agency, they have no agency, or they have, you know, they don't need to change. So you're not going to worry about those guys. Okay, so let's get to this because this becomes your PowerPoint. Okay? So this is a process, right? This is a how. Remember, the benefit is the what in it for you. With it. With it. So this is not a with it. Right? This is. This is the how. Right. The rtbs are the how. So the first audits, Like, this is more like a, A trust badge. So this goes down here. Right? Like, and I'll just put bullet points here. I'll just put, like, I, I don't, like, keep it really simple. Like, again, like we chatted. Six years experience is not even going to be a number two. Right? Yeah, sure. You know, we're, you know, experience. But here it's going to be results, results, results. Okay.

Speaker B: I have them. The case studies.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, so we'll, we'll. I just want to organize. Yeah, okay, perfect. Okay, so let's. Unique process. So results, results. We're going to just make this tighter because in a PowerPoint. So first, when you present, whether you're meeting someone at the elevator, you're meeting someone at a founders group, you're meeting someone at a dinner party, or you're pitching on LinkedIn, or you're pitching in your deck. Your deck flow is going to go, results, results, result. No, it's going to go, I have a unique process or something. I have expertise. I have expertise with cpg. We'll have to define that. I think you have to. Then it's going to be results, result. No, the. I think there's going to be like your clients and your years and then results, results, results. This is. I don't know what to do with this. This. Let's take this out of the way for now. I'm just going through the pitch process in my head. So I just do the big picture. I have the expertise that I'm kind of focused on this. That's a how. It doesn't go up here. So I'm going to get you results. Okay. The cpg, Amazon Boutique Agency to get you results. Okay. Like, so whatever. This may not be final, but you're going to want to kind of memorize that. It becomes your business card, it becomes your tagline, it becomes every one of your pitch. Your pitch. So here. Do you have a trademark? Right? Like if you have a trademark.

Speaker B: No, I have to do that.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So you should. I have a guy. Do you need a guy to help you with the trademark?

Speaker B: I know a guy. I have someone.

Speaker A: Okay. Because I have a guy. He's like $400 instead of $1500.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I can introduce you, Don. All right. So the best cpg, Amazon Boutique partner, not agency partner. To get your brand results. Okay, so this is a benefit statement, right? Who are you? What category do you compete in? You compete in. You're an agency. So your brand name. Introducing brand X. I'm the brand that. Okay, so your target is boutique part. Your target is CPG brands. You are a boutique agency, right? So you're a brand of chocolate. You're know this, this is who your brand, your descriptor is who your target is. And you're going to get results. Now everyone says they're going to get results so we have to work on that a little bit. Let's see what this is. Okay, this sounds like chat GPT. Let me put this in here a little bit. It's just two blah blah blah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay, let's read your. So are you going to be able to share your SlimQuik?

Speaker B: I don't think I can. I can mention the client's names but I will not. When I will talk about the results, I'll not say that this is for Slim Quick.

Speaker A: Yes. So you should do what that brand has done. Right. So like your deck

Speaker B: probably will say some client in weight loss category or keto category, something like that. I'm not sure.

Speaker A: Did you win any awards? Because that's important. Do you have any ratings on February? You have a number one rating, right?

Speaker B: I have 80 plus there, but I.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And the only one that I have is on Clutch. That is written by Zylka. That's all I have.

Speaker A: What's Clutch again?

Speaker B: Clutch is a. It's like trustpilot for agencies.

Speaker A: Right? Right. Okay, so you have only one on clutch, but you have on fiber. You have 80 reviews.

Speaker B: 80 plus. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, but you don't have any awards, right?

Speaker B: I don't have any awards.

Speaker A: Okay, so you have 80 plus positive. I'm going to put it in caps. Client reviews and then you know that's on fiber, right?

Speaker B: Yeah. Should I mention fiber though?

Speaker A: Well, this is your strategic document, so I'll put it in parenthesis. So we're finish your strategic document benefit rtv. Then we're going to do your deck. Okay, so. The six years is definitely, you know, is definitely an rtb, but it's just lower. Okay, so here, you know, over how many clients have you worked with? Over XX satisfied clients. How many?

Speaker B: You know, just accounting one time tasks and everything on retainer. I think 48, 45, 48. That many clients I have worked with so far.

Speaker A: So 50. And then how many are CPG?

Speaker B: All.

Speaker A: Okay, So that's super important. Right. There's not a lot of people that can say that. So this is pretty important. So I have to rewrite this. So here you could say one of the only agencies with dedicated. Like, we'll get chat GPT to Rick. The word, the fix, the. The words. Dedicated. Dedicated to only CPG clients. 100%. I like to have the 100% in there, but I'll figure it out. So here you get an only. Right here you're saying, hey, you know, we're the best. And then here you're saying only. So these are like, these are powerful words. So like. But we just have to make it believable because everyone, you know, 2,000 agencies want to say the same thing. Okay, so what is this? Okay, so that's, that's in here. So how about we say full service? Let's put full service in here. How about we say something like in the benefit statement takes the. Worry and this is not the right words. But the pain out of, you know, mastering Amazon, I don't like. This is a bit negative, but takes away the worry and pain of figuring out how to master Amazon and build your brand. And properly build your brand. Oops. Because these headlines are going to go in your deck. So. So this is more salesy. Yeah, this is kind of strategy. Okay, so why then this, I think, becomes the first one. So why is you've only been doing CPG over six years. Okay, so why is you dedicated to CPG for six years? You have 50 satisfied clients and you're dedicated there now? I think. So why do you think you're so good? What makes you and your small team so good? Let's put like, you know, why our team is so much better. Like, tell me some reasons why you're better. What makes your team better than these other three guys? Agency we just saw, I would say

Speaker B: the processes that we have in place. That's one thing.

Speaker A: Okay, so describe the process in like layman's terms.

Speaker B: Well, when we take over an account, we know the priorities and we have this, the task list and timetable, everything created so that everything is taken care of on time. It's not just in our head. We have that process and system. That's not just. That's just one thing. So that's scheduling and maintaining, doing the things on time. That's a. That's one. And then when I say systems, then we have developed this. For how long?

Speaker A: So how long does it take you to onboard? So does it take you like in 10 days to onboard a brand and get items set up. Like how long does that take you?

Speaker B: Well, if it is ads, we can do it within a week.

Speaker A: Yeah. And if a whole new listings, whole

Speaker B: new listings, I mean to create one listing, to write that listing usually take about 10 to 12 days.

Speaker A: Okay, so. Okay, so you have this like awesome like cookie cutter process to onboard, for example, new listings 10 to 12 days, new ads go live, can be seven days. So you have like a discipline, task list and timetable. So now you're onboarded. So once onboarded, what's special about your process? Okay, what do you.

Speaker B: That's different when it comes to the listing. Let's say because it's supplements and CPTs, there are certain it's not the same as writing the copy for other products, the tables, it's different.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: And also sometimes there are specifically for supplements, there are keywords and policy comments, even for food actually that you cannot write directly. So how do you take advantage of those bold keywords and still make the SEO work or communicate your benefits with the customers? Those are the tricky parts. And when it comes to writing the listing copy, that's something we are, we have mastered over the year years. And second thing is for ads, these are the things that I have already mentioned. So first thing is understanding the skew economics. And based on that, whatever go to ad strategy should be how much we want to allocate on the budget allocation, basically on new customer acquisition or just maintaining our brand presence on Amazon, how should the allocation look like? And based on that, the strategy, what it should be. It's something. And another thing that Suzy, we have worked on, but it's not really operational. We have done it for a while, but there are no takers of that. Was using AMC and also Amazon's fulfillment report to create. To look into the ltv. And LTV is something, I mean across different kind of cohorts that's usually not available on Amazon. You cannot generally get that kind of data. So we have also come across, developed that kind of analytics or you can see that. And also let's say what's the point of market entry and how does the do the customers behave after.

Speaker A: Yeah, tell me more about this last point. So what is it? So it's AMZ. What OAMs?

Speaker B: It's AMC. It's Amazon marketing cloud.

Speaker A: Okay, so give me kind of some verbs. So you're experts in Amazon cloud and tell me, give me, finish the sentence a little bit. Tell me.

Speaker B: Okay. That lets us calculate or know the lifetime value of the customers, how customers behave once they Purchase the first product that is the point of market entry and then what is their behavior across other products in that same brand. So if we know all these things then that lets us decide where the money should flow, the advertisement budget should flow and that would capture more customers and let us keep them. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. So you basically. So you're one of the only agencies dedicated in CPG 50, 50/ satisfied clients 6 years. You have expertise in the highly regulated supplements categories in Canada and the U.S. so that's like a big deal, you know. You know for rapid, you know. So therefore you can do rapid listings listings with the right copy and claims that Amazon will not reject. Right. Because I've like my guy, he had to go back again and again like in vitamins for ads with the right copy and claims that will not get flagged and banned. Okay. Is there anything else that you do that because you're an expert in supplements so you can get the listings with the right copy and claims you can get the best ads. Is there anything else you can think of? Well, that.

Speaker B: Another big thing for many CPGs I, I'd say is there. If they're particularly focused on retail, their pricing may not work on Amazon and the SKU economics may not work. So you may need to think about what would be a profitable offer. What would really help your brand grow in the long run. If, I mean if you are selling a product that is not profitable from the get go, no matter how much you push with ads, how much good your listing is, you are never going to make money. So you need to start from there. That's another important thing. I think.

Speaker A: I'm just going to write it out this way but I think it's that enriches the pricing and margin dynamics for a win win. If too expensive won't sell and if too cheap, margin won't work. We know we will tell you right away the target price and margin and cost of goods you need to have to be successful. So is that true? Like you'll know like this supplement should be $18 or $16 and cost of goods and percentage to spend on Amazon. So if I kind of show you like my vitamins, you're able to kind of come in and say sell it at $28. It has to be at this amount in retail. Your cost of goods has to be $3 and we're going to spend 25% on Amazon and that will work?

Speaker B: Yeah, you can do kind of similar but cost of goods, you don't have too much flexibility there. We can definitely tell you that this is too high. But what can you do about that? I mean, probably you can not too much. So in that case, sometimes it may require us to think of what can be our offer on Amazon. Let's say you have five different flavors and you sell four count of each. So how about we create a variety pack with three flavors together that will make make it 12 count and you'll be able to price it higher. That will work for you right? After paying Amazon's shipping and handling fee and referral fee and every other expenses that are out there.

Speaker A: So help you come up with the best product offerings at the right price to ensure you have a successful.

