Transcript for: Recording__984.mp4
Title: Recording #984
============================================================

Up for important documents. But for this chat, we'll just keep little things. So I think number one is we want to prepare for 3F. Number two is I think we want to, you know, continue to. To find. Like we want to finalize. The first thing is kind of like your B to C growth plan. Like, like, I think we're like 90% there. A B2B growth plan. And then number three is I think we want to work the plan. Like we want to then take a few buckets and work them. Because the magic is in both having a good plan and then working the plan. So let's start with 3F. Do you want maybe share my screen? Sure. Or. Okay, So it's loading. It's a little bit slow. Okay. It's sharing, right? Yes. Yep. Okay, it was a bit slow. Okay, so let's go into our Dropbox. So. Oh, three farmers. Okay, so which one? The proposal? Yeah. Okay. The first one. Okay. Yeah, yeah. We cannot be shocking them on the. They're pretty frugal. So we kind of have to take little steps. Huh? That's how they thought. So. Yeah, you have to be careful. Okay, so first we're missing. We're missing a page. So. Okay, so what's the objective of this deck? You always have this as the first page. So what's the objective of this deck? Is to share. Right. Share. Top line findings. Of a cursory. Okay, like I have breadcrumbs in my s. Cursory review of Amazon results and make recommendations and align to recommendation. Okay, so this is what the deck is supposed to do. So you're basically going to share some findings and then make a recommendation. So the agenda of this deck is going to be what? Oh, these are my pages I have added. Yes, yours. The two pages. There's one before this. So I have added my points. These are edited ones, but in your format. This one is not really formatted. Well, I just kept it so that we can talk about it and then we'll decide. And this is also. I kept two pages. We'll decide what to keep. Okay, but. This is not more like a recommendation. Recommendations are in the chart in the table. But this is. Out of all those things. What do we do now? That's what I mentioned here. Okay, but where's your. Okay, so. So this is good. But. Let's move the objectives and agenda to the second position. Second slide. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oops. Okay, so this I think is good. So we'll start with. So this is key findings and indicated action. So key findings so you see how I kind of organize things. Then two is going to be. I don't know if we want to go. What's this here? This is ad audit. So they gave me the reports. Yeah. Okay. And then pricing in the end. Yeah, this is kind of. You need timing also. Okay, so let's review this. So here it's going to be validate positioning by a concept research. So that's Susie. I'm doing that. So that's kind of the first step. And then the second step, once that's done. So that's going to be Jen Finn. Once that's done, then you know. Is it Brittany? Who's the lady? Who's. It's Brittany, right? Brittany, yes. Then Britney and the partner. And the Amazon partner, which I. Did you figure out, are they using someone right now as an Amazon partner? Well, they're advertising, so someone must be doing that. I don't know whether it's Brittany. Britney probably is not doing it. She looks like a social media person. And also she does videography. And also. Yeah. Okay, so why don't I put this. How do you spell Brittany? B, R, A. Is there two N's or one N? I don't know. I don't know. I think double T. Right, Brittany? Let's see. Okay. Okay. So number one is I'm gonna lead the positioning. And then number two, once we have the positioning, Brittany and the Amazon partner, which we are going to hope is you. But here we're just kind of saying like, you've done a free audit and this is what you recommend, Right? You recommend to hire you. But we're on the first page. Okay, So what's this? These are. I'll just say, for example. For example, these are powerful keywords. Is that true? Not all keywords. These are the talking points. You can say, or the way I say talking. Talking points. Okay. Okay. Current, these are. So are you saying that these are strong talking points and they're not communicating them? Are you saying this is what they're communicating? Well, they have these things in the listing, but it's not really clear. So let's say it's okay. No, no, these are there. And I'm not suggesting that we have to change it. Everything's there, but it's not easy to understand. So, for example, healthy snacking. That's our healthy snack. That itself is a keyword. If we make it easy to understand. Right. From the search result, then people would, first of all click more on our listing. So use an example. And remember, these two women are super smart, but they're also like many, many, many entrepreneurs, super practical. So we're just doing a dry run. So tell me, I'm still trying to understand what you're saying. So what do you mean? So I'm just, I just typed up I like what you said. So they're using these current talking points. However, they're not as easy to understand. So what I'm kind of saying is two things. One is as we concept work to validate the positioning, we may realize that, you know, roasted, never fried, like, is like number 10 instead of number three, let's say. Right. I'm just making it up. So we're going to validate reasons to believe and benefits, but we're going to get consumer data to say what's stronger or not. So we'll come back and we'll say, hey, you know that guarantee is important minimally, process is important, has no saturated fat, needs to come off. Right. For example, okay, we're going to have like a chart and we're going to say this is all what the consumer is saying. Okay. So the first step is to find out like, because what they have now is from 5 years ago concept work. So the first phase is the brand positioning. And in the brand positioning, similar to your brand positioning, which I'll open right now just so we, you know, I can refer it to you, is oops. Okay, so their brand positioning, which I'm paid to do, like I'm paid to do this for them. Okay. Target insight, enemy brand benefits, which right now it's not tight enough. Like there's three or four different options and then the RTBs, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. Right. I'm going to do this for their brand because it's not tight enough. If you look, I'll just take a two second pause and then I'll, we'll come back. If you look at their current brand positioning. Okay, so I'm going to go in. Oh, sorry. Yeah, Business reviews. Okay. So if you go into the last time they rebranded. So this soham applies for every client, like the stuff we're talking about now. Every client, last 30 years, next 30 years. Okay. Like this is my job, like as a marketer, this is our job. So this is what they did five years ago without me to rebrand. Okay. So I'm just going to kind of show you they hired an agency, not me, they hired an agency to say, hey, let's look at an audit. So you're doing an Amazon audit. This was a brand agency who did an Audit very similar to what we're doing. Right. So I'm doing a little bit of this because I'm doing a brand review. They did it from an agency perspective. Agencies are not that good at brand strategy. That's not their job. But they try to make money and make it their job for smaller brands because people like me are expensive and hard to find good ones. There's a lot of bad, weak brand managers out there. And even when you hire a brand manager, they don't know what I'm talking about. Like they. No one's learning this anymore. Okay. So agencies do this type of stuff. So five years ago, they did a mini business review. Brand assessment. They said, look like a business review. Right? So I'm doing the business review, which I'll show you the deck in two seconds. But they're saying, hey, let us do a mini business review like a CMO would do. Like, we're going to get a better understanding of this and we're going to better understand the brand, the consumers. Like the five, the four, the five Cs and then all of the Ps. Same as I'm doing. I'll show you their brand review that I've started to draft in a sec. Okay. So they're saying the same thing and they charge them whatever they charge them. Okay. I'm like, oh, okay. So that's not good. That's good. Okay. All right. We're going to look at this. We're going to audit the trends that this, the that that you're doing the same with auditing Amazon, right? Like so far, same two things. Objective of the deck and agenda. Okay. Do you see the parallels? Yes. Okay. So so far it's the same. It's just kind of they're doing business review, which now I'm redoing five years later, a little bit different, but conceptually the same. And you're doing one of them, like, you know, point number nine, Amazon audit. Okay. Which they didn't do. Okay. Trends, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Are they audit, audit, audit, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And you can have access to all these documents if you want. Okay. Blah, blah, blah. Okay. Then they're like, so business review, key issues indicated, action. Right. The brain is always like that. I learned it at png. But all of these content people that are showing up in our feed, they all know the same thing. So they're showing up on our feed because they're good and they're good because they know this stuff, okay? So here they're like, oh, okay, well, we want more consumers to buy our healthier options. We want to appeal emotionally. Okay, we'll talk about that in a sec. You have to balance emotional and rational. Hey, we want to appeal to Gen Z's millennials, which is saying nothing. Hey, we want to go on the go. Hey, we want to, you know, convey health claims and then, hey, you know, what are the benefits? Ingredients. Nutrient. Like, okay, so it's kind of just high level General Marketing 101 stuff. Then they're like, oh, there's barriers. And I don't, I don't want to get into too much detail because we'll eat up the meeting, but this is super important. Like, like, so I need, like, because we're working together, like, I need you to, to know the 30 years of brand. Whether it's a CMO, a brand manager, a marketing director or an agency, it's all the same. Like what I'm showing you now is all the same. Like, get any decent agency. Bridgemark is like a, a smaller, not as strategic agency, but it doesn't matter. Boom. Same, right? Like this deck is good. Whatever they paid for it, it's good. Don't know what, where they netted out of the positioning was okay back then. Arlene thinks it's bad. I think it's kind of bad. Like the packaging's bad, but the process is good. So there's the process which I'm co. Like, I'm, like I'm sharing so that we'll speak the same language. And then there's the content behind the process. So weaker agencies, weaker strategies, weaker planning, weaker CMOs have weaker recommendations and wrong conclusions and issues and then stronger ones. Have stronger ones. Right? But the process is the same as you go through the process, what you pull out of it. Same with you, right? Like a, a strong Amazon agency probably follows a very similar process to your process. Right? And a really, really good one will have better recommendations and implementation to get better results than a weaker one. Okay. Like, so it's, it's all the same. Like parallel, parallel, parallel. So here they're saying, oh, by the way, we have to be really careful of healthy. Right? So healthy is a word. Like I basically told them I don't even want to have healthy on the. Well, certainly not in the packaging. But I'm debate. I don't think it should be on the brand positioning. But you can help me with keywords, right? Because like that word, if we wind up putting it on the brand positioning in the brand Benefit statement is I think very dangerous. Okay? So because it, it means different things to different people. So again, remember that there's brand positioning, which is an internal strategy document and then there's the outward facing the concept and then the, the, the, the, the words used in the marketing mix, they should be the same. So if you put healthy, a healthier snack as your benefit statement in your brand positioning, if they put a healthier snack then the, like the ads should say your brand benefit, right? Pantene is healthier, shinier hair. The, the ads say healthier, shinier hair. Apple is about simplicity. Like the ads say, you know, it's easy, right? Like Nike is about performance. Like the ads say just do it right. Like so the words you put on your brand benefit statement are really, really important because they're your big idea for your brand. So do we want to have a fun. The five different areas we're exploring for their brand benefit right now. I didn't put it on the packaging brief. Let me see if I have it in the draft business review. I'll show you the draft business review and you can review these documents after. So you just have to catch up. I'm doing you accelerated coaching on stuff. But the more you understand the brand model to grow a brand of which Amazon is one of five tactics, the more first of all, the more it's cool because we can work together and the more like that's kind of how it works, right? Big Amazon agencies know this because consumer packaged goods, if you're in that industry, you're working with client and agencies and the people who get to the top or who start new agencies, they're all experts. So we all talk the same language at the top. And then the good companies, it goes down through their culture and through generations weak little one off agencies. And you're like a new little five year agency. You don't have like you don't have a founder that has my experience. So you're just doing, you know, whatever. But as you get bigger, we all speak the same language, right? Because agencies have been founded by marketers or they hire marketers and vi and they present to clients. So obviously we all have to speak the same language to coexist. Exactly. So you're getting an accelerated version of that because you don't have 10 years of working at General Mills in their Amazon division. Like you know, I hired the guy I hired at Lovegood fats, he was 10 years at Procter and Gamble and then he became Lovegood Fats director of digital. Okay, right. So we, we spoke all the same language because he had 10 years at P&G. PNG is one of the best, you know, CPG out there. So plus it's mine. Right. So we had the same background. You don't have any of that stuff. So I kind of have to do like 80% catch you up and 20% get done. So soon it'll be the other way around. You know, it'll be 80% we're getting done together and 20% it's like, oh, I didn't realize this. And like, okay, this is a new thing we hadn't talked about yet. Okay. So it'll flip it around soon. But this is their business review. So therefore the deck objective, assess the state of the business, identify the the future brand architecture. I'm going to move this down here. So this is the objective of the business review of the business review to figure out. So here is the business review phase which is the five C's and the ten P's Okay. So that's kind of. And that's Suzy's five P method. Right. Like that kind of is Suzy's four P method which we're going to talk more is on my website and is going to be my niche. The same as your niche is supplements. Right. Like we each I think are landing on something kind of special. That method is a business review that looks at the five Cs and the 10 Ps maybe I'll put is part of the overall like Susie's method which I'm branding four piece method to grow a business. Right. So my brand positioning is obsessed with growth experienced CMO that will grow your brand no matter what brand it is. How do I do it? The Suzy's 4Pmethod. What is the Susie's 4/plus what is the Suzy's 4 method? Boom. You know, if I'm working on my website so you can see it flow. But it's like, you know, you go through a business review, you go through the planning cycle and I can show you the decks I presented to them to get this contract. But it kind of says all of that stuff. And if you want to read all that, like I can send you two or three things to read. Yeah. So then you'll kind of see how I pitch and why I get hired. And I think I showed you like I showed you one of them here. It's in here. But this is all my consulting stuff. Modules pitch. Okay. So this is just kind of the one I use the most often. So a Module approach for planning. So, you know, here's what I can do for you. I can help you grow your brand. Why? Well, here's a bit about me. Oh, by the way, I work with Lena for research. Oh, by the way, this is what I do, right? I take ideas to grow into roi. So growth. Here are the modules that you can buy from me. Like you can do modules too, right? Like one is the business review model. Two is strategic planning. Model three is annual planning module four is innovation. And five is, you know, you hire me to execute like you and a retainer. So my five is like you and a retainer. Okay, so here's, let's talk about the three P's, the fourth PSP L. So here's, here's the process. Hey, a business review. I'm going to go through the category, a brand deep dive, focus on the gaps and then come up with the business plan. By the way, everything, everything, everything, everything starts with the brand positioning. So that's like the, always the most important. Hey, you know, I used to have pricing here. I took it off. These are the different models hire me. And then here's kind of how it looks. Oh, this one I left the dollars amount so I should remind myself. But this is kind of how I work. And then I'm like, okay, if by the way, for example, module four is innovation. Here's an example, module four. It also has five steps within model four. And we do concept work. Like they hired me to do concept testing to optimize the positioning. So I'm going to send you this and you need to read it after the call because it's super, super important. So they hired me for brand positioning to optimize their positioning. So we will do a concept. This is an example of a concept, right? So there's a title, there's a, there's a packaging, there's an insight, a problem set up a benefit and an rtb. Love good fats, of course. And this is a bit about me, blah, blah, blah. Okay, so we're, they've hired me to do concept testing. We're probably going to do, you know, five different positioning. So let me just drop you, Let me just drop you the. Oh, actually, let me, that's easy. Let me just take a copy. Actually, I'll, I'll drop you the, the, the PowerPoint version. Copy and paste. So this is my life. Like I've done 12 years of consulting and I use all this. I took a break like of seven years but now I'm getting back into it. And I'm building my brand, which is I'm happy we're working together because you can be Lena's my right hand for research. You can be my right hand for Amazon. Does that make sense? Yep. Okay, so I'm just going to add a folder here and I'll just call it Suzy's Healthy Me Files. Okay, so Healthy me means my consulting files. Okay, so definitely reread this one. I have a bunch. Like, this is just one of them. I'll kind of show you. I have other versions. Like, and then, you know, depending what I do. Like, for example, I have like 20 proposals in here. I can show you some of them. But here, I adapted it. I said, hey, you know, here's what I do. Here are all my clients, blah, blah, blah, same pages, right? But then I said, oh, this is what I can do for you. And I detail that out. And that's what I did for three farmers. Like, this is what I can do for you. Okay? And then, yeah, the rest is the same. Let me just show you the three farmers one quickly. So the three farmers one is here. Oops. Okay, so this is the last one. They had to change it a bunch of times, and we did it in word. So my, My consulting agreement's usually in word. And I can send you this too. I had to change this a bunch of times because they had a subsidy and a grant, and part of the subsidy and grant, they have to have the grant. Iraq or whatever. Iraq grant pays for certain things. It pays for market research, but not for whatever R and D it. It pays for positioning but not packaging, whatever. Right. I'm making it up, but it pays for certain things that I don't remember exactly. So she had to reward it. But here's my consulting agreement. Okay? Engagement of services. I use the form they wanted. So engagement of services. This is the term. This is my compensation. And I'm spending way more hours than I thought. So that's going to be a bit of a learning. Here's my responsibility. So this is their form of the contract. So they took my contract proposal and she formatted into her. This is her format, like with blue and stuff. Okay? Termination, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Okay, so you're. If you work with them, your contract that we'll look at next, she may or may not turn it into this. They're a little bit like, They're. They're pretty, like for a small company. They're very, very. I can show you some other strategic documents. They're. They're very, very they have, like, 10 years, but I think they have seven years with a board. And then with Arlene, like, they're very, very discipline with the documents and stuff. Here, let me just show you this last one, and then let's come back. Okay. So I'm. I'm kind of. I don't know if you're following because I'm going really quickly, but I'm doing big picture kind of process and then. Exact, exact examples. Let me show you. I want to show you. My pitch to them. Okay. Oh, wait, I. I think I kept it. I. I had like. Like, I literally, like, soham. I did 10 hours unpaid to pitch them. 10 hours. So this is my longest pitch ever. Okay. But then, you know, but then I charge them. Right. Then I charge them for that. Once I got the thing, like, I, you know, I kind of built it into my price. Okay, so let me just show you this. Okay. Okay. So these are, like, you know, I think I did three different proposals. Let's look at the second one. I think this is the second one. Now this is theirs. Wait, let me look at my. Okay, so this is my format. Okay, so this is. And I'll. I'll copy this right away for you. This is my format. Has my logo, has a title. So you can use this format. Right. Thank you for this objective. Like, we'll look at yours next, but I'll just show you what I did here. Here's the engagement. So you would have the same. Right. What's the objective of your engagement? You have it on your last two pages. Right. In the pricing. That's okay. I have a document, too, where they can sign it. So that's different. Yeah, but it should Also all these three documents, like the document to sign and the PowerPoint and I guess two documents. Right. The document to sign, the contract, the proposal, and the PowerPoint should all use the same words and should always have kind of similar thing. Right. Objective of the engagement. So we'll add that to your PowerPoint. Like, right now, I just want to show you this. We're gonna do these changes to your PowerPoint together, but I'm just kind of showing you everything compressed because I do consulting. You do consulting? I've been doing it for 10 years. You've been doing it for six years. We do the same thing, and now we're doing it together. So. Yes. Just to get language right. So your PowerPoint and letter will have the same thing. Here's the objective. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3. Here's my approach. Okay, so this is what she's paid me for. We're nearly done with step one. First, I'm going to do a mini business review and they're going to pound me. They're going to want an update next week. So I have to work through the weekend because I'll show you the business review. There's still a lot of work to do. Okay. First I said, give me four weeks to do an actual business review, which is the deck I was showing you. Then we're going to do concept optimization. Okay. So what we're going to do is we're going to explore two to four positionings, and then we're going to also, in parallel, hire an agency per packaging. And then we're going to have, let's say, three positionings each. We're going to ask the agency to give us three options of packaging for each of the three positioning. And then we're going to go into consumer research. Okay, so we're in that process right now. The three or four positionings. I'll tell you what they are in a sec. And we had, you know, six meetings with agencies. We have three more tomorrow, Friday, two more Monday, Tuesday. And then we're going to pick the agency. So we're doing this right now. Okay. Then we're going to have an agency. Then there's a packaging brief, and we're going to say these are the three or four positioning options. So I'm going to write three concepts and then we're going to sweat the words. One will have the word healthy, one will have this, one will have that. Okay. And then we're going to agree to the three or four. The agency is going to do packaging, we're going to put them together, and we're going to do consumer research with the database. Okay. So that's why when I said here, when I said, you know, this, this is. I just explained to you in detail, like this sentence, okay? So that's what I'm doing in January with them. Then in February, once we have the winning concept, you know, once we have. Once we land on the winning concept, slash positioning, then, you know, and it's good because Brittany has. No. Most people, many, many people don't know the process of positioning. So once we land on that, then we can update everything. Right. So what I was asking you here is these are words that they're using and they're not easy to understand. So tell me why they're not easy to understand. Can we go on Amazon CA and search for their Variety pack? Yeah. Dot ca. Yeah. Tree farmers. You can search for tree farmers. Yeah. So I'll help you. You're like the techie guy and I'll help you kind of. I'm like your little, you know, compressor in the middle. That makes sense of what's in your brain. Okay, so tell me. Yeah. The first product. So don't click on it. Yeah. Now from this, if someone searches for. No one will. Okay, let me restart. Let's say if we want to acquire customers on Amazon, we are not going to do that. If someone searches for three farmers, because in that case, they already know it. Now, if someone searches for Healthy Snacks. Yep. Healthy Snacks. Like those are the keywords you pulled last time, right? Healthy snacks. Yes. You get everything right. You get this stuff like. Yes. Why are these stacks? Why is Nature Garden showing up? Exactly. If you scroll down, our product will also show up. I mean, Three Farmers product also shows up, but you have to scroll a little bit farther and it may not show up all the time. Let's see if we can find it. Okay, there. Oh, there you go. So now, I mean, why would somebody click on this listing if someone search for Healthy Snacks and then there is no indication at all from the main image and the title that it's a healthy snack option? Why would someone click on it, first of all? Yeah. So you can't present like this to the client. Right. You have to solve it. Like, you, like, you have to show your expertise. So you don't ask questions. Of course not. You answer the question. Right. So what? So pretend I'm the client. Like, just like, show me your expertise. I asked you a simple question. The simple question is, what do you mean they're not easy to understand? So just answer that question. Okay, I was just. Okay. All right. So if someone searches for that, it needs to be clear from the main image and the title, whatever shows up in the search results so that they are intrigued and clicks on the product and then checks out what else is on the product detail page before making the purchase. Purchase decision. So that's what I mean by it's not clear. Let's say the Healthy Snack option. That's the Healthy snack is not clear on the product listing. And we need to. Yeah, but you're missing. We're missing. Like, we're missing one step before. Like, why do we decide that Healthy Snack is the right keyword? Right. Like, you're missing the first. The first step in, in digital and online is. Is keywords. So this probably box should go first. Right. Like, you're like, who. Why is Healthy snack, the right keyword to focus on. So let's just move this around, right? Like, like, you know, keywords align. So key findings, some high value and opportunity keywords are missing. Are missing. So the first step is here, right? This is step one. So I'm going to even put a one with, with digital. It always starts with who's your target? What keywords do you want to go like? Right. So, so always, always. So it's probably then two. So one is what are the keywords? Two is therefore once we strategically agree. And you can charge for that. Right. Like the keyword analysis. I've paid $1,000 for that a bunch of times. Right. It's part of. When you hire a consultant, the first thing they want to do is align to the keywords. Because if you're not aligned to the keywords, we have exactly what we have now, which is you're saying healthy snacks not easy to understand. And I'm like, well, is healthy. Heavily snack is not the brand positioning. Yeah, yeah, right. It like it's. So why are you telling me that we have to be number one in healthy snacks? Like I. In brand positioning, we won't be because I don't think because it's a strong word, but it might be. Right, like concept testing.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Up for important documents. But for this chat, we'll just keep little things. So I think number one is we want to prepare for 3F. Number two is I think we want to, you know, continue to. To find. Like we want to finalize. The first thing is kind of like your B to C growth plan. Like, like, I think we're like 90% there. A B2B growth plan. And then number three is I think we want to work the plan. Like we want to then take a few buckets and work them. Because the magic is in both having a good plan and then working the plan. So let's start with 3F. Do you want maybe share my screen?

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Or. Okay, So it's loading. It's a little bit slow. Okay. It's sharing, right?

Speaker B: Yes. Yep.

Speaker A: Okay, it was a bit slow. Okay, so let's go into our Dropbox. So. Oh, three farmers. Okay, so which one? The proposal?

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. The first one. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. We cannot be shocking them on the. They're pretty frugal. So we kind of have to take little steps.

Speaker B: Huh? That's how they thought.

Speaker A: So. Yeah, you have to be careful. Okay, so first we're missing. We're missing a page. So. Okay, so what's the objective of this deck? You always have this as the first page. So what's the objective of this deck? Is to share. Right. Share. Top line findings. Of a cursory. Okay, like I have breadcrumbs in my s. Cursory review of Amazon results and make recommendations and align to recommendation. Okay, so this is what the deck is supposed to do. So you're basically going to share some findings and then make a recommendation. So the agenda of this deck is going to be what? Oh, these are my pages I have added.

Speaker B: Yes, yours. The two pages. There's one before this. So I have added my points. These are edited ones, but in your format. This one is not really formatted. Well, I just kept it so that we can talk about it and then we'll decide. And this is also. I kept two pages. We'll decide what to keep.

Speaker A: Okay, but.

Speaker B: This is not more like a recommendation. Recommendations are in the chart in the table. But this is. Out of all those things. What do we do now? That's what I mentioned here.

Speaker A: Okay, but where's your. Okay, so. So this is good. But.

Speaker B: Let's move the objectives and agenda to the second position. Second slide. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oops.

Speaker A: Okay, so this I think is good. So we'll start with. So this is key findings and indicated action. So key findings so you see how I kind of organize things. Then two is going to be. I don't know if we want to go. What's this here?

Speaker B: This is ad audit. So they gave me the reports. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And then pricing in the end.

Speaker A: Yeah, this is kind of. You need timing also. Okay, so let's review this. So here it's going to be validate positioning by a concept research. So that's Susie. I'm doing that. So that's kind of the first step. And then the second step, once that's done. So that's going to be Jen Finn. Once that's done, then you know. Is it Brittany? Who's the lady? Who's. It's Brittany, right?

Speaker B: Brittany, yes.

Speaker A: Then Britney and the partner. And the Amazon partner, which I. Did you figure out, are they using someone right now as an Amazon partner?

Speaker B: Well, they're advertising, so someone must be doing that. I don't know whether it's Brittany. Britney probably is not doing it. She looks like a social media person. And also she does videography. And also. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, so why don't I put this. How do you spell Brittany? B, R, A. Is there two N's or one N?

Speaker B: I don't know. I don't know. I think double T. Right, Brittany? Let's see.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So number one is I'm gonna lead the positioning. And then number two, once we have the positioning, Brittany and the Amazon partner, which we are going to hope is you. But here we're just kind of saying like, you've done a free audit and this is what you recommend, Right? You recommend to hire you. But we're on the first page. Okay, So what's this? These are. I'll just say, for example. For example, these are powerful keywords. Is that true?

Speaker B: Not all keywords. These are the talking points. You can say, or the way I say talking.

Speaker A: Talking points.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. Current, these are. So are you saying that these are strong talking points and they're not communicating them? Are you saying this is what they're communicating?

Speaker B: Well, they have these things in the listing, but it's not really clear.

Speaker A: So let's say it's okay.

Speaker B: No, no, these are there. And I'm not suggesting that we have to change it. Everything's there, but it's not easy to understand. So, for example, healthy snacking. That's our healthy snack. That itself is a keyword. If we make it easy to understand. Right. From the search result, then people would, first of all click more on our listing.

Speaker A: So use an example. And remember, these two women are super smart, but they're also like many, many, many entrepreneurs, super practical. So we're just doing a dry run. So tell me, I'm still trying to understand what you're saying. So what do you mean? So I'm just, I just typed up I like what you said. So they're using these current talking points. However, they're not as easy to understand. So what I'm kind of saying is two things. One is as we concept work to validate the positioning, we may realize that, you know, roasted, never fried, like, is like number 10 instead of number three, let's say. Right. I'm just making it up. So we're going to validate reasons to believe and benefits, but we're going to get consumer data to say what's stronger or not. So we'll come back and we'll say, hey, you know that guarantee is important minimally, process is important, has no saturated fat, needs to come off. Right. For example, okay, we're going to have like a chart and we're going to say this is all what the consumer is saying. Okay. So the first step is to find out like, because what they have now is from 5 years ago concept work. So the first phase is the brand positioning. And in the brand positioning, similar to your brand positioning, which I'll open right now just so we, you know, I can refer it to you, is oops. Okay, so their brand positioning, which I'm paid to do, like I'm paid to do this for them. Okay. Target insight, enemy brand benefits, which right now it's not tight enough. Like there's three or four different options and then the RTBs, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. Right. I'm going to do this for their brand because it's not tight enough. If you look, I'll just take a two second pause and then I'll, we'll come back. If you look at their current brand positioning. Okay, so I'm going to go in. Oh, sorry. Yeah, Business reviews. Okay. So if you go into the last time they rebranded. So this soham applies for every client, like the stuff we're talking about now. Every client, last 30 years, next 30 years. Okay. Like this is my job, like as a marketer, this is our job. So this is what they did five years ago without me to rebrand. Okay. So I'm just going to kind of show you they hired an agency, not me, they hired an agency to say, hey, let's look at an audit. So you're doing an Amazon audit. This was a brand agency who did an Audit very similar to what we're doing. Right. So I'm doing a little bit of this because I'm doing a brand review. They did it from an agency perspective. Agencies are not that good at brand strategy. That's not their job. But they try to make money and make it their job for smaller brands because people like me are expensive and hard to find good ones. There's a lot of bad, weak brand managers out there. And even when you hire a brand manager, they don't know what I'm talking about. Like they. No one's learning this anymore. Okay. So agencies do this type of stuff. So five years ago, they did a mini business review. Brand assessment. They said, look like a business review. Right? So I'm doing the business review, which I'll show you the deck in two seconds. But they're saying, hey, let us do a mini business review like a CMO would do. Like, we're going to get a better understanding of this and we're going to better understand the brand, the consumers. Like the five, the four, the five Cs and then all of the Ps. Same as I'm doing. I'll show you their brand review that I've started to draft in a sec. Okay. So they're saying the same thing and they charge them whatever they charge them. Okay. I'm like, oh, okay. So that's not good. That's good. Okay. All right. We're going to look at this. We're going to audit the trends that this, the that that you're doing the same with auditing Amazon, right? Like so far, same two things. Objective of the deck and agenda. Okay. Do you see the parallels?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay. So so far it's the same. It's just kind of they're doing business review, which now I'm redoing five years later, a little bit different, but conceptually the same. And you're doing one of them, like, you know, point number nine, Amazon audit. Okay. Which they didn't do. Okay. Trends, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Are they audit, audit, audit, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And you can have access to all these documents if you want. Okay. Blah, blah, blah. Okay. Then they're like, so business review, key issues indicated, action. Right. The brain is always like that. I learned it at png. But all of these content people that are showing up in our feed, they all know the same thing. So they're showing up on our feed because they're good and they're good because they know this stuff, okay? So here they're like, oh, okay, well, we want more consumers to buy our healthier options. We want to appeal emotionally. Okay, we'll talk about that in a sec. You have to balance emotional and rational. Hey, we want to appeal to Gen Z's millennials, which is saying nothing. Hey, we want to go on the go. Hey, we want to, you know, convey health claims and then, hey, you know, what are the benefits? Ingredients. Nutrient. Like, okay, so it's kind of just high level General Marketing 101 stuff. Then they're like, oh, there's barriers. And I don't, I don't want to get into too much detail because we'll eat up the meeting, but this is super important. Like, like, so I need, like, because we're working together, like, I need you to, to know the 30 years of brand. Whether it's a CMO, a brand manager, a marketing director or an agency, it's all the same. Like what I'm showing you now is all the same. Like, get any decent agency. Bridgemark is like a, a smaller, not as strategic agency, but it doesn't matter. Boom. Same, right? Like this deck is good. Whatever they paid for it, it's good. Don't know what, where they netted out of the positioning was okay back then. Arlene thinks it's bad. I think it's kind of bad. Like the packaging's bad, but the process is good. So there's the process which I'm co. Like, I'm, like I'm sharing so that we'll speak the same language. And then there's the content behind the process. So weaker agencies, weaker strategies, weaker planning, weaker CMOs have weaker recommendations and wrong conclusions and issues and then stronger ones. Have stronger ones. Right? But the process is the same as you go through the process, what you pull out of it. Same with you, right? Like a, a strong Amazon agency probably follows a very similar process to your process. Right? And a really, really good one will have better recommendations and implementation to get better results than a weaker one. Okay. Like, so it's, it's all the same. Like parallel, parallel, parallel. So here they're saying, oh, by the way, we have to be really careful of healthy. Right? So healthy is a word. Like I basically told them I don't even want to have healthy on the. Well, certainly not in the packaging. But I'm debate. I don't think it should be on the brand positioning. But you can help me with keywords, right? Because like that word, if we wind up putting it on the brand positioning in the brand Benefit statement is I think very dangerous. Okay? So because it, it means different things to different people. So again, remember that there's brand positioning, which is an internal strategy document and then there's the outward facing the concept and then the, the, the, the, the words used in the marketing mix, they should be the same. So if you put healthy, a healthier snack as your benefit statement in your brand positioning, if they put a healthier snack then the, like the ads should say your brand benefit, right? Pantene is healthier, shinier hair. The, the ads say healthier, shinier hair. Apple is about simplicity. Like the ads say, you know, it's easy, right? Like Nike is about performance. Like the ads say just do it right. Like so the words you put on your brand benefit statement are really, really important because they're your big idea for your brand. So do we want to have a fun. The five different areas we're exploring for their brand benefit right now. I didn't put it on the packaging brief. Let me see if I have it in the draft business review. I'll show you the draft business review and you can review these documents after. So you just have to catch up. I'm doing you accelerated coaching on stuff. But the more you understand the brand model to grow a brand of which Amazon is one of five tactics, the more first of all, the more it's cool because we can work together and the more like that's kind of how it works, right? Big Amazon agencies know this because consumer packaged goods, if you're in that industry, you're working with client and agencies and the people who get to the top or who start new agencies, they're all experts. So we all talk the same language at the top. And then the good companies, it goes down through their culture and through generations weak little one off agencies. And you're like a new little five year agency. You don't have like you don't have a founder that has my experience. So you're just doing, you know, whatever. But as you get bigger, we all speak the same language, right? Because agencies have been founded by marketers or they hire marketers and vi and they present to clients. So obviously we all have to speak the same language to coexist.

Speaker B: Exactly.

Speaker A: So you're getting an accelerated version of that because you don't have 10 years of working at General Mills in their Amazon division. Like you know, I hired the guy I hired at Lovegood fats, he was 10 years at Procter and Gamble and then he became Lovegood Fats director of digital. Okay, right. So we, we spoke all the same language because he had 10 years at P&G. PNG is one of the best, you know, CPG out there. So plus it's mine. Right. So we had the same background. You don't have any of that stuff. So I kind of have to do like 80% catch you up and 20% get done. So soon it'll be the other way around. You know, it'll be 80% we're getting done together and 20% it's like, oh, I didn't realize this. And like, okay, this is a new thing we hadn't talked about yet. Okay. So it'll flip it around soon. But this is their business review. So therefore the deck objective, assess the state of the business, identify the the future brand architecture. I'm going to move this down here. So this is the objective of the business review of the business review to figure out. So here is the business review phase which is the five C's and the ten P's Okay. So that's kind of. And that's Suzy's five P method. Right. Like that kind of is Suzy's four P method which we're going to talk more is on my website and is going to be my niche. The same as your niche is supplements. Right. Like we each I think are landing on something kind of special. That method is a business review that looks at the five Cs and the 10 Ps maybe I'll put is part of the overall like Susie's method which I'm branding four piece method to grow a business. Right. So my brand positioning is obsessed with growth experienced CMO that will grow your brand no matter what brand it is. How do I do it? The Suzy's 4Pmethod. What is the Susie's 4/plus what is the Suzy's 4 method? Boom. You know, if I'm working on my website so you can see it flow. But it's like, you know, you go through a business review, you go through the planning cycle and I can show you the decks I presented to them to get this contract. But it kind of says all of that stuff. And if you want to read all that, like I can send you two or three things to read. Yeah. So then you'll kind of see how I pitch and why I get hired. And I think I showed you like I showed you one of them here. It's in here. But this is all my consulting stuff. Modules pitch. Okay. So this is just kind of the one I use the most often. So a Module approach for planning. So, you know, here's what I can do for you. I can help you grow your brand. Why? Well, here's a bit about me. Oh, by the way, I work with Lena for research. Oh, by the way, this is what I do, right? I take ideas to grow into roi. So growth. Here are the modules that you can buy from me. Like you can do modules too, right? Like one is the business review model. Two is strategic planning. Model three is annual planning module four is innovation. And five is, you know, you hire me to execute like you and a retainer. So my five is like you and a retainer. Okay, so here's, let's talk about the three P's, the fourth PSP L. So here's, here's the process. Hey, a business review. I'm going to go through the category, a brand deep dive, focus on the gaps and then come up with the business plan. By the way, everything, everything, everything, everything starts with the brand positioning. So that's like the, always the most important. Hey, you know, I used to have pricing here. I took it off. These are the different models hire me. And then here's kind of how it looks. Oh, this one I left the dollars amount so I should remind myself. But this is kind of how I work. And then I'm like, okay, if by the way, for example, module four is innovation. Here's an example, module four. It also has five steps within model four. And we do concept work. Like they hired me to do concept testing to optimize the positioning. So I'm going to send you this and you need to read it after the call because it's super, super important. So they hired me for brand positioning to optimize their positioning. So we will do a concept. This is an example of a concept, right? So there's a title, there's a, there's a packaging, there's an insight, a problem set up a benefit and an rtb. Love good fats, of course. And this is a bit about me, blah, blah, blah. Okay, so we're, they've hired me to do concept testing. We're probably going to do, you know, five different positioning. So let me just drop you, Let me just drop you the. Oh, actually, let me, that's easy. Let me just take a copy. Actually, I'll, I'll drop you the, the, the PowerPoint version. Copy and paste. So this is my life. Like I've done 12 years of consulting and I use all this. I took a break like of seven years but now I'm getting back into it. And I'm building my brand, which is I'm happy we're working together because you can be Lena's my right hand for research. You can be my right hand for Amazon. Does that make sense?

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: Okay, so I'm just going to add a folder here and I'll just call it Suzy's Healthy Me Files. Okay, so Healthy me means my consulting files. Okay, so definitely reread this one. I have a bunch. Like, this is just one of them. I'll kind of show you. I have other versions. Like, and then, you know, depending what I do. Like, for example, I have like 20 proposals in here. I can show you some of them. But here, I adapted it. I said, hey, you know, here's what I do. Here are all my clients, blah, blah, blah, same pages, right? But then I said, oh, this is what I can do for you. And I detail that out. And that's what I did for three farmers. Like, this is what I can do for you. Okay? And then, yeah, the rest is the same. Let me just show you the three farmers one quickly. So the three farmers one is here. Oops. Okay, so this is the last one. They had to change it a bunch of times, and we did it in word. So my, My consulting agreement's usually in word. And I can send you this too. I had to change this a bunch of times because they had a subsidy and a grant, and part of the subsidy and grant, they have to have the grant. Iraq or whatever. Iraq grant pays for certain things. It pays for market research, but not for whatever R and D it. It pays for positioning but not packaging, whatever. Right. I'm making it up, but it pays for certain things that I don't remember exactly. So she had to reward it. But here's my consulting agreement. Okay? Engagement of services. I use the form they wanted. So engagement of services. This is the term. This is my compensation. And I'm spending way more hours than I thought. So that's going to be a bit of a learning. Here's my responsibility. So this is their form of the contract. So they took my contract proposal and she formatted into her. This is her format, like with blue and stuff. Okay? Termination, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Okay, so you're. If you work with them, your contract that we'll look at next, she may or may not turn it into this. They're a little bit like, They're. They're pretty, like for a small company. They're very, very. I can show you some other strategic documents. They're. They're very, very they have, like, 10 years, but I think they have seven years with a board. And then with Arlene, like, they're very, very discipline with the documents and stuff. Here, let me just show you this last one, and then let's come back. Okay. So I'm. I'm kind of. I don't know if you're following because I'm going really quickly, but I'm doing big picture kind of process and then. Exact, exact examples. Let me show you. I want to show you. My pitch to them. Okay. Oh, wait, I. I think I kept it. I. I had like. Like, I literally, like, soham. I did 10 hours unpaid to pitch them. 10 hours. So this is my longest pitch ever.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: But then, you know, but then I charge them.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Then I charge them for that. Once I got the thing, like, I, you know, I kind of built it into my price. Okay, so let me just show you this. Okay. Okay. So these are, like, you know, I think I did three different proposals. Let's look at the second one. I think this is the second one. Now this is theirs. Wait, let me look at my. Okay, so this is my format. Okay, so this is. And I'll. I'll copy this right away for you. This is my format. Has my logo, has a title. So you can use this format. Right. Thank you for this objective. Like, we'll look at yours next, but I'll just show you what I did here. Here's the engagement. So you would have the same. Right. What's the objective of your engagement? You have it on your last two pages. Right. In the pricing.

Speaker B: That's okay. I have a document, too, where they can sign it. So that's different.

Speaker A: Yeah, but it should Also all these three documents, like the document to sign and the PowerPoint and I guess two documents. Right. The document to sign, the contract, the proposal, and the PowerPoint should all use the same words and should always have kind of similar thing. Right. Objective of the engagement. So we'll add that to your PowerPoint. Like, right now, I just want to show you this. We're gonna do these changes to your PowerPoint together, but I'm just kind of showing you everything compressed because I do consulting. You do consulting? I've been doing it for 10 years. You've been doing it for six years. We do the same thing, and now we're doing it together. So.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Just to get language right. So your PowerPoint and letter will have the same thing. Here's the objective. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3. Here's my approach. Okay, so this is what she's paid me for. We're nearly done with step one. First, I'm going to do a mini business review and they're going to pound me. They're going to want an update next week. So I have to work through the weekend because I'll show you the business review. There's still a lot of work to do. Okay. First I said, give me four weeks to do an actual business review, which is the deck I was showing you. Then we're going to do concept optimization. Okay. So what we're going to do is we're going to explore two to four positionings, and then we're going to also, in parallel, hire an agency per packaging. And then we're going to have, let's say, three positionings each. We're going to ask the agency to give us three options of packaging for each of the three positioning. And then we're going to go into consumer research. Okay, so we're in that process right now. The three or four positionings. I'll tell you what they are in a sec. And we had, you know, six meetings with agencies. We have three more tomorrow, Friday, two more Monday, Tuesday. And then we're going to pick the agency. So we're doing this right now. Okay. Then we're going to have an agency. Then there's a packaging brief, and we're going to say these are the three or four positioning options. So I'm going to write three concepts and then we're going to sweat the words. One will have the word healthy, one will have this, one will have that. Okay. And then we're going to agree to the three or four. The agency is going to do packaging, we're going to put them together, and we're going to do consumer research with the database.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So that's why when I said here, when I said, you know, this, this is. I just explained to you in detail, like this sentence, okay? So that's what I'm doing in January with them. Then in February, once we have the winning concept, you know, once we have. Once we land on the winning concept, slash positioning, then, you know, and it's good because Brittany has. No. Most people, many, many people don't know the process of positioning. So once we land on that, then we can update everything. Right. So what I was asking you here is these are words that they're using and they're not easy to understand. So tell me why they're not easy to understand.

Speaker B: Can we go on Amazon CA and search for their Variety pack?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Dot ca. Yeah. Tree farmers. You can search for tree farmers.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I'll help you. You're like the techie guy and I'll help you kind of. I'm like your little, you know, compressor in the middle. That makes sense of what's in your brain. Okay, so tell me.

Speaker B: Yeah. The first product. So don't click on it. Yeah. Now from this, if someone searches for. No one will. Okay, let me restart. Let's say if we want to acquire customers on Amazon, we are not going to do that. If someone searches for three farmers, because in that case, they already know it. Now, if someone searches for Healthy Snacks. Yep.

Speaker A: Healthy Snacks. Like those are the keywords you pulled last time, right? Healthy snacks.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: You get everything right. You get this stuff like.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Why are these stacks? Why is Nature Garden showing up?

Speaker B: Exactly. If you scroll down, our product will also show up. I mean, Three Farmers product also shows up, but you have to scroll a little bit farther and it may not show up all the time. Let's see if we can find it.

Speaker A: Okay, there.

Speaker B: Oh, there you go. So now, I mean, why would somebody click on this listing if someone search for Healthy Snacks and then there is no indication at all from the main image and the title that it's a healthy snack option? Why would someone click on it, first of all?

Speaker A: Yeah. So you can't present like this to the client. Right. You have to solve it. Like, you, like, you have to show your expertise. So you don't ask questions.

Speaker B: Of course not.

Speaker A: You answer the question. Right. So what? So pretend I'm the client. Like, just like, show me your expertise. I asked you a simple question. The simple question is, what do you mean they're not easy to understand? So just answer that question.

Speaker B: Okay, I was just. Okay.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: So if someone searches for that, it needs to be clear from the main image and the title, whatever shows up in the search results so that they are intrigued and clicks on the product and then checks out what else is on the product detail page before making the purchase. Purchase decision. So that's what I mean by it's not clear. Let's say the Healthy Snack option. That's the Healthy snack is not clear on the product listing. And we need to.

Speaker A: Yeah, but you're missing. We're missing. Like, we're missing one step before. Like, why do we decide that Healthy Snack is the right keyword? Right. Like, you're missing the first. The first step in, in digital and online is. Is keywords. So this probably box should go first. Right. Like, you're like, who. Why is Healthy snack, the right keyword to focus on. So let's just move this around, right? Like, like, you know, keywords align. So key findings, some high value and opportunity keywords are missing. Are missing. So the first step is here, right? This is step one. So I'm going to even put a one with, with digital. It always starts with who's your target? What keywords do you want to go like? Right. So, so always, always. So it's probably then two. So one is what are the keywords? Two is therefore once we strategically agree. And you can charge for that. Right. Like the keyword analysis. I've paid $1,000 for that a bunch of times. Right. It's part of. When you hire a consultant, the first thing they want to do is align to the keywords. Because if you're not aligned to the keywords, we have exactly what we have now, which is you're saying healthy snacks not easy to understand. And I'm like, well, is healthy. Heavily snack is not the brand positioning.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, right.

Speaker A: It like it's. So why are you telling me that we have to be number one in healthy snacks? Like I. In brand positioning, we won't be because I don't think because it's a strong word, but it might be. Right, like concept testing.

