Transcript for: Recording__580.mp4
Title: Recording #580
============================================================

One question we received so far is whether all products need testing for pesticide residues and thc, particularly if they are not contained they do not contain any botanical ingredients. In general, testing for pesticide residues and THC are required for products derived from any botanical ingredients. You will need to work with your lab to determine if this testing is required for your product. The third criteria requires that the product contain the ingredients and the amounts claimed on the product label. Lastly, the fourth criteria requires that the product does not contain undeclared active pharmaceutical ingredients, also known as APIs. This applies to dietary supplements classified as sexual enhancement, weight management and sports nutrition and bodybuilding. Additionally, dietary supplements must not make disease claims. This includes the product label and the product detail page. As briefly mentioned earlier, Amazon is working with third party testing, inspection and certification organizations. You can choose from any one of the third party organizations working with Amazon to conduct testing of your dietary supplement product. Amazon will not be accepting any documents directly from you as a selling partner or any organization that is not one of the third party testing, inspection and certification organizations that Amazon is working with. Examples of documents that Amazon will not be accepting includes the, but is not limited to test results, certificates of analysis known as coas, good Manufacturing Practice Certificates, evidence of product enrollment or participation in a third party quality certification program, and all others. If your product is already enrolled in NSF ANSI 173 certification or NSF 229 certification renewed annually, then your product meets the requirements of Amazon's policy. We will walk through in a later slide what actions you need to take if your product falls within this scope. Now let's understand what dietary supplements are. The United States Food and Drug Administration defines dietary supplements as intended to add to or supplement the diet and are different from conventional food. Supplements are ingested and come in many forms, including tablets, capsules, softgels, gel caps, powders, gummies and liquids. Common supplements include vitamins, minerals, botanicals or herbs, botanical compounds, amino acids and live microbials such as probiotics. At this current time, sexual enhancement, Weight management and sports nutrition bodybuilding dietary supplements have been specifically identified for action. As part of this policy, we continuously monitor regulatory and customer signals and as a result are prioritizing these subcategories of dietary supplements. As we expand these requirements, we will notify impacted selling partners accordingly. These three categories of dietary supplements require testing confirming that the product does not contain undeclared active pharmaceutical ingredients, also known as APIs. Now we will provide an overview of the listing requirements for dietary supplements in Amazon's US Store but before we start, ask your help answering these two poll questions to help us understand how much information you know about dietary supplements. So we're going to open the first poll question asking are you aware of what products are classified as dietary supplements? All right, we're seeing certain responses come in. Appreciate the participation there. We'll give another 10 more seconds to this one and we'll move on to the second question. All right, thanks for everyone who responded. I can get help from my colleagues on the other end here closing out that poll. And we're going to move to the second poll question asking if you understand Amazon policy on listing dietary supplements. Give folks another 10 seconds here. Appreciate the participation. All right, thank you everyone for participating in the poll. Appreciate the feedback. Thank you so much. Let's move ahead. Only dietary supplements with test results provided by one of the third party testing, inspection and certification organizations to Amazon that confirms your product's compliance with Amazon Policy are eligible for sale on Amazon's US Store and no further action is required. Here are the overall steps you will need to take to ensure your product is compliant with Amazon policy. We will detail each step on a later slide. All identified dietary supplement listings that require this action can be found within your Manage your compliance dashboard. You will have also received an initial email informing you of the identified ASINs that require your action. Not all dietary supplements may need action at this time, so if you don't receive a notice in your dashboard for your dietary supplement, then you do not need to take any action for those ASINs at this time. The first step is to initiate a test request form through your manager Compliance Dashboard through seller Central or Vendor central. You will need to submit a test request form to one of the third party testing, inspection and certification organizations for each impacted asin. The next step is to work with any of the third party testing, inspection and certification organizations of your choosing to conduct testing. You will need to work directly with the organization you have chosen to conduct testing of your product and you have the sole responsibility to provide all information requested to complete testing. Once testing has been completed by the third party testing inspection certification organization, this organization will provide the test result to you and Amazon directly. The test result provided can be found within your manager compliance dashboard. If the results provided by the third party organization confirm that your product is in compliance with Amazon's policy, the product is eligible for sale in Amazon's US Store. If Amazon receives a test result that indicates your product does not comply with Amazon's policy or if you do not take any action on your impacted asin, your listing may be suppressed. A test result confirming compliance of your product with Amazon's policy must be provided by the due date indicated on your Manager Compliance Dashboard or your product may be at risk of removal. Let's look at an example scenario. In this scenario, you are currently listing a dietary supplement called Supplement X from Best Brand. You received an email notification that your product has been identified as a dietary supplement requiring compliance action. When you review your Manager Compliance Dashboard, you find that the same ASIN has been identified as requiring compliance action with a due date of May 10, 2024. Now that we know the scenario, let's discuss what is required from you to ensure that your listing meets Amazon's policy for dietary supplements. In this scenario, your listing has been identified as a dietary supplement that requires verification through a third party testing, inspection and certification organization to confirm your product meets Amazon's dietary supplement Policy. In order to action, you will need to initiate a test request form with any of the listed third party organizations working with Amazon to continue to be able to sell your product on Amazon's US Store, we would require a test result provided by one of the third party organizations that confirms your product's compliance with Amazon Policy by the due date of May 10, 2024. If we do not receive a test result confirming compliance with Amazon's policy by this due date, your listing may be suppressed until such a test result is provided to Amazon by a third party testing, inspection and certification organization. Now that we understand the policy and its requirements, let's walk through how you can identify the impacted ASINs requiring your action and submit a test request form. Please note that the detailed steps may change, so please refer to your Manager Compliance Dashboard. The Latest Steps Overall, you can choose any one of the third party testing, inspection and certification organizations that Amazon is working with to conduct testing of your product. All requests for testing must be initiated through your Manager Compliance Dashboard. As mentioned earlier, Amazon will not be accepting any documents from you or any other organizations that are not one of the third party testing, inspection and certification organizations that Amazon is working with. If your product is already certified to NSF ANSI 173 or NSF 229 and renewed annually, this meets Amazon's policy requirements for dietary supplements. If your product falls into this category, please initiate a test request form through the dashboard specifically to NSF International and work directly with NSF International to have them validate and share compliance information with Amazon. If your product has testing that has already been conducted by an ISO 17025 accredited lab including accredited in house labs. You will still need to initiate a test request form for the impacted ASINs. You can provide this testing information directly to the third party testing, inspection and certification organization for them to verify if it meets Amazon's Dietary Supplement policy. Now let's walk through the detailed steps to submit requests for testing. The first step is to navigate to your Manager Compliance Dashboard within your Seller Central or Vendor Central account. Your Manager Compliance Dashboard can be found specifically on the bottom right hand side within your Account Health Dashboard by clicking on Product Compliance Requests as shown. All impacted dietary supplement ASINs that require compliance action can be found within your Manager Compliance Dashboard within the Incomplete Requests tab. The product category that will show up under Compliance Requirement will be Dietary Supplements as shown on the screenshot here. For the impacted dietary supplement ASINs, click on Add or Appeal Compliance under Action and then click on Request Lab service. Now you will need to provide some details to submit your test request form within the Create Lab service request window that popped up after you clicked on Request Lab service. Ensure the Dietary Supplements checkbox is selected under Issues and then populate the source factory location. Under Lab you will see the selection of third party testing, inspection and certification organizations that Amazon is working with. Select the organization of your choosing from within the drop down menu that you would like to conduct testing with. Once this information is populated, submit on Submit Request on the bottom right hand side to complete the initiation of the Test Request Form. Once the Test request form has been successfully submitted, you will see a request ID generated under the Compliance Requirements with a status of submitted on the right side as well as on the bottom under Status. Please also note that there is always an option to choose not to test and close your listing. To do so you will need to navigate back within your Manager Compliance Dashboard. Click on the downward arrow on the right of Add or Appeal compliance button and select Close Listing. In addition, there is always an option to cancel the current test request form and initiate a new test request form with another third party testing inspection and certification organization. To do this, click the Cancel Request button found under the Compliance Requirements section within each of your impacted dietary supplement ASINs. Before we move ahead, let's take a few seconds to respond to an additional poll question. Have my colleagues pull up the next poll and the question is going to be is the process of initiating a test request form through Seller Central or Vendor Central clear to you? All right, we're starting to see some responses come in. All right, take another 10 seconds. All right, we have a good number of responses. Looks like they've come in. So thanks everyone for participating. All right, next we'll walk through the process of testing your product. Once you've successfully initiated a test request form through your Manager Compliance Dashboard, you will receive an email notification within two business days from your chosen third party testing, inspection and certification organization. Please ensure that your contact information is up to date. Prior to submitting your test request form, you will need to work directly with a third party testing, inspection and certification organization that you've chosen in order to complete testing. You, as the selling partner, have the sole responsibility of completing testing for your product. This includes, but is not limited to providing requested information as well as costs incurred for testing. If you have previously obtained lab results, be sure to connect with the organization you have chosen to conduct testing with to verify if your product meets Amazon policy or if it requires further testing to do so. In the event that the review of your product by the third party testing, inspection and certification organization confirms non compliance of your product, possible options for resolution may be provided to you by the organization you have chosen to conduct testing with. To initiate the failure resolution process, you will need to work directly with the chosen third party organization and provide them with all necessary documents requested. This includes, but may not be limited to a corrective and preventative actions form, updated label or others. Please also note that there are certain types of non compliance that are not eligible for resolution options. As noted here, products containing undeclared active pharmaceutical ingredients do not have a resolution path. To understand more about the options for resolution, please work with your third party testing, inspection and certification organization that you've chosen to conduct testing with. Now let's check how you can view test results. After testing is completed, all test results will be provided to Amazon directly by the third party testing, inspection and certification organization you chose to conduct testing with. The same test result provided to Amazon can also be provided and viewed within your Manager Compliance Dashboard. As previously highlighted, only dietary supplement products with test results confirming compliance with Amazon's policy are eligible for sale on Amazon's USC Store. When the test results are provided to Amazon for your impacted asin, you will be able to see the document within the Compliance Requirements window within your Manager Compliance Dashboard as shown here. There will be a green sign that states documents available to the right side of the test Request ID and the status will show completed. You have the option to download and view your test result from here. The status of your overall testing results can be viewed from the main page of your Manager Compliant Dashboard under Compliance Status. If you're seeing the status under review the testing may still be in progress and your test results have not been provided to Amazon for a Status of Rejected. This means that the test result received by Amazon by the third party Testing, Inspection and Certification Organization does not confirm compliance of your product with Amazon Policy. Your listing will either remain suppressed or may be subject to removal on the due date indicated for that impacted ASIN for a Status of Approved. This means that the result received by Amazon by the third party organization confirms compliance with Amazon's policy. Your product is eligible for sale in Amazon's US Store and no further action is required. Now let's walk through how you can submit an appeal for your listing. If you believe that your product was incorrectly classified as a dietary supplement, or if you for any reason believe that this requirement does not apply to you, you can submit an appeal at any time. For the impacted ASINs that you would like to submit an appeal for, click on Add or Appeal Compliance under Action within your Manager Compliance Dashboard as shown here. Next, select the appeal Reason as this requirement does not apply to my product. There will be a free form text box under Appeal Reason titled Additional Comments. Within this text box provide the reasons why you believe your listing is incorrectly classified as a dietary supplement or why you believe this requirement does not apply to you. We would require this information in order to appropriately review and address your appeal. Once you have populated this information, click Submit to submit your appeal. Once you submit your appeal, your appeal will be reviewed by our team and you'll receive a response within your email. Please ensure your contact information is updated to receive a response to your appeal. In summary, only dietary supplements with test results confirming your product's compliance with Amazon Policy directly from a third party testing, inspection and certification organization are eligible for sale in Amazon's US Store. The test results must be provided directly to Amazon by one of the third party organizations chosen for testing. We are not accepting any documents from selling partners. Now that we've covered our policy on dietary supplements, let's open the floor to questions. Please submit your questions in the question box and we'll do our best to get through as many questions as we can with the time remaining. Please also note that any questions related to specific listings or ASINs are probably out of scope for this Q and A. If you have questions on your specific listing or asin, please follow the appeals pathway through your Manager compliance dashboard. All right, and I'm going to turn over my screen to one of my colleagues here. We can get into the questions. All right, thanks everybody for their patience here. All right, so we have A question that was asked here. Will there be a pricing card for supplement testing or will this be a standard rate? Thanks for that question. The cost is going to vary depending on the product. If you've got existing compliance data that already meets the Amazon policy, and depending on which third party testing, inspection and certification verifier that you choose to use. So it could be $0 if your product already has the NSF ANSI 173 certified. Or it could be, you know, many thousand dollars if you've got products with complex formulations or if there's no testing that can provide it, that complies with the compliance requirement. So again, we'd recommend connecting with the third party organizations to get more accurate pricing information because it will vary from product to product. Thank you for that. All right, so we have another question. Does this apply to all supplements or are there exceptions? Thank you for that question. So currently this policy applies to ASINs that have been identified as sexual enhancement, weight management, or sports nutrition and bodybuilding dietary supplements. I will note that we do continuously monitor regulatory and customer signals. So as a result, we're prioritizing these subcategories of dietary supplements. But should other categories of dietary supplements be in scope of this policy? We will notify impacted selling partners accordingly. Thank you for that question. All right, so we have a question from someone saying if we're GMP certified, do we still need to do the third party testing through the Amazon platform? So the answer to that is yes. Yeah. So Amazon does require this test result from the third party organization to verify that your product is in compliance with the policy. So that one component of that is verifying compliance with good manufacturing, current good manufacturing practices as set forth by the fda. But there's also other additional components, including testing for contaminants, making sure the product contains the ingredients claimed on the label, as well as making sure the products don't contain active pharmaceutical ingredients. So even if your product is verified for GMP certification by one of those third parties, we still require that test result from the organization to confirm that your product complies with the entirety of our policy, as noted. Thank you for that question. All right, so we have a question about how can labs get added to Amazon's list of approved labs. I searched online but couldn't find any info. Good question. So as of today, we have three third party testing, inspection and certification organizations. Those are nsf, Eurofins and ul. They are subject to change. So I would say please refer to your manager Compliance dashboard for the most up to Date list. All right, so we have a question. Why do we have products that have already been approved under the diet and weight loss and sexual wellness approval process now being flagged for needing to be submitted for approval yet again? Yeah, thank you for that question. You know, we know that some products have had previous information provided to Amazon, but this new policy that became effective on April 2, we are now requiring selling partners to verify that the supplements meet our policy via an approved third party verification process. So, so this makes sure that products offered in our store meet all of those criteria. So it's current good manufacturing process, it's checking for contaminants, making sure those products contain the ingredients on the label and that they don't contain active pharmaceutical ingredients. And again, I would emphasize that if your product already has testing conducted by an ISO 17025 accredited lab, you still need to initiate the test request form for your impacted ASINs, but you can work with that organization to provide any prior testing to them for review. So that includes any testing that you might have conducted from an outside lab. But also if your in house lab is an accredited lab, they will be able to review that information as well. And they're reviewing it to make sure that that prior testing complies with Amazon policy. Thank you for that question. All right, we have a question about timing. Is there a time frame or deadline in which Amazon will have all affected ASINs listing in the compliance portal? Thank you for that question. So at this time only the dietary supplement listings that appear within your manager compliance dashboard, those are the ones in the account health dashboard for vendor central require your action. So if any additional listings, any other listings are identified as dietary supplements that require your action, those will show up in your manage your compliance dashboard. So that's the most accurate place to look for that information. All right, we have a question. If you already use one of the listed third parties for release of your product, can you submit that data? I think we answered that in part, yeah. So if your product already has testing from an ISO 17025 accredited lab, you still need to submit the test request form and then work with your laboratory to see if that prior testing is sufficient to meet our policy. All right, we have a question. Is there different adulterate testing needed depending on whether the product is considered a sexual enhancement versus weight management product? It said previously Amazon required these adulterants to be tested for weight management products and these different adulterants to be tested for sexual enhancement products. Yeah. So for products classified as sexual enhancement, weight management or sports Nutrition and bodybuilding products do have to go certain adulterant testings for those looking for a citation. Those are adulterants that are outlined in NSF ANSI 173-2024. 5.3.514. So you can refer to that reference. I think we may have a link to it in our seller help page for more information. Thank you. All right, we have a question about is there a deadline in which Amazon will have all affected ASINs in both vendor central and seller central portals? I think that's similar to the question we answered above. Again, you can refer to your manager compliance dashboard to check for your impacted ASINs that'll have any dates and deadlines that apply for your products. We do also have links to that information that is available in the webinar handout, so you can use that resource as well. All right. Here just a second. All right, so we have a question. Does this new policy still require a GMP certificate from the approved third party list? So yes, one of the requirements of our policy is proof that the product is manufactured in a facility that complies with current good manufacturing practices GMP assessed forth by the fda. So yes, that is still a requirement. Okay, we have a question. Is this going to be an annual test that we need to get done every year? So yes, the testing and certification requirements are required on an annual basis with the new policy. We have a question. If we provide all documents and testing, will other sellers who sell the ASIN be required to also get the testing done and provide documents? So thank you for that question. Our priority is to provide safe and compliant products in our store. Our systems and policies are designed to benefit both our customers and selling partners. Certain documentation such as GMP may only be accessible through the manufacturer. We are aware of that. But therefore our policy does allow anyone offering an in scope product to engage in the third party testing, inspection certification service from our approved list and then to verify compliance for the products that they offer. Thanks. All right, question asking does this policy apply to over the counter OTC homeopathic formulas? Homeopathics are not the same in the same they say in the question. Homeopathics are not in the same legal category as dietary supplements and are not covered by dshea. So that's why I ask. Yeah. So your understanding is correct. OTC homeopathic products are out of scope for this policy. So it just applies to dietary supplements. All right. I have a question. At what level does Amazon expect to roll out compliance requests for supplement? So we continuously are monitoring for Regulatory and customer signals. That's why at this point we're prioritizing these specific categories of dietary supplements. But again, I just want to emphasize that should any other categories of dietary supplements be in scope of this policy in the future, we will notify the impacted selling partners accordingly. So thank you for that question. All right, question. Does every third party seller on a given listing need to have testing performed or. Or is the requirement satisfied once one seller, perhaps the brand owner, has furnished proof of testing? So again, our priority is to provide safe and effective compliant products in our store. So you know, our policy allows anyone offering an in scope product to engage with that third party organization to verify compliance of the product that they offer. We have a question. If my product has a lot of variations in terms of capsule size, do I have to get testing for each variation? It will be costly. Maybe one test per parent child variation. Okay, so that's a good question. So if you sell ASINs that share like a manufacturing location and maybe they only differ by like packaging size, packaging images or flavorings, or maybe some other inactive ingredients, Please let your third party testing organization know. So testing for those ASINs might be consolidated into fewer samples and you'll have to work with them on the specifics for your specific product. In general, through the manager compliance Dashboard, you're still going to have to initiate the test request form for each of those impacted ASINs, but we'd encourage you to work directly with that organization in terms of any consolidation they can do for testing based on based on those considerations. So thank you for that. All right, we have a question. How long does it take to receive test results from an Amazon partnered laboratory? Just on average, so this is hard to answer directly. The turnaround time is really going to be dependent on the third party organization that you've chosen to conduct testing with, as well as like the product itself. So for most accurate estimate for timing, again, we just encourage you to reach out to those third party testing, inspection and certification organizations. They'll be able to give you the most accurate estimate for turnaround times based on their volume and other considerations. Okay, we have a question. Will this session include guidance for animal supplements? No. So only supplements that are intended for human use are going to be impacted for this new policy? That's a good question. You know, if you have animal supplements as well, they still as any product, need to comply with all federal and local laws that apply to those products. But this new policy is currently limited just to supplements for human use. So thank you for that question. All right, we Have a question. Thank you for this webinar. You're very welcome. Could you please tell us in more detail about what types of additives the new rules apply to or how does this apply to all supplements and vitamins? So currently this policy applies to ASINs that have been identified as sexual enhancement, weight management or sports nutrition bodybuilding supplements. So again, if that changes in the future, we'll notify impacted selling partners, but that's currently what this policy entails. Thank you for that question. All right, we have a question. We have a product with five different variations. We received a COA request for each variation, but in reality it's the same product. Would one COA cover all variations? So again, thank you for that question. Again, we're not with the new policy. Amazon's not going to be accepting COAS directly from selling partners. But again, if you sell ASINs, if they again share a manufacturing location, and if it's just like a size variation in packaging size or product images or something are different, please connect with your lab. There may be some consolidation that they can do. Again, you're still going to have to through Manager Compliance Dashboard select initiate that test request form for each of those impacted ASINs. Then work with your chosen lab to see if they can if they've got some options for you. Thanks. All right, we have a question asking how will nsf, Eurofins or UL handle vitamins that are not able to test due to proprietary coatings on the vitamins? We have an ISO certified lab already testing the products. So thanks for that question. Yeah, so test data that's conducted by an in house or external ISO 17025 accredited lab. You can share those test results with the third party organization of your choice and they'll review it to see if it complies with the Amazon requirements. But if that's done in an ISO accredited lab, you can provide those results. Thank you for that question. All right, got a question. Will seller get copies of the testing? Yes. So selling partners will be able to view and download your test result directly from the manager Compliance Dashboard. So as soon as it's provided by the third party organization to Amazon, you'll have it available in your dashboard as well. So thank you for that question. All right, we have a question. Will the lab contact me through my account, email or account phone number when lab service is requested through the Manager compliance Dashboard. So the email address that you get from the third party will be sent to your primary email that's on file with Amazon. So again, make sure that contact information is up to date. If you are still missing a response, I would say reach out to them directly whatever organization you've chosen to initiate the test request with. We do have the contact information for those third parties available on the handouts for this webinar. So if you know which one you've chosen, you can reach out to them directly. If you're still not able to get in touch with them for whatever reason, I would say contact us via the appeals pathway so we can look into your individual case. But we'll check email first for getting that response. Thanks. All right, can we submit previously conducted ISO certified lab tests for mold and heavy metals to Amazon's TIC third party organization for verification to avoid unnecessary retesting? Yeah, so again, if that's from an ISO 17025 accredited lab and you know it's recent recent testing, go ahead and submit it to your your third party and they'll be able to validate it against our policy. Okay, The question what are the third party testing inspection organizations I can choose from? I think we covered this already, but as of today we have three of them available. NSF International, Eurofins and ul. And again, just want to emphasize that service providers are subject to change. So for the most accurate information please check your manager compliance dashboard for the most up to date list. We have a question. If my listing is suppressed, what do I do to get back my inventory back from sba? So the third party seller. So in the case of listing removal, if you've got any offers on any of the ACEs that are fulfilled by Amazon inventory so FBA then you have to submit it's a removal request within 30 days to have that inventory sent back to you so be sent to a location of your choosing. We do have some information on FBA policies in seller central so I would refer to that on the process. But again typically you want to initiate that removal request within 30 days. Thanks. All right, we have a question. Do I submit my sample to the lab or will Amazon provide samples from my inventory? So testing is the responsibility of you, the selling partner. So you'll need to work with your chosen third party organization to get those samples. But Amazon will not be sending those samples directly on your behalf. So thank you for that question. All right, so we have a question about what is the timeline for testing compliance with Amazon's policy. So again the timeline is going to depend on the nature and status of your specific product, but we will need a copy of the test result confirming our product's compliance to be eligible for sale. In the store. So again, any impacted ASINs that you need to take action on are going to be shown in your manager Compliance Dashboard. And if they're not suppressed, if these are currently live ASINs, you need to comply by the due date listed in the Manager Compliance Dashboard. So again, please check that for the most specific information. But I would encourage you, for those that are impacted that you'd like to move forward with, to initiate those test request forms promptly to work with one of the third party organizations on the testing that's required. All right, still got more questions here. Bear with me for just a moment. All right, we have a question. Sorry folks, Is this initiative applicable to any other marketplaces besides the us Is this policy.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: One question we received so far is whether all products need testing for pesticide residues and thc, particularly if they are not contained they do not contain any botanical ingredients. In general, testing for pesticide residues and THC are required for products derived from any botanical ingredients. You will need to work with your lab to determine if this testing is required for your product. The third criteria requires that the product contain the ingredients and the amounts claimed on the product label. Lastly, the fourth criteria requires that the product does not contain undeclared active pharmaceutical ingredients, also known as APIs. This applies to dietary supplements classified as sexual enhancement, weight management and sports nutrition and bodybuilding. Additionally, dietary supplements must not make disease claims. This includes the product label and the product detail page. As briefly mentioned earlier, Amazon is working with third party testing, inspection and certification organizations. You can choose from any one of the third party organizations working with Amazon to conduct testing of your dietary supplement product. Amazon will not be accepting any documents directly from you as a selling partner or any organization that is not one of the third party testing, inspection and certification organizations that Amazon is working with. Examples of documents that Amazon will not be accepting includes the, but is not limited to test results, certificates of analysis known as coas, good Manufacturing Practice Certificates, evidence of product enrollment or participation in a third party quality certification program, and all others. If your product is already enrolled in NSF ANSI 173 certification or NSF 229 certification renewed annually, then your product meets the requirements of Amazon's policy. We will walk through in a later slide what actions you need to take if your product falls within this scope. Now let's understand what dietary supplements are. The United States Food and Drug Administration defines dietary supplements as intended to add to or supplement the diet and are different from conventional food. Supplements are ingested and come in many forms, including tablets, capsules, softgels, gel caps, powders, gummies and liquids. Common supplements include vitamins, minerals, botanicals or herbs, botanical compounds, amino acids and live microbials such as probiotics. At this current time, sexual enhancement, Weight management and sports nutrition bodybuilding dietary supplements have been specifically identified for action. As part of this policy, we continuously monitor regulatory and customer signals and as a result are prioritizing these subcategories of dietary supplements. As we expand these requirements, we will notify impacted selling partners accordingly. These three categories of dietary supplements require testing confirming that the product does not contain undeclared active pharmaceutical ingredients, also known as APIs. Now we will provide an overview of the listing requirements for dietary supplements in Amazon's US Store but before we start, ask your help answering these two poll questions to help us understand how much information you know about dietary supplements. So we're going to open the first poll question asking are you aware of what products are classified as dietary supplements? All right, we're seeing certain responses come in. Appreciate the participation there. We'll give another 10 more seconds to this one and we'll move on to the second question. All right, thanks for everyone who responded. I can get help from my colleagues on the other end here closing out that poll. And we're going to move to the second poll question asking if you understand Amazon policy on listing dietary supplements. Give folks another 10 seconds here. Appreciate the participation. All right, thank you everyone for participating in the poll.

Speaker B: Appreciate the feedback.

Speaker A: Thank you so much. Let's move ahead. Only dietary supplements with test results provided by one of the third party testing, inspection and certification organizations to Amazon that confirms your product's compliance with Amazon Policy are eligible for sale on Amazon's US Store and no further action is required. Here are the overall steps you will need to take to ensure your product is compliant with Amazon policy. We will detail each step on a later slide. All identified dietary supplement listings that require this action can be found within your Manage your compliance dashboard. You will have also received an initial email informing you of the identified ASINs that require your action. Not all dietary supplements may need action at this time, so if you don't receive a notice in your dashboard for your dietary supplement, then you do not need to take any action for those ASINs at this time. The first step is to initiate a test request form through your manager Compliance Dashboard through seller Central or Vendor central. You will need to submit a test request form to one of the third party testing, inspection and certification organizations for each impacted asin. The next step is to work with any of the third party testing, inspection and certification organizations of your choosing to conduct testing. You will need to work directly with the organization you have chosen to conduct testing of your product and you have the sole responsibility to provide all information requested to complete testing. Once testing has been completed by the third party testing inspection certification organization, this organization will provide the test result to you and Amazon directly. The test result provided can be found within your manager compliance dashboard. If the results provided by the third party organization confirm that your product is in compliance with Amazon's policy, the product is eligible for sale in Amazon's US Store. If Amazon receives a test result that indicates your product does not comply with Amazon's policy or if you do not take any action on your impacted asin, your listing may be suppressed. A test result confirming compliance of your product with Amazon's policy must be provided by the due date indicated on your Manager Compliance Dashboard or your product may be at risk of removal. Let's look at an example scenario. In this scenario, you are currently listing a dietary supplement called Supplement X from Best Brand. You received an email notification that your product has been identified as a dietary supplement requiring compliance action. When you review your Manager Compliance Dashboard, you find that the same ASIN has been identified as requiring compliance action with a due date of May 10, 2024. Now that we know the scenario, let's discuss what is required from you to ensure that your listing meets Amazon's policy for dietary supplements. In this scenario, your listing has been identified as a dietary supplement that requires verification through a third party testing, inspection and certification organization to confirm your product meets Amazon's dietary supplement Policy. In order to action, you will need to initiate a test request form with any of the listed third party organizations working with Amazon to continue to be able to sell your product on Amazon's US Store, we would require a test result provided by one of the third party organizations that confirms your product's compliance with Amazon Policy by the due date of May 10, 2024. If we do not receive a test result confirming compliance with Amazon's policy by this due date, your listing may be suppressed until such a test result is provided to Amazon by a third party testing, inspection and certification organization. Now that we understand the policy and its requirements, let's walk through how you can identify the impacted ASINs requiring your action and submit a test request form. Please note that the detailed steps may change, so please refer to your Manager Compliance Dashboard. The Latest Steps Overall, you can choose any one of the third party testing, inspection and certification organizations that Amazon is working with to conduct testing of your product. All requests for testing must be initiated through your Manager Compliance Dashboard. As mentioned earlier, Amazon will not be accepting any documents from you or any other organizations that are not one of the third party testing, inspection and certification

Speaker B: organizations that Amazon is working with.

Speaker A: If your product is already certified to NSF ANSI 173 or NSF 229 and renewed annually, this meets Amazon's policy requirements for dietary supplements. If your product falls into this category, please initiate a test request form through the dashboard specifically to NSF International and work directly with NSF International to have them validate and share compliance information with Amazon. If your product has testing that has already been conducted by an ISO 17025 accredited lab including accredited in house labs. You will still need to initiate a test request form for the impacted ASINs. You can provide this testing information directly to the third party testing, inspection and certification organization for them to verify if it meets Amazon's Dietary Supplement policy. Now let's walk through the detailed steps to submit requests for testing. The first step is to navigate to your Manager Compliance Dashboard within your Seller Central or Vendor Central account. Your Manager Compliance Dashboard can be found specifically on the bottom right hand side within your Account Health Dashboard by clicking on Product Compliance Requests as shown. All impacted dietary supplement ASINs that require compliance action can be found within your Manager Compliance Dashboard within the Incomplete Requests tab. The product category that will show up under Compliance Requirement will be Dietary Supplements as shown on the screenshot here. For the impacted dietary supplement ASINs, click on Add or Appeal Compliance under Action and then click on Request Lab service. Now you will need to provide some details to submit your test request form within the Create Lab service request window that popped up after you clicked on Request Lab service. Ensure the Dietary Supplements checkbox is selected under Issues and then populate the source factory location. Under Lab you will see the selection of third party testing, inspection and certification organizations that Amazon is working with. Select the organization of your choosing from within the drop down menu that you would like to conduct testing with. Once this information is populated, submit on Submit Request on the bottom right hand side to complete the initiation of the Test Request Form. Once the Test request form has been successfully submitted, you will see a request ID generated under the Compliance Requirements with a status of submitted on the right side as well as on the bottom under Status. Please also note that there is always an option to choose not to test and close your listing. To do so you will need to navigate back within your Manager Compliance Dashboard. Click on the downward arrow on the right of Add or Appeal compliance button and select Close Listing. In addition, there is always an option to cancel the current test request form and initiate a new test request form with another third party testing inspection and certification organization. To do this, click the Cancel Request button found under the Compliance Requirements section within each of your impacted dietary supplement ASINs. Before we move ahead, let's take a few seconds to respond to an additional poll question. Have my colleagues pull up the next poll and the question is going to be is the process of initiating a test request form through Seller Central or Vendor Central clear to you? All right, we're starting to see some responses come in.

Speaker B: All right, take another 10 seconds.

Speaker A: All right, we have a good number of responses. Looks like they've come in.

Speaker B: So thanks everyone for participating.

Speaker A: All right, next we'll walk through the process of testing your product. Once you've successfully initiated a test request form through your Manager Compliance Dashboard, you will receive an email notification within two business days from your chosen third party testing, inspection and certification organization. Please ensure that your contact information is up to date. Prior to submitting your test request form, you will need to work directly with a third party testing, inspection and certification organization that you've chosen in order to complete testing. You, as the selling partner, have the sole responsibility of completing testing for your product. This includes, but is not limited to providing requested information as well as costs incurred for testing. If you have previously obtained lab results, be sure to connect with the organization you have chosen to conduct testing with to verify if your product meets Amazon policy or if it requires further testing to do so. In the event that the review of your product by the third party testing, inspection and certification organization confirms non compliance of your product, possible options for resolution may be provided to you by the organization you have chosen to conduct testing with. To initiate the failure resolution process, you will need to work directly with the chosen third party organization and provide them with all necessary documents requested. This includes, but may not be limited to a corrective and preventative actions form, updated label or others. Please also note that there are certain types of non compliance that are not eligible for resolution options. As noted here, products containing undeclared active pharmaceutical ingredients do not have a resolution path. To understand more about the options for resolution, please work with your third party testing, inspection and certification organization that you've chosen to conduct testing with. Now let's check how you can view test results. After testing is completed, all test results will be provided to Amazon directly by the third party testing, inspection and certification organization you chose to conduct testing with. The same test result provided to Amazon can also be provided and viewed within your Manager Compliance Dashboard. As previously highlighted, only dietary supplement products with test results confirming compliance with Amazon's policy are eligible for sale on Amazon's USC Store. When the test results are provided to Amazon for your impacted asin, you will be able to see the document within the Compliance Requirements window within your Manager Compliance Dashboard as shown here. There will be a green sign that states documents available to the right side of the test Request ID and the status will show completed. You have the option to download and view your test result from here. The status of your overall testing results can be viewed from the main page of your Manager Compliant Dashboard under Compliance Status. If you're seeing the status under review the testing may still be in progress and your test results have not been provided to Amazon for a Status of Rejected. This means that the test result received by Amazon by the third party Testing, Inspection and Certification Organization does not confirm compliance of your product with Amazon Policy. Your listing will either remain suppressed or may be subject to removal on the due date indicated for that impacted ASIN for a Status of Approved. This means that the result received by Amazon by the third party organization confirms compliance with Amazon's policy. Your product is eligible for sale in Amazon's US Store and no further action is required. Now let's walk through how you can submit an appeal for your listing. If you believe that your product was incorrectly classified as a dietary supplement, or if you for any reason believe that this requirement does not apply to you, you can submit an appeal at any time. For the impacted ASINs that you would like to submit an appeal for, click on Add or Appeal Compliance under Action within your Manager Compliance Dashboard as shown here. Next, select the appeal Reason as this requirement does not apply to my product. There will be a free form text box under Appeal Reason titled Additional Comments. Within this text box provide the reasons why you believe your listing is incorrectly classified as a dietary supplement or why you believe this requirement does not apply to you. We would require this information in order to appropriately review and address your appeal. Once you have populated this information, click Submit to submit your appeal. Once you submit your appeal, your appeal will be reviewed by our team and you'll receive a response within your email. Please ensure your contact information is updated to receive a response to your appeal. In summary, only dietary supplements with test results confirming your product's compliance with Amazon Policy directly from a third party testing, inspection and certification organization are eligible for sale in Amazon's US Store. The test results must be provided directly to Amazon by one of the third party organizations chosen for testing. We are not accepting any documents from selling partners. Now that we've covered our policy on dietary supplements, let's open the floor to questions. Please submit your questions in the question box and we'll do our best to get through as many questions as we can with the time remaining. Please also note that any questions related to specific listings or ASINs are probably out of scope for this Q and A. If you have questions on your specific listing or asin, please follow the appeals pathway through your Manager compliance dashboard.

Speaker B: All right, and I'm going to turn

Speaker A: over

Speaker B: my screen to one of my colleagues here. We can get into the questions. All right, thanks everybody for their patience here.

Speaker A: All right, so we have A question that was asked here. Will there be a pricing card for supplement testing or will this be a standard rate? Thanks for that question. The cost is going to vary depending on the product. If you've got existing compliance data that already meets the Amazon policy, and depending on which third party testing, inspection and certification verifier that you choose to use. So it could be $0 if your product already has the NSF ANSI 173 certified. Or it could be, you know, many thousand dollars if you've got products with complex formulations or if there's no testing that can provide it, that complies with the compliance requirement. So again, we'd recommend connecting with the third party organizations to get more accurate pricing information because it will vary from product to product.

Speaker B: Thank you for that.

Speaker A: All right, so we have another question. Does this apply to all supplements or are there exceptions? Thank you for that question. So currently this policy applies to ASINs that have been identified as sexual enhancement, weight management, or sports nutrition and bodybuilding dietary supplements. I will note that we do continuously monitor regulatory and customer signals. So as a result, we're prioritizing these subcategories of dietary supplements. But should other categories of dietary supplements be in scope of this policy? We will notify impacted selling partners accordingly.

Speaker B: Thank you for that question. All right, so we have a question

Speaker A: from someone saying if we're GMP certified, do we still need to do the third party testing through the Amazon platform? So the answer to that is yes. Yeah. So Amazon does require this test result from the third party organization to verify

Speaker B: that your product is in compliance with the policy.

Speaker A: So that one component of that is verifying compliance with good manufacturing, current good manufacturing practices as set forth by the fda. But there's also other additional components, including testing for contaminants, making sure the product contains the ingredients claimed on the label, as well as making sure the products don't contain active pharmaceutical ingredients. So even if your product is verified for GMP certification by one of those third parties, we still require that test result from the organization to confirm that your product complies with the entirety of our policy, as noted.

Speaker B: Thank you for that question.

Speaker A: All right, so we have a question about how can labs get added to Amazon's list of approved labs. I searched online but couldn't find any info. Good question. So as of today, we have three third party testing, inspection and certification organizations. Those are nsf, Eurofins and ul. They are subject to change. So I would say please refer to your manager Compliance dashboard for the most

Speaker B: up to Date list. All right, so we have a question.

Speaker A: Why do we have products that have already been approved under the diet and weight loss and sexual wellness approval process now being flagged for needing to be submitted for approval yet again? Yeah, thank you for that question. You know, we know that some products have had previous information provided to Amazon, but this new policy that became effective on April 2, we are now requiring selling partners to verify that the supplements meet our policy via an approved third party verification process. So, so this makes sure that products offered in our store meet all of those criteria. So it's current good manufacturing process, it's checking for contaminants, making sure those products contain the ingredients on the label and

Speaker B: that they don't contain active pharmaceutical ingredients.

Speaker A: And again, I would emphasize that if your product already has testing conducted by an ISO 17025 accredited lab, you still need to initiate the test request form for your impacted ASINs, but you can work with that organization to provide any

Speaker B: prior testing to them for review.

Speaker A: So that includes any testing that you might have conducted from an outside lab. But also if your in house lab is an accredited lab, they will be

Speaker B: able to review that information as well.

Speaker A: And they're reviewing it to make sure that that prior testing complies with Amazon policy.

Speaker B: Thank you for that question.

Speaker A: All right, we have a question about timing. Is there a time frame or deadline in which Amazon will have all affected ASINs listing in the compliance portal? Thank you for that question. So at this time only the dietary supplement listings that appear within your manager compliance dashboard, those are the ones in the account health dashboard for vendor central require your action. So if any additional listings, any other listings are identified as dietary supplements that require your action, those will show up in your manage your compliance dashboard. So that's the most accurate place to

Speaker B: look for that information.

Speaker A: All right, we have a question. If you already use one of the listed third parties for release of your product, can you submit that data? I think we answered that in part, yeah. So if your product already has testing from an ISO 17025 accredited lab, you still need to submit the test request form and then work with your laboratory

Speaker B: to see if that prior testing is sufficient to meet our policy.

Speaker A: All right, we have a question. Is there different adulterate testing needed depending on whether the product is considered a sexual enhancement versus weight management product? It said previously Amazon required these adulterants to be tested for weight management products and these different adulterants to be tested for sexual enhancement products.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So for products classified as sexual enhancement, weight management or sports Nutrition and bodybuilding products do have to go certain adulterant testings for those looking for a citation. Those are adulterants that are outlined in NSF ANSI 173-2024. 5.3.514. So you can refer to that reference. I think we may have a link to it in our seller help page for more information. Thank you. All right, we have a question about is there a deadline in which Amazon will have all affected ASINs in both vendor central and seller central portals? I think that's similar to the question we answered above. Again, you can refer to your manager compliance dashboard to check for your impacted

Speaker B: ASINs that'll have any dates and deadlines that apply for your products.

Speaker A: We do also have links to that information that is available in the webinar

Speaker B: handout, so you can use that resource as well.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: Here just a second. All right, so we have a question.

Speaker A: Does this new policy still require a GMP certificate from the approved third party list? So yes, one of the requirements of our policy is proof that the product is manufactured in a facility that complies with current good manufacturing practices GMP assessed

Speaker B: forth by the fda. So yes, that is still a requirement. Okay, we have a question.

Speaker A: Is this going to be an annual test that we need to get done every year? So yes, the testing and certification requirements are required on an annual basis with the new policy.

Speaker B: We have a question.

Speaker A: If we provide all documents and testing, will other sellers who sell the ASIN be required to also get the testing

Speaker B: done and provide documents?

Speaker A: So thank you for that question. Our priority is to provide safe and compliant products in our store. Our systems and policies are designed to benefit both our customers and selling partners. Certain documentation such as GMP may only be accessible through the manufacturer. We are aware of that. But therefore our policy does allow anyone

Speaker B: offering an in scope product to engage

Speaker A: in the third party testing, inspection certification service from our approved list and then to verify compliance for the products that they offer.

Speaker B: Thanks.

Speaker A: All right, question asking does this policy apply to over the counter OTC homeopathic formulas? Homeopathics are not the same in the same they say in the question. Homeopathics are not in the same legal category as dietary supplements and are not covered by dshea. So that's why I ask. Yeah. So your understanding is correct. OTC homeopathic products are out of scope for this policy. So it just applies to dietary supplements. All right. I have a question. At what level does Amazon expect to roll out compliance requests for supplement? So we continuously are monitoring for Regulatory and customer signals. That's why at this point we're prioritizing these specific categories of dietary supplements. But again, I just want to emphasize that should any other categories of dietary supplements be in scope of this policy in the future, we will notify the

Speaker B: impacted selling partners accordingly. So thank you for that question. All right, question.

Speaker A: Does every third party seller on a given listing need to have testing performed or. Or is the requirement satisfied once one seller, perhaps the brand owner, has furnished proof of testing? So again, our priority is to provide safe and effective compliant products in our store. So you know, our policy allows anyone offering an in scope product to engage with that third party organization to verify

Speaker B: compliance of the product that they offer. We have a question.

Speaker A: If my product has a lot of variations in terms of capsule size, do I have to get testing for each variation? It will be costly. Maybe one test per parent child variation. Okay, so that's a good question. So if you sell ASINs that share like a manufacturing location and maybe they only differ by like packaging size, packaging images or flavorings, or maybe some other inactive ingredients, Please let your third party testing organization know. So testing for those ASINs might be consolidated into fewer samples and you'll have to work with them on the specifics for your specific product. In general, through the manager compliance Dashboard, you're still going to have to initiate the test request form for each of those impacted ASINs, but we'd encourage you to work directly with that organization in

Speaker B: terms of any consolidation they can do for testing based on based on those considerations. So thank you for that.

Speaker A: All right, we have a question. How long does it take to receive test results from an Amazon partnered laboratory? Just on average, so this is hard to answer directly. The turnaround time is really going to be dependent on the third party organization that you've chosen to conduct testing with, as well as like the product itself. So for most accurate estimate for timing, again, we just encourage you to reach out to those third party testing, inspection and certification organizations. They'll be able to give you the

Speaker B: most accurate estimate for turnaround times based on their volume and other considerations. Okay, we have a question.

Speaker A: Will this session include guidance for animal supplements? No. So only supplements that are intended for human use are going to be impacted for this new policy?

Speaker B: That's a good question.

Speaker A: You know, if you have animal supplements as well, they still as any product, need to comply with all federal and local laws that apply to those products. But this new policy is currently limited

Speaker B: just to supplements for human use. So thank you for that question. All right, we Have a question.

Speaker A: Thank you for this webinar. You're very welcome. Could you please tell us in more detail about what types of additives the new rules apply to or how does this apply to all supplements and vitamins? So currently this policy applies to ASINs that have been identified as sexual enhancement,

Speaker B: weight management or sports nutrition bodybuilding supplements.

Speaker A: So again, if that changes in the

Speaker B: future, we'll notify impacted selling partners, but that's currently what this policy entails. Thank you for that question. All right, we have a question.

Speaker A: We have a product with five different variations. We received a COA request for each variation, but in reality it's the same product. Would one COA cover all variations? So again, thank you for that question. Again, we're not with the new policy. Amazon's not going to be accepting COAS

Speaker B: directly from selling partners.

Speaker A: But again, if you sell ASINs, if they again share a manufacturing location, and if it's just like a size variation in packaging size or product images or something are different, please connect with your lab.

Speaker B: There may be some consolidation that they can do.

Speaker A: Again, you're still going to have to through Manager Compliance Dashboard select initiate that test request form for each of those impacted ASINs. Then work with your chosen lab to

Speaker B: see if they can if they've got some options for you. Thanks. All right, we have a question asking

Speaker A: how will nsf, Eurofins or UL handle vitamins that are not able to test due to proprietary coatings on the vitamins? We have an ISO certified lab already testing the products. So thanks for that question. Yeah, so test data that's conducted by an in house or external ISO 17025 accredited lab. You can share those test results with the third party organization of your choice and they'll review it to see if

Speaker B: it complies with the Amazon requirements.

Speaker A: But if that's done in an ISO

Speaker B: accredited lab, you can provide those results. Thank you for that question.

Speaker A: All right,

Speaker B: got a question.

Speaker A: Will seller get copies of the testing? Yes. So selling partners will be able to view and download your test result directly from the manager Compliance Dashboard. So as soon as it's provided by the third party organization to Amazon, you'll

Speaker B: have it available in your dashboard as well. So thank you for that question. All right, we have a question.

Speaker A: Will the lab contact me through my account, email or account phone number when lab service is requested through the Manager compliance Dashboard. So the email address that you get from the third party will be sent to your primary email that's on file with Amazon. So again, make sure that contact information is up to date. If you are still missing a response, I would say reach out to them directly whatever organization you've chosen to initiate

Speaker B: the test request with.

Speaker A: We do have the contact information for those third parties available on the handouts for this webinar. So if you know which one you've

Speaker B: chosen, you can reach out to them directly.

Speaker A: If you're still not able to get in touch with them for whatever reason, I would say contact us via the

Speaker B: appeals pathway so we can look into your individual case. But we'll check email first for getting that response. Thanks.

Speaker A: All right, can we submit previously conducted ISO certified lab tests for mold and heavy metals to Amazon's TIC third party organization for verification to avoid unnecessary retesting? Yeah, so again, if that's from an ISO 17025 accredited lab and you know it's recent recent testing, go ahead and submit it to your your third party and they'll be able to validate it against our policy.

Speaker B: Okay, The question what are the third

Speaker A: party testing inspection organizations I can choose from? I think we covered this already, but as of today we have three of them available. NSF International, Eurofins and ul. And again, just want to emphasize that service providers are subject to change. So for the most accurate information please

Speaker B: check your manager compliance dashboard for the most up to date list. We have a question.

Speaker A: If my listing is suppressed, what do I do to get back my inventory back from sba? So the third party seller. So in the case of listing removal, if you've got any offers on any of the ACEs that are fulfilled by Amazon inventory so FBA then you have to submit it's a removal request within 30 days to have that inventory sent back to you so be sent to a location of your choosing. We do have some information on FBA policies in seller central so I would refer to that on the process. But again typically you want to initiate

Speaker B: that removal request within 30 days. Thanks. All right, we have a question.

Speaker A: Do I submit my sample to the lab or will Amazon provide samples from my inventory? So testing is the responsibility of you, the selling partner. So you'll need to work with your chosen third party organization to get those samples. But Amazon will not be sending those

Speaker B: samples directly on your behalf. So thank you for that question. All right, so we have a question

Speaker A: about what is the timeline for testing compliance with Amazon's policy. So again the timeline is going to depend on the nature and status of your specific product, but we will need a copy of the test result confirming our product's compliance to be eligible for sale.

Speaker B: In the store.

Speaker A: So again, any impacted ASINs that you need to take action on are going to be shown in your manager Compliance Dashboard. And if they're not suppressed, if these are currently live ASINs, you need to

Speaker B: comply by the due date listed in the Manager Compliance Dashboard.

Speaker A: So again, please check that for the most specific information. But I would encourage you, for those that are impacted that you'd like to move forward with, to initiate those test request forms promptly to work with one

Speaker B: of the third party organizations on the testing that's required. All right, still got more questions here.

Speaker A: Bear with me for just a moment.

Speaker B: All right, we have a question. Sorry folks, Is this initiative applicable to

Speaker A: any other marketplaces besides the us Is this policy.

