Transcript for: Recording__757.mp4
Title: Recording #757
============================================================

To your. The document that you sent me, I didn't complete the schwa, but I did the schwa r. And I was looking into some schwa sounds. I have totally forgot everything for sure. So, yeah, that's something that I, of course, need to practice more. No worries. How about. I think what might be helpful is we go through a couple vowels. We only have a few left, I believe, so we'll get through it in the next few weeks. And then while we're going over short vowels together in class, you review schwa. I can send you practices if you would like. Yeah. And then once we're done with all the schwa or the short vowels, we can take a second and kind of regroup. We can practice schwa together. We can, of course, practice it in class if you would like. What do you think would be most helpful? Well, I can practice on my own because I have all the recordings. Right. I can just re watch those classes and then remember how you taught me and then practice. I don't know. These days, I'm just too distracted for some reason. Yeah. I mean, I had so much time today morning, almost two hours, but I just kept on getting distracted anyway, you know, like I say, if. Even if you don't have time to sit down, I do give a lot of elaborate, elaborate practices, like the ones where I send, where you have to read, record, go back, look at the cheat sheet. Of course, even if you don't have time for that, just. Just do a little bit. You can take a reading that I haven't sent you. Maybe you're reading a book, anything like that, and just take a couple minutes, read through it. You don't even have to read it out loud. Read in your head and be like, okay, let's try to find schwa. Look up the spelling online. Look up in the dictionary. Does it actually have schwa? It can maybe be the first step. You can go straight to the cheat sheet, read through there and see. Oh, am I pronouncing schwa? Whatever materials I send, you don't have to do the full thing every time. Even if you just take a couple minutes rather than the full thing. It's way better than nothing. I've had some students who I'm like, hey, did you get to the practice? And they're like, no, I didn't. That thing takes me, like half an hour. I didn't have half an hour. I'm like, okay, well, that's if you do every step, which I normally go through every step, because some steps are more helpful. Than others for different people. So, of course, if you only have time to do one step or only have time to do it with a different material or whatever is helpful, go ahead and do that. Like you said, you had a little bit of time, but you kept getting distracted. So if you're like that just doesn't sound interesting. You could always do it with maybe something you're interested in or transfer over to a different type of practice or whatever you think. I also have a different site you remember. Give me just a moment, I'll share it with you. Sure. We've gone over this. Yes, yes, yes. So this one you could use for stress practice, but you could also use it for schwa practice as well. If you're reviewing schwa, for example, let me try to find something. How would you say this word preparation? So. Yes. So is there anything that you could see? Schwa or schwa? Yeah, shun is of course that has schwa in it. Preparation. I. I don't think. And there is. Okay, maybe there may be a show in prep. Like that one is naturally. Like, I don't need to change anything. Preparation for which one? I mean, prep. Oration. So that prep. That is not sure. Is it the A. The second syllable? Yeah. Well, let's listen to it and you tell me if you hear the same thing. You're saying preparation. Preparation. Yeah, preparation. I think we are pronouncing it the same, no? Yeah. So does that sound like a schwa to you? And if you're not sure, you could always check. Okay, so it is a schwa. Right. That's a shoa sign, isn't it? I forgot. Yes. That little upside down. Yeah. And with this word, just to know I personally use that as a schwa. R. I say preparation. I'd never say prepa. Ation. That's kind of weird for me. I say preparation. So this is up to the speaker. I personally cut out the psychic syllable altogether. But yeah, this. This could be a good practice for just for stress. But since stress and schwa are also related, you could use it for any sound. Got it. Yeah. You have ipa. You could even use this for. I don't know, you could be like, okay, I'm looking for K sounds today. Is it? So I'm trying to see if the word has the letter C. If it has the letter C, is it K or S? For example, in this one, how do you say this word classification. Yes. So one is there anishwa. I will not. How I pronounced it. Yeah, the last one. Yes. Yes. But there are Pro. Maybe another one. Classification. I don't pronounce shua in any. Anywhere else for sure. But there may be one. Maybe there in the third syllable. There may be one. Let's listen. Classification. No, there is no show. Let's see. Oh, there he is. Didn't sound like that. Okay, classification. Classification. So how did you pronounce this? Middle syllable? I pronounced like I. Short I. Classification. Yeah. So classification instead of classification. It's usually said with schwa. Classification. Okay, so this one. Is this practice. You know, we did it for stress. It could also be helpful for schwa. Like I said, it could be helpful for any sound, but mostly schwa and stress. Okay. But yeah, it could. It could be for anything. If you're trying to figure out, oh, I don't know which a sound that A is making. There's a lot of different A sounds that A's can make. Which one is this? You could do the exact same thing. So this, I think, is a little quicker if you. If you're a little bit overwhelmed or you really don't want to start on one of the bigger readings, you can go into here instead. Yeah, yeah. Because I know sometimes those bigger readings can be a little much to even start to break down. So this could be helpful if you don't have that much time. And of course, you can take the bigger readings or even just the skills that you practice with the bigger readings and use it on something else altogether. Yeah, just. Just a few different ways that my students have found that it's easier to tackle and get started. All right, any questions? No. What I want. Not on this, but what I wanted to ask you is now that we have covered some vowels, short vowels especially, and also long E. How. I mean, I see there's a long list of things here. So what is the plan? How are you going to cover all these things? Well, some of these. I don't really hear an issue for you. Okay. For example, there are some different sounds that are more important than others. The next thing we're going to look at is something called, like the world of T. That's just how T is pronounced in different things. You know, you could see on this list, there's something called a flap T, T at the end of the word, final stops, glottal T, all those different things. So certain things like glottal T and glottal D we're going to. Glottal T we're going to do at the same time. They're basically very similar. Some of these things is going to go through Very quickly. Ng and k, we'll go through together in one minute. I don't think aspiration is something we're going to spend a lot of time on. So if you look at the aspirated consonants, you could see there's a huge group there. We're probably only going to go through a few of those. Definitely not all of them, because aspirated, like, for example, you don't pronounce p wrong. Okay. We could go through maybe the aspiration itself for that sound, but we're not actually going to go through P, b, t, d, k, and g. So that is going to be a lot more simplified. Some of these fricatives, again, same thing. You don't really have a problem pronouncing X. So there's certain things we won't go over. Some things we'll go over very quickly, or we'll have groups that we go over. And then some things are going to be more important. So once we're done with the vowels, we're going to probably not go in order as much. Things like vowel comparisons. That's a big list there. We're sharing as we go. So we're probably not going to go over these in class. So like you said, there is this big list, but we're going to break it down very carefully together based on your needs. Okay. It's got to go a lot faster than it looks, basically. Yeah. If that helps with your question at all. Yeah, yeah. I was thinking that this is probably going to take four or five years to cover. It looks like a long list. Yeah. But would you say that vowels is the place where I need to improve the most? Is that how it looks like? I would say vowels? Yeah. Vowels are definitely a big point for a lot of people, partly because of specific accents, but because English has, like, you could see this big list of like, 20, some, like, a lot of vowels, whereas most languages have like five. So English vowels are very important because they're often complex, they're often difficult. They often get mixed around, like short I, long e. But they're also important because that's where most of the misunderstandings come from. For example, if you have a th sound, and a lot of people, like the French will say, zaat, I went to the zaat store. I have a lot of French people, so I have to tease them right now. But they'll be like, I went to that store. And people will still know, like, okay, we know what you're talking about. Yeah. If you say something like, oh, yeah, I really like math. Math is really cool. And it's like, what? And you're trying to say math. That's. That's things that you have to work on a little bit more. So there are sounds that contribute more towards an accent. Like th. If you say butter instead of butter, we're still going to mostly know what you're talking about. But, yeah, vowels are definitely where a lot of the confusion and mixing up words often comes from. So that's one reason we do cover it first. Okay. Okay. All right. Yeah. So there will be a lot of people around here. I'll be like, yeah, you don't. You don't really pronounce your T's. Or maybe you pronounce like you. You mix up like v and w, which can be pretty confusing, but for the most part, you could still tell. But vowels are what we really base the language and understanding off of, so they're very important. Got it, Got it. Okay. All right. So what are you going to do next? Yes, let's go over short O. O. Go ahead and open that one. Yes, I think. Go ahead and read the explanation. Okay, let's do that. Yeah, explanation. This is one of many English vowel sounds that are short, meaning they're simple and static. The same thing, basically using only one mouth morph or position. The tongue and mouth position must be exact so that it is not mistaken for another vowel or spoken indistinctly, causing the listener to ask for clarification. Since the term short refers to the simplicity of the vowel and not the duration, the sound may be stretched in some words and brief in the in others, but it remains in the same position. So it is a short voice vowel. This vowel sound is made by dropping the jaw and tongue. The dropping the jaw and tongue. The tongue remains relaxed, but it drops with the jaw. The mouth is wide since the tongue is dropped in front. All of these movements are done quickly to get into position before the voice comes out, making it a static sound. It is very important to avoid tightening or rounding up. Rounding the lips. Keep them relaxed. Otherwise the sound will be closer to the British pronunciation. The short O is very similar in pronunciation to the lax short A. As such, many people pronounce them the same. The subtle difference between the two, as well as the relevant usage is discussed in another worksheet. Worksheet. Yes. So what is it saying here? Okay, I forgot lax shorty, by the way. Hey, no problem. We're gonna. If it becomes an issue, we'll. There's a comparison sheet. Give me one example of lack charity. That Will help me remember a little bit. So remember, lack, short A is the one that often comes after W or before R. Okay. So like father. Okay. Pilates. Got it. That. That one. Got it. Okay. Yeah. All right, so let's. Yeah. What should we do next? Yes. So tell me what is happening with the sound? So physically, what is happening? We know it's a short vowel, but what does it say to do with the jaw and the tongue? Because this part is very important for this sound. Well, I didn't really understand how it's done, but this is what it says here. The sound. It says the sound is made by dropping the jaw and the tongue. And it also says that when dropping the. I mean, the tongue moves down with the jaw. Yes. I mean, drops with the jaw and the mouth remains open. We are not supposed to tighten the lips, otherwise it will sound like the British pronunciation. So, yeah, that is what it says. Yes. Basically what it. It's really emphasizing the jaw here. It's doing this because with lacks a. Specifically lacks short A. Sorry, Lax, short A. And we'll see with another sound. Au digraph. It's very similar where the tongue is kind of up in the back, down in the front. It's very similar to those sounds in a lot of ways, but it really emphasizes the jaw, because the thing that keeps them different is how much you drop the jaw. So if you only drop it a little bit, you could see in a word, like Pilates, father. It's kind of like this, but with this one, you drop it more. And what it means when it says drop the tongue with the jaw is just means keep the tongue at the bottom of your mouth and make sure that it goes down. Sometimes people here drop the jaw, and then they keep their tongue here and their tongue's, like, down here. Okay. So they'll have their tongue kind of floating. Just make sure that the tongue stays touching the bottom of your mouth. That's all that means. So let's go ahead and go to the example words I'm going to read. Maybe the first two. You'll be able to see that my jaw drops pretty well here. Okay, so if I go like, rock shop, project, log, shock, hot, bottom. Actually, rock shop, project, log, shock, hot bottom. Thought. Hold on. So actually, I'm sorry. Yes. When you pronounced hot, it sounded kind. It's different from the other O's that you pronounced. Yes. So hot, shop, shock, rock. It's. Yeah, it's probably just because it has the H before it, so it sounds a lot more aspirated. It's the same sound. It might just sound a little more airy because it does have that H in front of it. Okay. So yeah, like shock. It's that ah sh ack ot. It's still that ah sound. You might hear a difference when I read certain words here. Tell me if you could hear the difference with certain words. So rock, shop, project, log, shock, hot bottom, thought, song, not on coffee, top, polish, object, dog, flock, content, job, vodka, stop, document, fog, modern. Wow. Why is. Is it like a. Almost like a like ah sound? Right? It's not O. It's. It's not O. So it's different. Short way is different. Okay. Yes. It's good that you could hear the difference. And it actually explains the difference in the regional note. Oh, should I read that? Where is that? Yes, please. Right under the examples. So it says kind of in the small print. Uh huh. For practice, that one. Nope, under the examples. It was a regional note. Okay. Yeah, regional note. You may also hear people pronounce certain words that are recorded that are spelled with O as a U. Example of this include log, coffee, thought, and song. Feel free to adapt the pronunciation pattern patterns most common in your area. Yes. So this is becoming more and more popular in the U.S. it kind of started, I want to say, say has kind of an eastern, Midwestern kind of thing. So I was right in the wave of it. This is definitely something I do. So it started out there, but it is becoming more popular. I think it's basically taken over a large part of the US at least. Again, like it said, this is something you're going to have to listen for. Kind of see if this is a Canadian thing as well. So you'll have to see one, what you're comfortable with and two, how other people speak. So whatever type of accent you want to form based on your preferences and the preferences of those around you. When we go over au, we'll come back to this, but just keep in mind some of these will be pronounced differently. And I will send you a site if you would like to look over it, that tells you more detail about when this happens. So you said you could hear a difference with words like log, coffee, thought, song. Yeah, I mean how I do it and then versus how you do it. Yes, but then I don't know how to do what you do. I mean, of course it's there, but yeah. Tell you how to do it. Yeah. We haven't gone over this sound yet, so don't worry about it too much. If anything, all you have to just keep in Mind for right now is some of these. Like when I'm saying log, I'm not going to be saying it with the sound we're going after now. So when I say log thought coffee, it's not O. Don't copy what I'm doing there. That's all you have to know for right now. But with other words, like rock shop project. You could see how my jaw drops. Like rock shop project versus like father Pilates. Say that again. Pilates. So my jaw drops a lot more with this than with other sounds. Like the au. Yeah. Or the lack short A. Like father Pilates versus rock shop father or sorry, Father rock. Yeah, Pilates. Hot words like that. I would like for you to go through and read some of these. Pay attention to how much your jaw drops, but also take. Tell me where your tongue is as you're reading. So maybe you're read all of these. Start to integrate it one at a time. Maybe read the first two. Just as you would. Don't think about anything. These are just words. Sure. And then with the next couple, be like, okay, how much now am I dropping my jaw? And then with the last couple, pay attention to your tongue. So kind of warm up to it. You have a few different rows here to kind of integrate. Okay. And I'm not going to think about the original note for now. I'm just going to ignore that. Okay. Yeah, I just. I wanted to take note of that because that's something I do. So you might be like, why are you saying log differently? Yeah, you are saying log, coffee, all of those differently. There's the O is okay. More like a O there. Or au. I don't know. Yeah, it's au. We'll go over. We'll go over what that is. It's like the same sound as an awesome. Okay. All right, let me just read the first two lines. Yes. Rock shop project. Log, shock, Hot. Bottom. Thought. Keep going. Oh, as you're reading. As you're reading. Okay, and now. Now you read those as you would. Now as you're reading, pay attention. Okay. Now where is my jaw? Okay. And with the next ones, be like, okay, where is my tongue? So keep reading and integrate more as you read. Okay. Song not on Coffee. Top. Polish. Object. Dog. Flock. Content. Job. Vodka. Vodka. Stop. Document. Fog. Modern. So how much did you drop your jaw for this? I mean, I'm noticing that I'm dropping my jaw and I also feel that my tongue is moving with it. Yeah, that's my observation. I don't know how accurate that is, but that's my observation. Could you read the first two lines again and just make sure that you drop your jaw a little bit more? So kind of be dramatic with it. So, like, rock chop. Like a little dramatic. Obviously you won't do this in real life, but see how much you can drop your jaw out. Losing the ability to make sound. If you drop your jaw too much, it would just be, oh, but see how much you can drop it as much as you can and still try to make this. Sure. Basically rock. Maybe. Maybe a little less. A little, little less. But yeah. Okay. Sharp. Project log. Shock. Hot. Okay. It's funny. Bottom thought. Okay. That was excessive the way I did it, but, yeah. What do you think? Okay, now read the rest. And as you're reading the rest, you have that, like you said, excessive drop there. Slowly bring it back up until you feel like it's an actual normal jaw movement. So you're starting out very dramatic. You're basically talking like a snake would pronounce this vowel. Kind of detaching the jaw there for a second. Slowly bring it back up with each word. Yeah. Until you find, like, a comfortable. A comfortable balance where you're dropping your jaw more than you were before, but you're not about to eat a mouse hole. Yeah, sure. Something in between. Okay, let's see. Song. Not on. Coffee. Top. Polish. Object. Dog. Flock. Content. Job. Vodka. Stop. Vodka. That. I'm stuck with that one because I just felt. Didn't feel comfortable with that one. Vodka would be natural. I pronounced vodka. That is like. Anyway. Stop. Document. Fog. Modern. Which one did you say you're not comfortable with? Vodka. I. I pronounced vodka like. And that was. So is it because you don't like to drink or. No, no, that was because I was trying to drop in the job. I was trying to drop the jaw, and then it didn't feel natural. Like, o. The vodka. This pronunciation didn't feel natural with dropping the jaw. Yeah. I think you say this sound best with some of the more common ones. The best one you say it is is on. On. On. Okay. But there you'll probably feel this when you say on. Where's your jaw? Where's your tongue? On. On. On. On. On. It's not dropping that much, but it's dropping on. Yeah. What about the word like father and Pilates? Father. Father. It's not dropping that much. And as the tongue is not father, it's not totally at the bottom, I feel. Yeah. All right, so with those two ones. Father. Pilates. I want to say water. So with those ones can you say those real quick? Let's actually go to the lackshore. A practice. Okay. Lacks short. A practice. Yes. Let's read some of these words and then I want you to compare how much you drop your tongue. Where your tongue. You're tall. Okay. Your jaw and your tongue. Okay. We're gonna compare. Okay. So let's do mixed examples. It's a very last page. Okay. Wanting Marley. Just the words, right? Yes. Just paying attention with these words. How much is your jaw dropping? Wanting Marley. Father always. Appalled. Water curd. All garlic. Watermelon. Watermelon jars. Yeah. Huh? I said ew. Like that's a bad combo. Sorry. All right, so you could tell your jaw is dropping maybe like a medium amount for a sound, right? Yes. Do you drop it more with the short O? Uh huh. Yes, yes, yes. So you just want to make sure your short O is dropping more than that sound by noticeable amount. Okay. Would we go over au? Also has to drop more than au. We'll go over that. So words like on. If you go back to the short U, can you read the words that start with this sound? Short O. So like on objects. Okay. Short O. On. Actually, let's open the short O. Practice sheet. Got it. Just so that we have more examples. Okay. Yeah, I have. I'm there. Initial ones. Read the ones that start. Yes. Strange Object. Good. Offer just the word. You don't have to do like strange or good. Off. On. Odd. Olive. Opposite option. Obsolete. Octopus. Optimum offshore obstacle. Often online. Let's go down to medial. Boss. Go ahead and read these. Please. Login. Long day. Pop music. Color model unlocked. Monitor Population. Hot column. Problem. Wrong constellation. All right, so one thing I'm noticing is now that you're dropping your jaw, so your jaw is a lot better. Sounds like your tongue's in a better place. The only thing I'm noticing is it's really good with initial. Short O. So the ones where it's at the beginning, some of them in the middle, it started to. It sounds like maybe your throat is. Maybe you're tensing just a little bit. So just make sure that you relax it. The sound is pretty relaxed. So I would go through practice, the ones at the beginning, and then take those, put them in the middle. So it's sounding a lot better altogether. But the ones at the beginning are perfect. The ones in the middle are just a little tense. What do you say? I'm sorry, Would you say everything that is in the beginning are sounding perfect or are there some. There are a few. Like off. Office. Offer. We're going to go over that. What I'm hearing is that those are words where I would say office offer off that aw sound. The au sound. You're pronouncing it a little bit with the au sound, so it's, like, mostly short. Oh, it's got a little bit of au. Those ones we're gonna have to work out when we go over au. But the actual O sounds are good. Okay. All right, Sounds good, then. All right. Yes. So go ahead, practice that. We'll come back to this. We'll probably actually skip straight to AAU next time just so that we have that there. I will also send you something talking about when we do this so that you have a little more information and you could start to see if other people do it around you. I'm really not sure about Canadians. Well, you have to be in trouble. You have to tell me. Oh, yeah. I. A little bit of a hike for me at the moment, but maybe someday. All right. Let me know if you have any questions after I send this to you. Sure. And we'll go over au next time. Okay, Sounds good. Thank you so much, Sim. Of course. Have a great day. Yeah, you too. Bye, now. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: To your. The document that you sent me, I didn't complete the schwa, but I did the schwa r. And I was looking into some schwa sounds. I have totally forgot everything for sure. So, yeah, that's something that I, of course, need to practice more.

Speaker B: No worries. How about. I think what might be helpful is we go through a couple vowels. We only have a few left, I believe, so we'll get through it in the next few weeks. And then while we're going over short vowels together in class, you review schwa. I can send you practices if you would like.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And then once we're done with all the schwa or the short vowels, we can take a second and kind of regroup. We can practice schwa together. We can, of course, practice it in class if you would like. What do you think would be most helpful?

Speaker A: Well, I can practice on my own because I have all the recordings. Right. I can just re watch those classes and then remember how you taught me and then practice. I don't know. These days, I'm just too distracted for some reason. Yeah. I mean, I had so much time today morning, almost two hours, but I just kept on getting distracted anyway, you

Speaker B: know, like I say, if. Even if you don't have time to sit down, I do give a lot of elaborate, elaborate practices, like the ones where I send, where you have to read, record, go back, look at the cheat sheet. Of course, even if you don't have time for that, just. Just do a little bit. You can take a reading that I haven't sent you. Maybe you're reading a book, anything like that, and just take a couple minutes, read through it. You don't even have to read it out loud. Read in your head and be like, okay, let's try to find schwa. Look up the spelling online. Look up in the dictionary. Does it actually have schwa? It can maybe be the first step. You can go straight to the cheat sheet, read through there and see. Oh, am I pronouncing schwa? Whatever materials I send, you don't have to do the full thing every time. Even if you just take a couple minutes rather than the full thing. It's way better than nothing. I've had some students who I'm like, hey, did you get to the practice? And they're like, no, I didn't. That thing takes me, like half an hour. I didn't have half an hour. I'm like, okay, well, that's if you do every step, which I normally go through every step, because some steps are more helpful. Than others for different people. So, of course, if you only have time to do one step or only have time to do it with a different material or whatever is helpful, go ahead and do that. Like you said, you had a little bit of time, but you kept getting distracted. So if you're like that just doesn't sound interesting. You could always do it with maybe something you're interested in or transfer over to a different type of practice or whatever you think. I also have a different site you remember. Give me just a moment, I'll share it with you. Sure. We've gone over this. Yes,

Speaker A: yes, yes.

Speaker B: So this one you could use for stress practice, but you could also use it for schwa practice as well. If you're reviewing schwa, for example, let me try to find something. How would you say this word

Speaker A: preparation?

Speaker B: So. Yes. So is there anything that you could see? Schwa or schwa?

Speaker A: Yeah, shun is of course that has schwa in it. Preparation. I. I don't think. And there is. Okay, maybe there may be a show in prep. Like that one is naturally. Like, I don't need to change anything. Preparation for which one? I mean, prep. Oration. So that prep. That is not sure.

Speaker B: Is it the A. The second syllable?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Well, let's listen to it and you tell me if you hear the same thing. You're saying preparation. Preparation.

Speaker A: Yeah, preparation. I think we are pronouncing it the same, no?

Speaker B: Yeah. So does that sound like a schwa to you? And if you're not sure, you could always check.

Speaker A: Okay, so it is a schwa. Right. That's a shoa sign, isn't it? I forgot.

Speaker B: Yes. That little upside down.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And with this word, just to know I personally use that as a schwa. R. I say preparation. I'd never say prepa. Ation. That's kind of weird for me. I say preparation. So this is up to the speaker. I personally cut out the psychic syllable altogether. But yeah, this. This could be a good practice for just for stress. But since stress and schwa are also related, you could use it for any sound.

Speaker A: Got it. Yeah.

Speaker B: You have ipa. You could even use this for. I don't know, you could be like, okay, I'm looking for K sounds today. Is it? So I'm trying to see if the word has the letter C. If it has the letter C, is it K or S? For example, in this one, how do you say this word

Speaker A: classification.

Speaker B: Yes. So one is there anishwa.

Speaker A: I will not. How I pronounced it. Yeah, the last one. Yes. Yes. But there are Pro. Maybe another one. Classification. I don't pronounce shua in any. Anywhere else for sure. But there may be one. Maybe there in the third syllable. There may be one.

Speaker B: Let's listen. Classification.

Speaker A: No, there is no show.

Speaker B: Let's see.

Speaker A: Oh, there he is. Didn't sound like that.

Speaker B: Okay, classification. Classification. So how did you pronounce this? Middle syllable?

Speaker A: I pronounced like I. Short I. Classification.

Speaker B: Yeah. So classification instead of classification. It's usually said with schwa. Classification. Okay, so this one. Is this practice. You know, we did it for stress. It could also be helpful for schwa. Like I said, it could be helpful for any sound, but mostly schwa and stress. Okay. But yeah, it could. It could be for anything. If you're trying to figure out, oh, I don't know which a sound that A is making. There's a lot of different A sounds that A's can make. Which one is this? You could do the exact same thing. So this, I think, is a little quicker if you. If you're a little bit overwhelmed or you really don't want to start on one of the bigger readings, you can go into here instead. Yeah, yeah. Because I know sometimes those bigger readings can be a little much to even start to break down. So this could be helpful if you don't have that much time. And of course, you can take the bigger readings or even just the skills that you practice with the bigger readings and use it on something else altogether. Yeah, just. Just a few different ways that my students have found that it's easier to tackle and get started. All right, any questions?

Speaker A: No. What I want. Not on this, but what I wanted to ask you is now that we have covered some vowels, short vowels especially, and also long E. How. I mean, I see there's a long list of things here. So what is the plan? How are you going to cover all these things?

Speaker B: Well, some of these. I don't really hear an issue for you.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: For example, there are some different sounds that are more important than others. The next thing we're going to look at is something called, like the world of T. That's just how T is pronounced in different things. You know, you could see on this list, there's something called a flap T, T at the end of the word, final stops, glottal T, all those different things. So certain things like glottal T and glottal D we're going to. Glottal T we're going to do at the same time. They're basically very similar. Some of these things is going to go through Very quickly. Ng and k, we'll go through together in one minute. I don't think aspiration is something we're going to spend a lot of time on. So if you look at the aspirated consonants, you could see there's a huge group there. We're probably only going to go through a few of those. Definitely not all of them, because aspirated, like, for example, you don't pronounce p wrong.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: We could go through maybe the aspiration itself for that sound, but we're not actually going to go through P, b, t, d, k, and g. So that is going to be a lot more simplified. Some of these fricatives, again, same thing. You don't really have a problem pronouncing X. So there's certain things we won't go over. Some things we'll go over very quickly, or we'll have groups that we go over. And then some things are going to be more important. So once we're done with the vowels, we're going to probably not go in order as much. Things like vowel comparisons. That's a big list there. We're sharing as we go. So we're probably not going to go over these in class. So like you said, there is this big list, but we're going to break it down very carefully together based on your needs.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: It's got to go a lot faster than it looks, basically.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: If that helps with your question at all.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. I was thinking that this is probably going to take four or five years to cover. It looks like a long list. Yeah. But would you say that vowels is the place where I need to improve the most? Is that how it looks like?

Speaker B: I would say vowels? Yeah. Vowels are definitely a big point for a lot of people, partly because of specific accents, but because English has, like, you could see this big list of like, 20, some, like, a lot of vowels, whereas most languages have like five. So English vowels are very important because they're often complex, they're often difficult. They often get mixed around, like short I, long e. But they're also important because that's where most of the misunderstandings come from. For example, if you have a th sound, and a lot of people, like the French will say, zaat, I went to the zaat store. I have a lot of French people, so I have to tease them right now. But they'll be like, I went to that store. And people will still know, like, okay, we know what you're talking about.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: If you say something like, oh, yeah, I really like math. Math is really cool. And it's like, what? And you're trying to say math. That's. That's things that you have to work on a little bit more. So there are sounds that contribute more towards an accent. Like th. If you say butter instead of butter, we're still going to mostly know what you're talking about. But, yeah, vowels are definitely where a lot of the confusion and mixing up words often comes from. So that's one reason we do cover it first.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. All right.

Speaker B: Yeah. So there will be a lot of people around here. I'll be like, yeah, you don't. You don't really pronounce your T's. Or maybe you pronounce like you. You mix up like v and w, which can be pretty confusing, but for the most part, you could still tell. But vowels are what we really base the language and understanding off of, so they're very important.

Speaker A: Got it, Got it. Okay. All right. So what are you going to do next?

Speaker B: Yes, let's go over short O. O. Go ahead and open that one.

Speaker A: Yes, I think.

Speaker B: Go ahead and read the explanation.

Speaker A: Okay, let's do that. Yeah, explanation. This is one of many English vowel sounds that are short, meaning they're simple and static. The same thing, basically using only one mouth morph or position. The tongue and mouth position must be exact so that it is not mistaken for another vowel or spoken indistinctly, causing the listener to ask for clarification. Since the term short refers to the simplicity of the vowel and not the duration, the sound may be stretched in some words and brief in the in others, but it remains in the same position. So it is a short voice vowel. This vowel sound is made by dropping the jaw and tongue. The dropping the jaw and tongue. The tongue remains relaxed, but it drops with the jaw. The mouth is wide since the tongue is dropped in front. All of these movements are done quickly to get into position before the voice comes out, making it a static sound. It is very important to avoid tightening or rounding up. Rounding the lips. Keep them relaxed. Otherwise the sound will be closer to the British pronunciation. The short O is very similar in pronunciation to the lax short A. As such, many people pronounce them the same. The subtle difference between the two, as well as the relevant usage is discussed in another worksheet. Worksheet.

Speaker B: Yes. So what is it saying here?

Speaker A: Okay, I forgot lax shorty, by the way.

Speaker B: Hey, no problem. We're gonna. If it becomes an issue, we'll. There's a comparison sheet.

Speaker A: Give me one example of lack charity. That Will help me remember a little bit.

Speaker B: So remember, lack, short A is the one that often comes after W or before R. Okay. So like father.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Pilates. Got it. That. That one.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay. Yeah. All right, so let's. Yeah. What should we do next?

Speaker B: Yes. So tell me what is happening with the sound? So physically, what is happening? We know it's a short vowel, but what does it say to do with the jaw and the tongue? Because this part is very important for this sound.

Speaker A: Well, I didn't really understand how it's done, but this is what it says here. The sound. It says the sound is made by dropping the jaw and the tongue. And it also says that when dropping the. I mean, the tongue moves down with the jaw.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: I mean, drops with the jaw and the mouth remains open. We are not supposed to tighten the lips, otherwise it will sound like the British pronunciation. So, yeah, that is what it says.

Speaker B: Yes. Basically what it. It's really emphasizing the jaw here. It's doing this because with lacks a. Specifically lacks short A. Sorry, Lax, short A. And we'll see with another sound. Au digraph. It's very similar where the tongue is kind of up in the back, down in the front. It's very similar to those sounds in a lot of ways, but it really emphasizes the jaw, because the thing that keeps them different is how much you drop the jaw. So if you only drop it a little bit, you could see in a word, like Pilates, father. It's kind of like this, but with this one, you drop it more. And what it means when it says drop the tongue with the jaw is just means keep the tongue at the bottom of your mouth and make sure that it goes down. Sometimes people here drop the jaw, and then they keep their tongue here and their tongue's, like, down here.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So they'll have their tongue kind of floating. Just make sure that the tongue stays touching the bottom of your mouth. That's all that means. So let's go ahead and go to the example words I'm going to read. Maybe the first two. You'll be able to see that my jaw drops pretty well here. Okay, so if I go like, rock shop, project, log, shock, hot, bottom. Actually, rock shop, project, log, shock, hot bottom. Thought.

Speaker A: Hold on. So actually, I'm sorry.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: When you pronounced hot, it sounded kind. It's different from the other O's that you pronounced.

Speaker B: Yes. So hot, shop, shock, rock. It's. Yeah, it's probably just because it has the H before it, so it sounds a lot more aspirated. It's the same sound. It might just sound a little more airy because it does have that H in front of it.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So yeah, like shock. It's that ah sh ack ot. It's still that ah sound. You might hear a difference when I read certain words here. Tell me if you could hear the difference with certain words. So rock, shop, project, log, shock, hot bottom, thought, song, not on coffee, top, polish, object, dog, flock, content, job, vodka, stop, document, fog, modern.

Speaker A: Wow. Why is. Is it like a. Almost like a like ah sound? Right? It's not O. It's. It's not O. So it's different. Short way is different. Okay.

Speaker B: Yes. It's good that you could hear the difference. And it actually explains the difference in the regional note.

Speaker A: Oh, should I read that? Where is that?

Speaker B: Yes, please. Right under the examples. So it says kind of in the small print.

Speaker A: Uh huh. For practice, that one.

Speaker B: Nope, under the examples. It was a regional note.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, regional note. You may also hear people pronounce certain words that are recorded that are spelled with O as a U. Example of this include log, coffee, thought, and song. Feel free to adapt the pronunciation pattern patterns most common in your area.

Speaker B: Yes. So this is becoming more and more popular in the U.S. it kind of started, I want to say, say has kind of an eastern, Midwestern kind of thing. So I was right in the wave of it. This is definitely something I do. So it started out there, but it is becoming more popular. I think it's basically taken over a large part of the US at least. Again, like it said, this is something you're going to have to listen for. Kind of see if this is a Canadian thing as well. So you'll have to see one, what you're comfortable with and two, how other people speak. So whatever type of accent you want to form based on your preferences and the preferences of those around you. When we go over au, we'll come back to this, but just keep in mind some of these will be pronounced differently. And I will send you a site if you would like to look over it, that tells you more detail about when this happens. So you said you could hear a difference with words like log, coffee, thought, song.

Speaker A: Yeah, I mean how I do it and then versus how you do it. Yes, but then I don't know how to do what you do. I mean, of course it's there, but yeah. Tell you how to do it.

Speaker B: Yeah. We haven't gone over this sound yet, so don't worry about it too much. If anything, all you have to just keep in Mind for right now is some of these. Like when I'm saying log, I'm not going to be saying it with the sound we're going after now. So when I say log thought coffee, it's not O. Don't copy what I'm doing there. That's all you have to know for right now. But with other words, like rock shop project. You could see how my jaw drops. Like rock shop project versus like father Pilates. Say that again. Pilates. So my jaw drops a lot more with this than with other sounds. Like the au.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Or the lack short A. Like father Pilates versus rock shop father or sorry, Father rock. Yeah, Pilates. Hot words like that. I would like for you to go through and read some of these. Pay attention to how much your jaw drops, but also take. Tell me where your tongue is as you're reading. So maybe you're read all of these. Start to integrate it one at a time. Maybe read the first two. Just as you would. Don't think about anything. These are just words.

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker B: And then with the next couple, be like, okay, how much now am I dropping my jaw? And then with the last couple, pay attention to your tongue. So kind of warm up to it. You have a few different rows here to kind of integrate.

Speaker A: Okay. And I'm not going to think about the original note for now. I'm just going to ignore that. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, I just. I wanted to take note of that because that's something I do. So you might be like, why are you saying log differently?

Speaker A: Yeah, you are saying log, coffee, all of those differently. There's the O is okay. More like a O there. Or au. I don't know.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's au. We'll go over. We'll go over what that is. It's like the same sound as an awesome.

Speaker A: Okay. All right, let me just read the first two lines.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Rock shop project. Log, shock, Hot. Bottom. Thought.

Speaker B: Keep going. Oh, as you're reading. As you're reading. Okay, and now. Now you read those as you would. Now as you're reading, pay attention. Okay. Now where is my jaw?

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And with the next ones, be like, okay, where is my tongue? So keep reading and integrate more as you read. Okay.

Speaker A: Song not on Coffee. Top. Polish. Object. Dog. Flock. Content. Job. Vodka. Vodka. Stop. Document. Fog. Modern.

Speaker B: So how much did you drop your jaw for this?

Speaker A: I mean, I'm noticing that I'm dropping my jaw and I also feel that my tongue is moving with it. Yeah, that's my observation. I don't know how accurate that is, but that's my observation.

Speaker B: Could you read the first two lines again and just make sure that you drop your jaw a little bit more? So kind of be dramatic with it. So, like, rock chop. Like a little dramatic. Obviously you won't do this in real life, but see how much you can drop your jaw out. Losing the ability to make sound. If you drop your jaw too much, it would just be, oh, but see how much you can drop it as much as you can and still try to make this.

Speaker A: Sure. Basically rock.

Speaker B: Maybe. Maybe a little less. A little, little less. But yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Sharp. Project log. Shock. Hot. Okay. It's funny. Bottom thought. Okay. That was excessive the way I did it, but, yeah. What do you think?

Speaker B: Okay, now read the rest. And as you're reading the rest, you have that, like you said, excessive drop there. Slowly bring it back up until you feel like it's an actual normal jaw movement. So you're starting out very dramatic. You're basically talking like a snake would pronounce this vowel. Kind of detaching the jaw there for a second. Slowly bring it back up with each word.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Until you find, like, a comfortable. A comfortable balance where you're dropping your jaw more than you were before, but you're not about to eat a mouse hole.

Speaker A: Yeah, sure.

Speaker B: Something in between.

Speaker A: Okay, let's see. Song. Not on. Coffee. Top. Polish. Object. Dog. Flock.

Speaker B: Content.

Speaker A: Job. Vodka. Stop. Vodka. That. I'm stuck with that one because I just felt. Didn't feel comfortable with that one. Vodka would be natural. I pronounced vodka. That is like. Anyway. Stop. Document. Fog. Modern.

Speaker B: Which one did you say you're not comfortable with?

Speaker A: Vodka. I. I pronounced vodka like. And that was.

Speaker B: So is it because you don't like to drink or.

Speaker A: No, no, that was because I was trying to drop in the job. I was trying to drop the jaw, and then it didn't feel natural. Like, o. The vodka. This pronunciation didn't feel natural with dropping the jaw.

Speaker B: Yeah. I think you say this sound best with some of the more common ones. The best one you say it is is on.

Speaker A: On.

Speaker B: On.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: But there you'll probably feel this when you say on. Where's your jaw? Where's your tongue? On.

Speaker A: On.

Speaker B: On.

Speaker A: On. On. It's not dropping that much, but it's dropping on.

Speaker B: Yeah. What about the word like father and Pilates?

Speaker A: Father. Father. It's not dropping that much. And as the tongue is not father, it's not totally at the bottom, I feel.

Speaker B: Yeah. All right, so with those two ones. Father. Pilates. I want to say water. So with those ones can you say those real quick? Let's actually go to the lackshore. A practice.

Speaker A: Okay. Lacks short. A practice. Yes.

Speaker B: Let's read some of these words and then I want you to compare how much you drop your tongue. Where your tongue. You're tall.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Your jaw and your tongue.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: We're gonna compare. Okay. So let's do mixed examples. It's a very last page.

Speaker A: Okay. Wanting Marley. Just the words, right?

Speaker B: Yes. Just paying attention with these words. How much is your jaw dropping?

Speaker A: Wanting Marley. Father always. Appalled. Water curd. All garlic. Watermelon. Watermelon jars.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Huh?

Speaker B: I said ew. Like that's a bad combo. Sorry. All right, so you could tell your jaw is dropping maybe like a medium amount for a sound, right?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Do you drop it more with the short O?

Speaker A: Uh huh.

Speaker B: Yes, yes, yes. So you just want to make sure your short O is dropping more than that sound by noticeable amount.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Would we go over au? Also has to drop more than au. We'll go over that. So words like on. If you go back to the short U, can you read the words that start with this sound?

Speaker A: Short O.

Speaker B: So like on objects.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Short O.

Speaker A: On.

Speaker B: Actually, let's open the short O. Practice sheet.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: Just so that we have more examples.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, I have. I'm there. Initial ones.

Speaker B: Read the ones that start. Yes.

Speaker A: Strange Object. Good.

Speaker B: Offer just the word. You don't have to do like strange or good.

Speaker A: Off. On. Odd. Olive. Opposite option. Obsolete. Octopus. Optimum offshore obstacle. Often online.

Speaker B: Let's go down to medial.

Speaker A: Boss.

Speaker B: Go ahead and read these. Please.

Speaker A: Login. Long day. Pop music. Color model unlocked. Monitor Population. Hot column. Problem. Wrong constellation.

Speaker B: All right, so one thing I'm noticing is now that you're dropping your jaw, so your jaw is a lot better. Sounds like your tongue's in a better place. The only thing I'm noticing is it's really good with initial. Short O. So the ones where it's at the beginning, some of them in the middle, it started to. It sounds like maybe your throat is. Maybe you're tensing just a little bit. So just make sure that you relax it. The sound is pretty relaxed. So I would go through practice, the ones at the beginning, and then take those, put them in the middle. So it's sounding a lot better altogether. But the ones at the beginning are perfect. The ones in the middle are just a little tense.

Speaker A: What do you say? I'm sorry, Would you say everything that is in the beginning are sounding perfect or are there some.

Speaker B: There are a few. Like off. Office. Offer. We're going to go over that. What I'm hearing is that those are words where I would say office offer off that aw sound. The au sound. You're pronouncing it a little bit with the au sound, so it's, like, mostly short. Oh, it's got a little bit of au. Those ones we're gonna have to work out when we go over au. But the actual O sounds are good.

Speaker A: Okay. All right, Sounds good, then.

Speaker B: All right. Yes. So go ahead, practice that. We'll come back to this. We'll probably actually skip straight to AAU next time just so that we have that there. I will also send you something talking about when we do this so that you have a little more information and you could start to see if other people do it around you. I'm really not sure about Canadians.

Speaker A: Well, you have to be in trouble.

Speaker B: You have to tell me. Oh, yeah. I. A little bit of a hike for me at the moment, but maybe someday. All right. Let me know if you have any questions after I send this to you.

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker B: And we'll go over au next time.

Speaker A: Okay, Sounds good. Thank you so much, Sim.

Speaker B: Of course. Have a great day.

Speaker A: Yeah, you too. Bye, now.

Speaker B: Bye.

