Transcript for: Recording__939.mp4
Title: Recording #939
============================================================

Both, you know, everyone kind of wants to come. Let's see. Okay. I would be very frank. I'm a bit scared. Oh, don't be scared. I don't know what. I haven't. I don't have the other presentation yet, so the new one, the other guy. Okay. Okay. Just 15 minutes. So let's. Here, let me just scare some. Share. We're on zoom. Share. Okay. You have to let me share. You can share. Okay. Oh, yeah. And back to. Back to back meetings. And my daughter is moving, so. Okay. And she's like, I want to come over, mommy. And I'm like, ah, one second. Okay. What? And I have. Back to back. I have a meeting right after. But let's see what we can do here. So this will be a good try run for everything. A. You might get a few small clients out of it. You might get as a client. So we'll talk about that. Because my guy is Matt, but I don't know. He's big. Big. He's big. Big brands. Okay, perfect, perfect. We can format this a little bit, but that looks good. That's what we did. Pretty. Okay. Okay, perfect. Now let's look at this. This is really good. Perfect. So there's just some stuff spacing that's bugging me a little bit here. So we'll give it some air. And you need like a file name and page numbers and stuff like that. Okay, let's read this file number by that. What do you mean by that? Pardon? What do you mean by file number? Oh, page numbers. Okay, file name. So just put confidential at the bottom and page numbers. I apologize. Page numbers and file name. So here you put a little confidential and you have it on every page like in the footer. A little confidential. And every page will have the little confidential and then page numbers on the right. So if you made it with. Great. You can show me. Like that'll be our next project. You can show me how that worked. Okay, so here, so this goes in italics. We'll do this in. Yeah, they will probably look a lot better after I do it with gamma. Yeah. Okay. So this is pre. Gamma. Oh, okay. Yeah. So I'll just kind of give you. Okay. I won't spend too much time on it, but I just want to kind of show you a little bit like small, little, you know, like you put. You put one in a color and then the name. And then this doesn't need to be italics. This is small, little minor formatting thing. But it. This is fantastic. So this is perfect. Okay, very good. Work. Okay, now I said the step one is account audit. And now I'm going to take a look at different things when I'm doing that audit. And I'm talking about the different steps inside the audit. So here on the left I'm talking about the reviewing the product, performance in general, how much the sale and the conversion rate. Last column is conversion rate and on the right it's if they're already selling the products, if that's the account that we have, then I'm also going to take a look at their cost, do a mini audit. Cost and profitability audit. Perfect. I want to do a dry run tomorrow, but just. So just present it like I don't want to take 15 minutes, but just give me a mini presentation and then we'll do a full dry run tomorrow. But that's excellent. That's very good. So show me this. So pretend you're presenting this. Okay, now this is now at the product level or the SKU level on the page before which. Yeah, okay. So this is SKU level and the page before was account level. Account level. Okay, so we'll just put that in the title. Okay. Okay. Just so the. Whatever you say shows up here. So that's perfect. So this is at the brand level, right? Yeah, yeah, perfect. Okay, very good. Okay. And this is. Now we are going into the ads. We're doing ad performance review. This is something that. Here I'm taking a look at the campaign structures and how the budget has been allocated across different ad types. Yep. And Truro as. That's all good. And what's the difference between this one and this one? This one is search term analysis. Taking a look at the search terms at the SKU level where we can find opportunities. Which ones are. Yeah, tell me more like. I just want one. What is the diff. The simple. What is the difference between page seven and eight? So page seven is. Page seven is. It's talking about a campaign structure, budget allocation and true ROAS audit. Basically what I have written below the image. Pardon? Say that again. Can you see what I have written below the image? Just below the image? Campaign structure. Yeah. Okay. That's exactly what I'm talking about. I'm going to put that up here. Okay. Okay, that's good. So you'll. You'll format the. And then pay this one here. Okay, perfect. I'm going to put this up here just because like your headline is super important in your sales decks. And this is what you're going to say. Your headline is what you're going to say so. Perfect. That's all good. That's great. Okay, so that's good so far here. I'm talking about the account content audit. So I'm going to take a look at their listings, their storefront, and see where each of their listings stand. Yep. Awesome. Now we get into strategy. Exactly. Based on the audit, I'm going to work on a strategy, come up with a strategy for them. So the first one is about offering this little. Yep. No, I got it. I got it. And you use this awesome little Amazon model. Perfect. Yeah. So does the strategy include FBA versus FBM or not? In general, we would prefer to do fba. So even if they're doing a bm, we'd probably push for mba. Yeah, yeah, but you can say that, right? Like the, the starting point is FBA versus FBM. You might have to take 30 seconds to explain this in the meeting. Okay, so they don't have any idea at all? No. Assume they don't. Assume they don't. And then don't say we prefer to do. Just remember like you're. It's about your client, the selfish client. So it's more about our. Our clients are. Will be more profitable and successful with fba. Right. Like just how you answer. Right. So just. It's about the clients, not about you. Okay. Right. Because like it's your job. Like it. I'm just coaching you in pitching right now. So like you can just. Now, does one piece still exist? Is one piece still existence or not anymore? It's there, but it. It's invitation only, so. Okay. Okay. So take a few minutes to explain this and maybe put even one. You know, FDA preferred FBM is, you know, fulfilling, fulfilling. Fulfilled by merchant. Yeah, fulfilled by merchant. I guess I mean fulfilled by Merchant need your own 3 PL fulfilled by Amazon bulk shipments. So it's bulk bulk shipments to Amazon and then they take a 20. 15% fee. Right. Perfect. So then you just kind of explain it that. That much. They take 15% fee regardless whether you do a BM or a B. Doesn't matter. Pardon? They take the 15% fee regardless of a B or a BM. Really? Since when? It's how it is. It's just a referral fee. So that, I mean, it's like they're getting you a customer, so that's why they're taking the commission. So why. And what? 1P is all. Is 15% also, right? No, it depends. 1P is there. You will have to negotiate the rate. You will agree on a mutual. I mean, there's a co op fee. It's not referral fee anymore. It's a co op fee. Okay, perfect. So perfect. So you look smart. You can explain that this is super dumb to do if it's the same in the past. When we set up Lovegood Fats, this did not have the 15 fee. Okay so but if it does now, like it's like why would anybody do fbm, right? Like how can you even make money? Because here they pay the marketing, right? Oh no, sorry. You have to pay the market. Both. Yeah, yeah. The only difference is for FBA, Amazon will do the fulfillment for you, right? That is for most CPGs, that will be more cost effective. Okay, perfect. Okay, perfect. We'll have to delete that. So here what I'm. It's basically now after the strategy. I mean there are a few things that we will agree on when you're doing the strategy, whether it's content or advertising. So now I'm talking about the content. What do we. I'm describing the process. Like what do they have to do clients have to do if they want to do perform really well and convert well on the platform. So the first, it's my process. I try to understand the competitors and the use cases based on the reviews that the customers. Soham do you do. Do you do the studying the audience or they need to. Okay, I do. So you keep studying the audience so this I can delete. Right. So you'll study the audience. Then what's this? Page 12? What's that? Oh, okay. Also that it's continued. Yep. So I'm doing the first of all, I'm trying to understand the use cases, the context, how they use it, the kind of benefits they get, what they like about the like and dislike about the existing options. I do that study understanding the product and based on that we can decide what exactly we need to talk about in our listing. What needs to be focused more, what we can ignore. Basically the talking point. So based on these things, we will write the title, the bullet points, we can implement the same concept for a content and also listing images. Basically everything that we write on our listing is going to be based on this. Even if we create any video, whether it's a hero video or ad video, it will be based on this. Okay, this is awesome. And then you implement SEO copy. So the client has to sign off on this. That's super important. Okay, okay. Then you implement the copy. Then you drive traffic ads. Yes. Yep, I got it. That's. This deck's awesome. Then you drive traffic. What this is kind of boring here. What's this red thing? You can play it. It's a video. Oh, okay. But so that's boring. You'll have to put the video. Like either put a picture where the video is playing or put a picture here. Don't have just a burgundy thing. This is video ads. Video ads, yeah. So just fix this so it's not boring. Like put. Take another screenshot where there's a woman smiling. Yeah. Okay, so now we are still talking about ads. But this is more about the analytics here. We're trying to understand the SKU level, lifetime value, retention rate, repeat purchase behavior. This is usually quite difficult to get from Amazon. It's not readily available. So these are the kind. So if you take a look at this data, for example, this is for one product. And if you take a look at November under the cohort size, you see 635. That's the number of unique customers we acquired for that product in that month. If we Compare to the 12 months prior to that. So those 630. The analysis is on that 635 customers, how they behaved with our brand or interacted with our brand down the line for the next 12 months. And you will see if you take a look at the LTV column, in the first month alone, some of them came back and then it was 30.76 $. And eventually some of them repeated in December and that percentage, about 24.72% of those customers repeated again in December. Similarly, you will see towards the end of 12 months, even in October 2024, we had 15% of them. 15% fall, 4.43% repeat purchase. So if you add up all these, assign a dollar value to them and add up, then it comes down to $103. Compare that to the first purchase of $30. Right. So if we have. Yeah, this is fantastic. Just so to play it back. So the brand started in November and you sold 635 or this is the last 12 months. This is. No, they didn't start in December. That month in November. But I'm just starting from my analysis from the month of November 2020. Okay, that's all but this. So you started in November where you had like say from the past three years, 600 customers with a lifetime value of $30. And 12 months later, you have how many customers compared to the 635? How many do you have? This is based on this first line or the November, the first row. What you see is. It's the analysis, the entire analysis is on that 635 customers, how did they behave over 12 months? So if you were 12 months. Right. But is December over 12 months too? No. One month, right? Yes. So in December they just, it's just the second month for them. Those 600, this is 12. So just to clarify, and again, we'll rehearse tomorrow, but this is 12 month data. And this is one month data. All of these are one month data. Everything's one month's data. Okay. The last column, the total, there's. That's where you get to see the cumulative data. So these 600. So you inherited. You did an analysis in November. There was 635 active customers that had purchased nearly 1,000 for. With $20,000 of revenue. 12 months later, you have the same 66,000 from the same customers, but the same 635. You didn't grow the customers. No, we did. So here what we are doing is that we are defining the cohort size as the unique customers we acquired in the month of November 2023. And we are doing this analysis on the same group for the next 12 months. Now, if you want to say, if you want to ask me, did I not acquire new customers? Yes. If you take a look at December 2023, we acquired 581 new customers. So yeah, and then we did that analysis over the next 11 months and tried to understand how did those customers, those unique customers down the line. So you had 635 in this month and their past 12 month purchases went from 20,000 to 66. But then you acquired a new 581 here, a new 581 and then a new 451. So. So the sum is 66, 36, 24 plus 10. Yeah, yeah, exactly. That's how it's going to be. Okay, so put little kind of circles and ovals on it. I didn't understand it at first, but that makes a lot of sense. Like this is how weight watchers work too. So just put little circles. Like basically put a circle here and put the number of like 66 plus 36 is 100. You know, 120. Put 120 here versus six 66. Right. Or sorry. So where did you go from total brand? Just keep it simple. Total brand, you went from what to what you went from. Oh, no, it's not to show that, Suzy. It's a different thing. I'm just trying to give. I'm just trying to show that instead of thinking in a very short term that you're probably thinking about Instant ruins. Right? You can think in a longer time horizon. The same number of customers who purchase just $30 from you, they can end up purchasing $103 in 12 months. So you can afford to spend more to acquire those customers. Agree? I agree. That's a really good point. So write down that point in your notes because that's how you should present it. Remember, the audience is going to be like 10 to 40 people. And you have to help. You have to present it in a way that they understand. Like they don't speak your language. I don't speak your. I. I've worked on Amazon for 10 years and I don't, you know, it's taking me five minutes to digest this. So I just want to help you kind of present in a way that your audience doesn't need to become Amazon experts, but they have to believe. They have to A, understand you, like understand what you're saying, and B, has to make sense. So I think there's two, two ideas here. So one idea is. I'll just write it, you know, here. So one idea is the same cohort and you can reword it, but of 635 customers, grows, grew from, grew to. Sorry. Went from buying past 12 months, 66,000 to 100 to how much? Or sorry, $30. So $30, $30, 76 per order to 103. Right. So that's one idea. Okay, so that's a great idea. So that's fantastic. And then the second idea, which I was asking you and let me know if it, if you can read it on this chart, can you, can you have the total of the brand, the brand was selling how much in November and then a year later is selling how much. Is that possible? Sure. When, like maybe not on this chart, but do you have. Because I know you have to do all these. Right. Can you do. Can you find the number the. When the brand went from selling past 12 months? 66,000. It's just for one product. So it's more than that. Actually. I'll give you keep that. Yeah. To xx. But I'm assuming that you would take each of these, right. December, January, February, March, April, blah, blah, blah, blah. And you add them up. So it's going to be a big number, right? It's going to be like 200,000 or something here in 12 months. Yeah, we'll have to see that. I mean, in 12 months, a way more than that. It's probably going to be in more than a million. One point something million. So you're going to go from 66,000 to 1 million. No, it's not that, Susie. So okay, re. Explain it then. Yeah, okay, let's explain it. Okay, sure. And also, I mean what I'll say is adding up the totals, in the end it will not give you the 12 months total number. It's a different kind of analysis. This analysis focuses just on lifetime value repeat purchase behavior. That's all. What I can say is because we understood these concepts, we could prioritize advertising the right products, allocate budgets towards the right products. And because of that, in the month of November 2023, this account sold this much. And towards the end in October 2024, this brand sold this much. Is that something that will work? Or I can also say you like, you just have to kind of be careful. Like what you're saying is, trust me, we're smart. Look at all this stuff. But we still need the big picture numbers. So here your lifetime value is $30 and it goes down to 45. So what? So what's that all about? So help. Just, let's just do little bits. So how does it go $30 and go down? Because this is a 12 monon number and this is a one month number. I'm going to tell you that. Okay, so let's focus on just the first. November row, November 2023. We acquired 635 unique customers. Good. Yes. Now out of those 635 you will see how many customers repeated in December 157. Right. And then they purchase 405,000 something dollars. Now if you divide 4574538 with 635, you get 7.15. So we are assigning that dollar value. Like we're trying to calculate the per customer dollar value for every month. Yep. Understand. Now if we add up those numbers for all 12 months, that's basically the lifetime value, average lifetime value per customer for this 635. I understand. Yep, understand. Okay, I understand that I understand because I did Weight Watchers for four years. Okay, that I understand. Now in December you had 581 active, of which 157 came from November. And others. No, no. December 581. These are the unique customers that we acquired in the month of December. And this doesn't include any customer from the last 12 months. Oh. No, no, I get it, I get it. I just want to. I, I get it. So what's a good summary? Because this is too high level. Let's leave this like. Okay, so budget, you're Missing verbs, but you know, budget allocation. Budget is allocated. Allocated to specific products, ad types and keywords based on your objectives. So that's a good sentence. Below. Below. The same cohort of 635 customers in November 2023 went from. Went from lifetime value, lifetime value of. To 103. So that's true, right? Because there's going to be a few experts on the call and I don't want them to criticize my words. So this is true, right? This is true. Okay. And then what you can say is, why don't we summarize the rest? Every new month, more customers are acquired. That's true, right. It's called the waterfall. So we'll just call it waterfall. Waterfall effect. We'll call it that because you can see the waterfall and you can even do a visual. Every new month, new customers are acquired and lifetime value is increased over time. Okay, so your objective here is that you're smart, you know how to do this, you know how to allocate the budgets. But this type of waterfall is awesome. If someone ask you, what did the brand go from November here to November here? Can you have those numbers ready? Yeah, I can get ready with the monthly sales, total sales, anything. Just have, like, just have. I'm just going to put it in red here, but just have. Have handy. This brand, November 2023, total revenue was what? And then November 2024 or October 24th. Okay, just so you have it handy, because part I, that's why I want to reverse to. To rehearse tomorrow. This is good. Okay, so this is fantastic. I have another call. This is fantastic. Can you finish the formatting and or like either you finish the formatting and or go to Gamma right away. Let me resend it to you. Resend it to me right away and we'll hop on a call right away. Like, it's really good, but I'm going to re. I want to rehearse presenting to you. Sure. Yeah. Okay, perfect. Resend it to me and just DM me. Yeah, perfect. Okay, thank you, Susie. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Both, you know, everyone kind of wants to come. Let's see. Okay.

Speaker B: I would be very frank. I'm a bit scared.

Speaker A: Oh, don't be scared. I don't know what. I haven't. I don't have the other presentation yet, so the new one, the other guy.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Just 15 minutes. So let's. Here, let me just scare some.

Speaker B: Share.

Speaker A: We're on zoom. Share. Okay. You have to let me share.

Speaker B: You can share.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah.

Speaker A: And back to. Back to back meetings. And my daughter is moving, so.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And she's like, I want to come over, mommy. And I'm like, ah, one second.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: What? And I have. Back to back. I have a meeting right after. But let's see what we can do here. So this will be a good try run for everything. A. You might get a few small clients out of it. You might get as a client. So we'll talk about that. Because my guy is Matt, but I don't know. He's big. Big. He's big. Big brands. Okay, perfect, perfect. We can format this a little bit, but that looks good. That's what we did. Pretty. Okay. Okay, perfect. Now let's look at this. This is really good. Perfect. So there's just some stuff spacing that's bugging me a little bit here. So we'll give it some air. And you need like a file name and page numbers and stuff like that. Okay, let's read this file number by that.

Speaker B: What do you mean by that?

Speaker A: Pardon?

Speaker B: What do you mean by file number?

Speaker A: Oh, page numbers. Okay, file name. So just put confidential at the bottom and page numbers. I apologize. Page numbers and file name. So here you put a little confidential and you have it on every page like in the footer. A little confidential. And every page will have the little confidential and then page numbers on the right. So if you made it with. Great. You can show me. Like that'll be our next project. You can show me how that worked. Okay, so here, so this goes in italics. We'll do this in.

Speaker B: Yeah, they will probably look a lot better after I do it with gamma.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. So this is pre. Gamma. Oh, okay. Yeah. So I'll just kind of give you. Okay. I won't spend too much time on it, but I just want to kind of show you a little bit like small, little, you know, like you put. You put one in a color and then the name. And then this doesn't need to be italics. This is small, little minor formatting thing. But it. This is fantastic. So this is perfect. Okay, very good. Work. Okay, now

Speaker B: I said the step one is account audit. And now I'm going to take a look at different things when I'm doing that audit. And I'm talking about the different steps inside the audit. So here on the left I'm talking about the reviewing the product, performance in general, how much the sale and the conversion rate. Last column is conversion rate and on the right it's if they're already selling the products, if that's the account that we have, then I'm also going to take a look at their cost, do a mini audit. Cost and profitability audit.

Speaker A: Perfect. I want to do a dry run tomorrow, but just. So just present it like I don't want to take 15 minutes, but just give me a mini presentation and then we'll do a full dry run tomorrow. But that's excellent. That's very good. So show me this. So pretend you're presenting this.

Speaker B: Okay, now this is now at the product level or the SKU level on the page before which. Yeah, okay.

Speaker A: So this is SKU level and the page before was account level. Account level. Okay, so we'll just put that in the title.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. Just so the. Whatever you say shows up here. So that's perfect. So this is at the brand level, right?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, perfect.

Speaker A: Okay, very good. Okay.

Speaker B: And this is. Now we are going into the ads. We're doing ad performance review. This is something that. Here I'm taking a look at the campaign structures and how the budget has been allocated across different ad types.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: And Truro as.

Speaker A: That's all good. And what's the difference between this one and this one?

Speaker B: This one is search term analysis. Taking a look at the search terms at the SKU level where we can find opportunities. Which ones are.

Speaker A: Yeah, tell me more like. I just want one. What is the diff. The simple. What is the difference between page seven and eight? So page seven is.

Speaker B: Page seven is. It's talking about a campaign structure, budget allocation and true ROAS audit. Basically what I have written below the image.

Speaker A: Pardon? Say that again.

Speaker B: Can you see what I have written below the image? Just below the image? Campaign structure. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: That's exactly what I'm talking about.

Speaker A: I'm going to put that up here.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay, that's good. So you'll. You'll format the. And then pay this one here. Okay, perfect. I'm going to put this up here just because like your headline is super important in your sales decks. And this is what you're going to say. Your headline is what you're going to say so. Perfect. That's all good. That's great. Okay, so that's good so far

Speaker B: here. I'm talking about the account content audit. So I'm going to take a look at their listings, their storefront, and see where each of their listings stand.

Speaker A: Yep. Awesome. Now we get into strategy.

Speaker B: Exactly. Based on the audit, I'm going to work on a strategy, come up with a strategy for them. So the first one is about offering this little.

Speaker A: Yep. No, I got it. I got it. And you use this awesome little Amazon model. Perfect.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So does the strategy include FBA versus FBM or not?

Speaker B: In general, we would prefer to do fba. So even if they're doing a bm, we'd probably push for mba.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, but you can say that, right? Like the, the starting point is FBA versus FBM. You might have to take 30 seconds to explain this in the meeting.

Speaker B: Okay, so they don't have any idea at all? No.

Speaker A: Assume they don't. Assume they don't. And then don't say we prefer to do. Just remember like you're. It's about your client, the selfish client. So it's more about our. Our clients are. Will be more profitable and successful with fba. Right. Like just how you answer. Right. So just. It's about the clients, not about you.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Right. Because like it's your job. Like it. I'm just coaching you in pitching right now. So like you can just. Now, does one piece still exist? Is one piece still existence or not anymore?

Speaker B: It's there, but it. It's invitation only, so.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So take a few minutes to explain this and maybe put even one. You know, FDA preferred FBM is, you know, fulfilling, fulfilling.

Speaker B: Fulfilled by merchant.

Speaker A: Yeah, fulfilled by merchant. I guess I mean fulfilled by Merchant need your own 3 PL fulfilled by Amazon bulk shipments. So it's bulk bulk shipments to Amazon and then they take a 20. 15% fee. Right. Perfect. So then you just kind of explain it that. That much.

Speaker B: They take 15% fee regardless whether you do a BM or a B. Doesn't matter.

Speaker A: Pardon?

Speaker B: They take the 15% fee regardless of a B or a BM.

Speaker A: Really? Since when?

Speaker B: It's how it is. It's just a referral fee. So that, I mean, it's like they're getting you a customer, so that's why they're taking the commission.

Speaker A: So why. And what? 1P is all. Is 15% also, right?

Speaker B: No, it depends. 1P is there. You will have to negotiate the rate. You will agree on a mutual. I mean, there's a co op fee. It's not referral fee anymore. It's a co op fee.

Speaker A: Okay, perfect. So perfect. So you look smart. You can explain that this is super dumb to do if it's the same in the past. When we set up Lovegood Fats, this did not have the 15 fee. Okay so but if it does now, like it's like why would anybody do fbm, right? Like how can you even make money? Because here they pay the marketing, right? Oh no, sorry. You have to pay the market. Both.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. The only difference is for FBA, Amazon will do the fulfillment for you, right? That is for most CPGs, that will be more cost effective.

Speaker A: Okay, perfect. Okay, perfect.

Speaker B: We'll have to delete that. So here what I'm. It's basically now after the strategy. I mean there are a few things that we will agree on when you're doing the strategy, whether it's content or advertising. So now I'm talking about the content. What do we. I'm describing the process. Like what do they have to do clients have to do if they want to do perform really well and convert well on the platform. So the first, it's my process. I try to understand the competitors and the use cases based on the reviews that the customers.

Speaker A: Soham do you do. Do you do the studying the audience or they need to. Okay, I do. So you keep studying the audience so this I can delete. Right. So you'll study the audience. Then what's this? Page 12? What's that? Oh, okay.

Speaker B: Also that it's continued.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: So I'm doing the first of all, I'm trying to understand the use cases, the context, how they use it, the kind of benefits they get, what they like about the like and dislike about the existing options. I do that study understanding the product and based on that we can decide what exactly we need to talk about in our listing. What needs to be focused more, what we can ignore. Basically the talking point. So based on these things, we will write the title, the bullet points, we can implement the same concept for a content and also listing images. Basically everything that we write on our listing is going to be based on this. Even if we create any video, whether it's a hero video or ad video, it will be based on this.

Speaker A: Okay, this is awesome. And then you implement SEO copy. So the client has to sign off on this. That's super important. Okay, okay. Then you implement the copy. Then you drive traffic ads.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Yep, I got it. That's. This deck's awesome. Then you drive traffic. What this is kind of boring here. What's this red thing?

Speaker B: You can play it. It's a video.

Speaker A: Oh, okay. But so that's boring. You'll have to put the video. Like either put a picture where the video is playing or put a picture here. Don't have just a burgundy thing. This is video ads.

Speaker B: Video ads, yeah.

Speaker A: So just fix this so it's not boring. Like put. Take another screenshot where there's a woman smiling.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, so now we are still talking about ads. But this is more about the analytics here. We're trying to understand the SKU level, lifetime value, retention rate, repeat purchase behavior. This is usually quite difficult to get from Amazon. It's not readily available. So these are the kind. So if you take a look at this data, for example, this is for one product. And if you take a look at November under the cohort size, you see 635. That's the number of unique customers we acquired for that product in that month. If we Compare to the 12 months prior to that. So those 630. The analysis is on that 635 customers, how they behaved with our brand or interacted with our brand down the line for the next 12 months. And you will see if you take a look at the LTV column, in the first month alone, some of them came back and then it was 30.76 $. And eventually some of them repeated in December and that percentage, about 24.72% of those customers repeated again in December. Similarly, you will see towards the end of 12 months, even in October 2024, we had 15% of them. 15% fall, 4.43% repeat purchase. So if you add up all these, assign a dollar value to them and add up, then it comes down to $103. Compare that to the first purchase of $30. Right. So if we have.

Speaker A: Yeah, this is fantastic. Just so to play it back. So the brand started in November and you sold 635 or this is the last 12 months.

Speaker B: This is. No, they didn't start in December. That month in November. But I'm just starting from my analysis from the month of November 2020.

Speaker A: Okay, that's all but this. So you started in November where you had like say from the past three years, 600 customers with a lifetime value of $30. And 12 months later, you have how many customers compared to the 635? How many do you have?

Speaker B: This is based on this first line or the November, the first row. What you see is. It's the analysis, the entire analysis is on that 635 customers, how did they behave over 12 months? So if you were 12 months.

Speaker A: Right. But is December over 12 months too? No. One month, right?

Speaker B: Yes. So in December they just, it's just the second month for them. Those 600, this is 12.

Speaker A: So just to clarify, and again, we'll rehearse tomorrow, but this is 12 month data. And this is one month data. All of these are one month data.

Speaker B: Everything's one month's data.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: The last column, the total, there's. That's where you get to see the cumulative data. So these 600.

Speaker A: So you inherited. You did an analysis in November. There was 635 active customers that had purchased nearly 1,000 for. With $20,000 of revenue. 12 months later, you have the same 66,000 from the same customers, but the same 635. You didn't grow the customers.

Speaker B: No, we did. So here what we are doing is that we are defining the cohort size as the unique customers we acquired in the month of November 2023. And we are doing this analysis on the same group for the next 12 months. Now, if you want to say, if you want to ask me, did I not acquire new customers? Yes. If you take a look at December 2023, we acquired 581 new customers. So yeah, and then we did that analysis over the next 11 months and tried to understand how did those customers, those unique customers down the line.

Speaker A: So you had 635 in this month and their past 12 month purchases went from 20,000 to 66. But then you acquired a new 581 here, a new 581 and then a new 451. So. So the sum is 66, 36, 24 plus 10.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, exactly. That's how it's going to be.

Speaker A: Okay, so put little kind of circles and ovals on it. I didn't understand it at first, but that makes a lot of sense. Like this is how weight watchers work too. So just put little circles. Like basically put a circle here and put the number of like 66 plus 36 is 100. You know, 120. Put 120 here versus six 66. Right. Or sorry. So where did you go from total brand? Just keep it simple. Total brand, you went from what to what you went from.

Speaker B: Oh, no, it's not to show that, Suzy. It's a different thing. I'm just trying to give. I'm just trying to show that instead of thinking in a very short term that you're probably thinking about Instant ruins. Right? You can think in a longer time horizon. The same number of customers who purchase just $30 from you, they can end up purchasing $103 in 12 months. So you can afford to spend more to acquire those customers.

Speaker A: Agree? I agree. That's a really good point. So write down that point in your notes because that's how you should present it. Remember, the audience is going to be like 10 to 40 people. And you have to help. You have to present it in a way that they understand. Like they don't speak your language. I don't speak your. I. I've worked on Amazon for 10 years and I don't, you know, it's taking me five minutes to digest this. So I just want to help you kind of present in a way that your audience doesn't need to become Amazon experts, but they have to believe. They have to A, understand you, like understand what you're saying, and B, has to make sense. So I think there's two, two ideas here. So one idea is. I'll just write it, you know, here. So one idea is the same cohort and you can reword it, but of 635 customers, grows, grew from, grew to. Sorry. Went from buying past 12 months, 66,000 to 100 to how much? Or sorry, $30. So $30, $30, 76 per order to 103. Right. So that's one idea. Okay, so that's a great idea. So that's fantastic. And then the second idea, which I was asking you and let me know if it, if you can read it on this chart, can you, can you have the total of the brand, the brand was selling how much in November and then a year later is selling how much. Is that possible? Sure. When, like maybe not on this chart, but do you have. Because I know you have to do all these. Right. Can you do. Can you find the number the. When the brand went from selling past 12 months? 66,000.

Speaker B: It's just for one product. So it's more than that. Actually. I'll give you keep that.

Speaker A: Yeah. To xx. But I'm assuming that you would take each of these, right. December, January, February, March, April, blah, blah, blah, blah. And you add them up. So it's going to be a big number, right? It's going to be like 200,000 or something here in 12 months.

Speaker B: Yeah, we'll have to see that. I mean, in 12 months, a way more than that. It's probably going to be in more than a million. One point something million.

Speaker A: So you're going to go from 66,000 to 1 million.

Speaker B: No, it's not that, Susie. So okay, re.

Speaker A: Explain it then. Yeah, okay, let's explain it.

Speaker B: Okay, sure. And also, I mean what I'll say is adding up the totals, in the end it will not give you the 12 months total number. It's a different kind of analysis. This analysis focuses just on lifetime value repeat purchase behavior. That's all. What I can say is because we understood these concepts, we could prioritize advertising the right products, allocate budgets towards the right products. And because of that, in the month of November 2023, this account sold this much. And towards the end in October 2024, this brand sold this much. Is that something that will work? Or I can also say you like,

Speaker A: you just have to kind of be careful. Like what you're saying is, trust me, we're smart. Look at all this stuff. But we still need the big picture numbers. So here your lifetime value is $30 and it goes down to 45. So what? So what's that all about? So help. Just, let's just do little bits. So how does it go $30 and go down? Because this is a 12 monon number and this is a one month number.

Speaker B: I'm going to tell you that. Okay, so let's focus on just the first. November row, November 2023. We acquired 635 unique customers. Good.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Now out of those 635 you will see how many customers repeated in December 157.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: And then they purchase 405,000 something dollars. Now if you divide 4574538 with 635, you get 7.15. So we are assigning that dollar value. Like we're trying to calculate the per customer dollar value for every month.

Speaker A: Yep. Understand.

Speaker B: Now if we add up those numbers for all 12 months, that's basically the lifetime value, average lifetime value per customer for this 635.

Speaker A: I understand. Yep, understand. Okay, I understand that I understand because I did Weight Watchers for four years. Okay, that I understand. Now in December you had 581 active, of which 157 came from November. And others. No, no.

Speaker B: December 581. These are the unique customers that we acquired in the month of December. And this doesn't include any customer from the last 12 months. Oh.

Speaker A: No, no, I get it, I get it. I just want to. I, I get it. So what's a good summary? Because this is too high level. Let's leave this like. Okay, so budget, you're Missing verbs, but you know, budget allocation. Budget is allocated. Allocated to specific products, ad types and keywords based on your objectives. So that's a good sentence.

Speaker B: Below.

Speaker A: Below. The same cohort of 635 customers in November 2023 went from. Went from lifetime value, lifetime value of. To 103. So that's true, right? Because there's going to be a few experts on the call and I don't want them to criticize my words. So this is true, right?

Speaker B: This is true.

Speaker A: Okay. And then what you can say is, why don't we summarize the rest? Every new month, more customers are acquired. That's true, right. It's called the waterfall. So we'll just call it waterfall. Waterfall effect. We'll call it that because you can see the waterfall and you can even do a visual. Every new month, new customers are acquired and lifetime value is increased over time. Okay, so your objective here is that you're smart, you know how to do this, you know how to allocate the budgets. But this type of waterfall is awesome. If someone ask you, what did the brand go from November here to November here? Can you have those numbers ready?

Speaker B: Yeah, I can get ready with the monthly sales, total sales, anything.

Speaker A: Just have, like, just have. I'm just going to put it in red here, but just have. Have handy. This brand, November 2023, total revenue was what? And then November 2024 or October 24th. Okay, just so you have it handy, because part I, that's why I want to reverse to. To rehearse tomorrow. This is good. Okay, so this is fantastic. I have another call. This is fantastic. Can you finish the formatting and or like either you finish the formatting and or go to Gamma right away. Let me resend it to you. Resend it to me right away and we'll hop on a call right away. Like, it's really good, but I'm going to re. I want to rehearse presenting to you.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, perfect. Resend it to me and just DM me. Yeah, perfect.

Speaker B: Okay, thank you, Susie. Bye now.

