Transcript for: Recording__503.mp4
Title: Recording #503
============================================================

We can connect you to midsize directly to large size. That's pretty much impossible because they work with agencies even though they don't do anything for them, but still it's contracts they have. So what are the small guys looking for? Sales. That's all they want, just sales. So when I listen yesterday to the Alibaba guy, for example, I mean, it's an agency from India, but they work for Alibaba. So let's say it's pretty much same thing. They're the sales agents. What he didn't understand the entire time when I asked him questions is that he's talking to me about kind of administering an account on Alibaba that we would open. And I was actually more interested in the supply chain, how does it work? And Alibaba does not have yet supply chain buildup. And second thing is sales, right? Not for us, we don't have nothing to sell, but for our clients. So when it comes to your services, I could have a thousand clients for you tomorrow, right? Thousand of them. The problem is, number one, I have to talk to thousand clients. So that's huge waste of time. You have to service thousand clients. You can't because you're one man guy. Number three is all of those clients are only interested if we have something to show them that converts into sales quickly. Because these unfortunately, very unfortunately, this is all wrong. But the small guys, they all think just about sales because they're trying to survive, right? So it's all wrong because when they think about sales, they can't think about anything very strategic. So then they just kind of in this circle of debt, if you wish, constantly thinking about small sales and moving sales, moving sales and nothing actually happens and so on. But this is the, this is the main consideration. Yesterday on Alibaba, we saw, I said, let's pick Italy. And then I said, okay, let's now pick wine. So we went to Italy to wine and we saw I don't know how many hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of brands and who knows how many products, but I've been in that business for a very long time. So I say to him, I never heard of any of these brands in my life, right? Who are these people? So he explains to me, he says, they're all private label. They're just random people slapping a random name, some products and hoping somebody will buy from them. So that's not going to work, right? So you can't really help them. So when it comes to the services that you have or any other services, and I would Just kind of recommend to you. Same thing that I'm applying for us is to just partner with someone to be part of a larger picture. Right. Because just you pushing your services, okay, you can do it, but that means it's just you and, and you're competing with hundreds of, of such providers that are out there from Canada, from us, from India, from Serbia, from everywhere, basically that there's so many providers now they're from Philippines also a lot of the messaging from Philippines as well. So being a single provider of the service you want to do, like for Amazon, so specifically Amazon, that's great. But you one of so many, and I spoke in the past to not many, but several people who do same slash similar things that you do. Some of them maybe there were a couple of them in the business, two, three people together, and some of them maybe already had kind of a defined, how should we say, program. Right. Some offer that they have something very more structured. None of them ever built any significant business because each one of them is constantly trying to build a business for themselves. So I think number one is to understand that you're targeting smaller people. Number two is that they really just want sales. Number three is that possibly the best strategic way forward is to partner with others to just become a part of a bigger or bigger, bigger push. Right. So that's that. Also I wanted to ask you, where are you based? I'm in Toronto. You're in Toronto. Okay, so that kind of, that kind of helps because many people publish that they're here. But then as soon as you talk to people and they realize that you're actually somewhere else physically here, Canadians lose interest for no reason. This is like completely absurd, but that's how it is, right? If you now, you personally would now move to Fiji and you would provide the same service from Fiji, Canadians would lose their interest immediately. Even if you would say your service is five times less costly, they're more eager to pay five times more for somebody who's actually sitting here. So these are kind of some. Just sharing with you some learnings over the years from, from different angles of outsourcing, including speaking to people about Amazon. We looked into that, we looked into launching these services as part of. We have something called Retail for Superstore. So we looked into this, we put a concept together, we spoke to people we could partner with, but that never really took off for reasons which I've mentioned to you now. Okay, so when you mean partner with somebody, I mean, who can I partner with? Something that I want to mention before that is. Yeah. Right now I'm not a single person here. I have somebody else in Canada, she's in Vancouver. And then I have another person who works as a contractor. So we are three people right now. But we need to, of course we are not doing that great. We need to do way better than. What are you all three doing the same thing, I. E. Providing the same service? Well, one person is dedicated towards analytics, so he just focuses on developing the analytical tools. He's not in Canada by the way, he's from Philippines. Okay. And both of us, two of us are in Canada. So two of us surface. Yeah. The girl in Vancouver, you're doing the same thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What I mean partner is if like what I would, what I would look to do is you're basically couple of, couple directions, right? Either you have to find more partners like that girl and then you expand in, there's more of you in different locations. So when somebody's speaking to you, they say, ah, okay, so you understand the market of Quebec, you understand the market of bc, the market Alberta, I'm just talking Canada for a second. And the market Ontario for example. Right. And okay, I get it. So there's four of you, five of you, six of you. I don't know. Even if you're all doing this part time and you have another job, that's all fine. Nobody, nobody looks into that. So as long as you have like a little team. So that's one way. So to stay in doing the same thing, but to have a larger group of you, but all of you need to be at the same level, which obviously I don't know right now. So it has to be a certain level of expertise that is, I would call it senior. Right. And I'll tell you how you can solve this in case it's not right. So why? Because, because you're a small team and you kind of, let's call it that, you are kind of a startup scale up situation. You want to scale this business, you would have to bring that seniority, that expertise, the feel that when somebody deals, even if somebody's like a micro business, everybody wants to deal with Elon Musk. Right? Everybody wants to be served by the top person. That's the dream of every customer out there. Even if I have no money. So, so that's one way, the one way to solve the issue if, in case you guys would not be senior and you don't feel you're senior, is to have someone who would kind of be your, I don't know, what to call it but like, like a managing director kind of thing. And that person actually doesn't have to do any work but just has to be there to provide you with more of that seniority things saying, okay, so here is the leader of the company and this is the team. These are the people, the subject experts. Right. So that's a, that's kind of a mid solution. The other option you can do is let's say two of you to partner with people who are providing something that does not compete with you but actually complements. Right. Somehow. Yeah. Now complementary things. There's a, there's many ways you can look at it. You could be doing Amazon, somebody could be doing Alibaba just to mention, right. You could be doing Amazon, somebody could be actually doing import or distribution or could be a brokerage. So there are multiple. Somebody could be a marketing agency. Right. There are multiple ways how this could potentially work. You could pick, here's a route also you could work with an ethnic marketing agency and you could do Amazon and now help ethnic products on Amazon. I don't know if they're actually doing anything or not in Amazon ca. So that's a worthwhile consideration as well. There are different ethnic groups, right. You could look at all kinds of things there. So these are. But you partner with someone so that they provide. Let me give you an example. We want to do something now regarding we. We work with startups, so we have a retail force. That's business we are now talking about. That's the business in food, beverage, retail, grocery, hospitality, et cetera. And that's where these things with Amazon have to play. We have another business called Infinea. And Infinea, one of the main things we do is we work with startups and scale ups. So as we do with startups and scale ups, there's this program in Canada called Startup Visa. So Startup Visa program Canadian. So as we have certain skills, we build companies or in Infinia, our tagline, if you go infinia.net, our tagline is actually we make companies. So we do that. We don't do visas, immigration and we don't do the paperwork for the startup Visa program. We do part three. What's part three? Part three is we help those who come here or startup Visa program to actually build the business. That's what we interested in. That's what we do. So what am I doing? I'm now talking as we want to launch a business. We already have the brand, we have the website, all that's ready in the back and waiting. I'm now talking to immigration attorneys and I'm talking to those who are doing the, let's call it, administrational part of the startup visa program to partner, to go together so that we deal with building the businesses. But they do what they do, right? And now in a party of three, we can provide somebody who's coming from wherever to Canada with a full. With a full service, so to speak. Right, With a full service. So that kind of situation is another partnership that you could think about where you find one or two different, let's call them verticals, different kind of services. And, and now you. But you know, it's time you need to call people and to speak to people. You say, hey, here's what we do. There's two of us plus the helper. And we're good at this, but we're not good at this, but we come together. It'd be easier for us maybe to get the clients right. So that's more of a strategic play. In the meantime, clearly you have to make revenue. Now, literally the only way to make revenue, I have someone from former student of mine, he's from Sri Lanka and he is in digital marketing agency over there. So he came to me asking me, okay, so he would like to launch the business here. I said, sure, but what's. Why would somebody do business with you? He says, well, you know, we're cheaper. I said, unfortunately, as crazy it sounds, that doesn't help with Canadians being cheaper. So if you go to Canadian customers and you tell them in Sri Lanka, they probably not going to business with you in general. But what you could do is this clientele that is just looking to save money. Example food service. If you go to different food service establishments or even independent retail establishments or potentially some smaller independent hotels. So things which are what I call retail businesses which deal directly with consumers where basically they're cutthroat competition and you know, they're high cost and low margins. So if you go with them and they independently run, they will really care only for. And they don't have what you're offering. They don't have a good website, they don't have this good. Because that's what he does, right? That's your clientele for immediate revenue. So I think for you, for example, that could be the clientele for immediate revenue. So the guys who really have. Where the decision making is immediate. So you basically, you know, you could walk in a store and the guy owns the store, and if the guy doesn't, if the guy doesn't sell on Amazon and he's selling clothes, he imports clothes from Italy and he doesn't sell on Amazon and just speak to him and say, would you like to sell on Amazon? Right, so this is a sales push for you. That would be like a sales push. The other thing I was talking about would more be like between a tactical and a strategic push. Right. So you building up your team in different regions could be more of a strategic push. A tactical push could be for now to connect with people who do complementary services and then to offer together. So that's kind of three different ways how you can go about. Right. And everything depends on how much are you in need of income right now? Right? Because if you need of income right now, I could only say what I said to this guy, and that's basically my former student. You got to go literally door to door and just talk to people. When I say door to door doesn't have to be literally on door to door knocking in person, but you can go door to door by email or calls or something and, and just say, hey, here I am, I saw you. You don't have this. I can get you that. And here's the cost. And the cost has to be a fixed cost. That's important because none of these businesses mold and so on. They can't. They, they might not tell you this, but they cannot entertain working based on unknown cost, their hourly cost or something like that. They're not some big businesses. So you have to tell them, this is going to cost you 500 bucks. I'm going to give you this simple and, and that's what you can do. Now, of course, you and your friend in Vancouver, you guys have to calculate, you know, how many of those you can do and, and per day and so on, so forth. So this is, these are the realistic, I think, opportunities. Now in case. In case, last but not least, because I gotta go to my next meeting. In case you think that and I don't know you, in case you think that you are very good at this, what you do, there's another opportunity for now, and you can always come back to your own business because maybe you won't have time. And there are opportunities that you just really reach out to agencies here and you just say, hey, I'm really good at this, and then show them how you're good. And I don't know really if that's possible or not. Like in my line of work, I could not really go and say, you know, hey, I'm really good at this. You know, here, take me because you know, I do sales, marketing, business development, etc. So many people do it. But if you know your line of work, there's some technical aspect to it where you can really go to an agency, big agencies, or your mid size and say, hey, I'm really good at this. I do Amazon and if you guys need someone for Amazon, I'm available. That is maybe a way to, to do, to sell your services to somebody who has cash, will pay and then, and then continue in the back end building your own, your own operation. Right, so those are, those are my thoughts, right? Yeah, well, no, those are all great. Is there, is there any, you mentioned something about retail force, so I believe you also try to do something in that area. Are you still looking to do something in that area, such as providing services related to this? Yeah, we're always looking. I'm looking now also talking, thinking about Alibaba, what we could do and I already identified what are the opportunities. But it's just that we need partners to do that. Right. So yeah, if you and I talk about it, to do it, the point would be that I'm not looking to hire somebody to do it. I'm looking to partner, which means that we bring something to the table. You bring something to the table. And now we have a joint operation in X. Right. And then we try to do it together. You, me, that, your person in Vancouver, et cetera, et cetera. So. But that may take us a month or two months or three months to put together. Right. Because we need to look at it to understand what it is, how are we going to do it, where are we going to do it and all that stuff. Right? Yeah, so, so that's that. So I'm always looking. So if you can think about it, go see retailforce.net go see infinia.net and, and then, and then let's, let's have another, another chat. Sure. Yeah, we can do that. Well, awesome. Thank you so much for your time today. Thank you very much. Yeah, it was a pleasure. Yeah. By now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: We can connect you to midsize directly to large size. That's pretty much impossible because they work with agencies even though they don't do anything for them, but still it's contracts they have. So what are the small guys looking for? Sales. That's all they want, just sales. So when I listen yesterday to the Alibaba guy, for example, I mean, it's an agency from India, but they work for Alibaba. So let's say it's pretty much same thing. They're the sales agents. What he didn't understand the entire time when I asked him questions is that he's talking to me about kind of administering an account on Alibaba that we would open. And I was actually more interested in the supply chain, how does it work? And Alibaba does not have yet supply chain buildup. And second thing is sales, right? Not for us, we don't have nothing to sell, but for our clients. So when it comes to your services, I could have a thousand clients for you tomorrow, right? Thousand of them. The problem is, number one, I have to talk to thousand clients. So that's huge waste of time. You have to service thousand clients. You can't because you're one man guy. Number three is all of those clients are only interested if we have something to show them that converts into sales quickly. Because these unfortunately, very unfortunately, this is all wrong. But the small guys, they all think just about sales because they're trying to survive, right? So it's all wrong because when they think about sales, they can't think about anything very strategic. So then they just kind of in this circle of debt, if you wish, constantly thinking about small sales and moving sales, moving sales and nothing actually happens and so on. But this is the, this is the main consideration. Yesterday on Alibaba, we saw, I said, let's pick Italy. And then I said, okay, let's now pick wine. So we went to Italy to wine and we saw I don't know how many hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of brands and who knows how many products, but I've been in that business for a very long time. So I say to him, I never heard of any of these brands in my life, right? Who are these people? So he explains to me, he says, they're all private label. They're just random people slapping a random name, some products and hoping somebody will buy from them. So that's not going to work, right? So you can't really help them. So when it comes to the services that you have or any other services, and I would Just kind of recommend to you. Same thing that I'm applying for us is to just partner with someone to be part of a larger picture. Right. Because just you pushing your services, okay, you can do it, but that means it's just you and, and you're competing with hundreds of, of such providers that are out there from Canada, from us, from India, from Serbia, from everywhere, basically that there's so many providers now they're from Philippines also a lot of the messaging from Philippines as well. So being a single provider of the service you want to do, like for Amazon, so specifically Amazon, that's great. But you one of so many, and I spoke in the past to not many, but several people who do same slash similar things that you do. Some of them maybe there were a couple of them in the business, two, three people together, and some of them maybe already had kind of a defined, how should we say, program. Right. Some offer that they have something very more structured. None of them ever built any significant business because each one of them is constantly trying to build a business for themselves. So I think number one is to understand that you're targeting smaller people. Number two is that they really just want sales. Number three is that possibly the best strategic way forward is to partner with others to just become a part of a bigger or bigger, bigger push. Right. So that's that. Also I wanted to ask you, where are you based?

Speaker B: I'm in Toronto.

Speaker A: You're in Toronto. Okay, so that kind of, that kind of helps because many people publish that they're here. But then as soon as you talk to people and they realize that you're actually somewhere else physically here, Canadians lose interest for no reason. This is like completely absurd, but that's how it is, right? If you now, you personally would now move to Fiji and you would provide the same service from Fiji, Canadians would lose their interest immediately. Even if you would say your service is five times less costly, they're more eager to pay five times more for somebody who's actually sitting here. So these are kind of some. Just sharing with you some learnings over the years from, from different angles of outsourcing, including speaking to people about Amazon. We looked into that, we looked into launching these services as part of. We have something called Retail for Superstore. So we looked into this, we put a concept together, we spoke to people we could partner with, but that never really took off for reasons which I've mentioned to you now.

Speaker B: Okay, so when you mean partner with somebody, I mean, who can I partner with? Something that I want to mention before that is. Yeah. Right now I'm not a single person here. I have somebody else in Canada, she's in Vancouver. And then I have another person who works as a contractor. So we are three people right now. But we need to, of course we are not doing that great. We need to do way better than.

Speaker A: What are you all three doing the same thing, I. E. Providing the same service?

Speaker B: Well, one person is dedicated towards analytics, so he just focuses on developing the analytical tools. He's not in Canada by the way, he's from Philippines.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And both of us, two of us are in Canada. So two of us surface. Yeah.

Speaker A: The girl in Vancouver, you're doing the same thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What I mean partner is if like what I would, what I would look to do is you're basically couple of, couple directions, right? Either you have to find more partners like that girl and then you expand in, there's more of you in different locations. So when somebody's speaking to you, they say, ah, okay, so you understand the market of Quebec, you understand the market of bc, the market Alberta, I'm just talking Canada for a second. And the market Ontario for example. Right. And okay, I get it. So there's four of you, five of you, six of you. I don't know. Even if you're all doing this part time and you have another job, that's all fine. Nobody, nobody looks into that. So as long as you have like a little team. So that's one way. So to stay in doing the same thing, but to have a larger group of you, but all of you need to be at the same level, which obviously I don't know right now. So it has to be a certain level of expertise that is, I would call it senior. Right. And I'll tell you how you can solve this in case it's not right. So why? Because, because you're a small team and you kind of, let's call it that, you are kind of a startup scale up situation. You want to scale this business, you would have to bring that seniority, that expertise, the feel that when somebody deals, even if somebody's like a micro business, everybody wants to deal with Elon Musk. Right? Everybody wants to be served by the top person. That's the dream of every customer out there. Even if I have no money. So, so that's one way, the one way to solve the issue if, in case you guys would not be senior and you don't feel you're senior, is to have someone who would kind of be your, I don't know, what to call it but like, like a managing director kind of thing. And that person actually doesn't have to do any work but just has to be there to provide you with more of that seniority things saying, okay, so here is the leader of the company and this is the team. These are the people, the subject experts. Right. So that's a, that's kind of a mid solution. The other option you can do is let's say two of you to partner with people who are providing something that does not compete with you but actually complements. Right. Somehow.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Now complementary things. There's a, there's many ways you can look at it. You could be doing Amazon, somebody could be doing Alibaba just to mention, right. You could be doing Amazon, somebody could be actually doing import or distribution or could be a brokerage. So there are multiple. Somebody could be a marketing agency. Right. There are multiple ways how this could potentially work. You could pick, here's a route also you could work with an ethnic marketing agency and you could do Amazon and now help ethnic products on Amazon. I don't know if they're actually doing anything or not in Amazon ca. So that's a worthwhile consideration as well. There are different ethnic groups, right. You could look at all kinds of things there. So these are. But you partner with someone so that they provide. Let me give you an example. We want to do something now regarding we. We work with startups, so we have a retail force. That's business we are now talking about. That's the business in food, beverage, retail, grocery, hospitality, et cetera. And that's where these things with Amazon have to play. We have another business called Infinea. And Infinea, one of the main things we do is we work with startups and scale ups. So as we do with startups and scale ups, there's this program in Canada called Startup Visa. So Startup Visa program Canadian. So as we have certain skills, we build companies or in Infinia, our tagline, if you go infinia.net, our tagline is actually we make companies. So we do that. We don't do visas, immigration and we don't do the paperwork for the startup Visa program. We do part three. What's part three? Part three is we help those who come here or startup Visa program to actually build the business. That's what we interested in. That's what we do. So what am I doing? I'm now talking as we want to launch a business. We already have the brand, we have the website, all that's ready in the back and waiting. I'm now talking to immigration attorneys and I'm talking to those who are doing the, let's call it, administrational part of the startup visa program to partner, to go together so that we deal with building the businesses. But they do what they do, right? And now in a party of three, we can provide somebody who's coming from wherever to Canada with a full. With a full service, so to speak. Right, With a full service. So that kind of situation is another partnership that you could think about where you find one or two different, let's call them verticals, different kind of services. And, and now you. But you know, it's time you need to call people and to speak to people. You say, hey, here's what we do. There's two of us plus the helper. And we're good at this, but we're not good at this, but we come together. It'd be easier for us maybe to get the clients right. So that's more of a strategic play. In the meantime, clearly you have to make revenue. Now, literally the only way to make revenue, I have someone from former student of mine, he's from Sri Lanka and he is in digital marketing agency over there. So he came to me asking me, okay, so he would like to launch the business here. I said, sure, but what's. Why would somebody do business with you? He says, well, you know, we're cheaper. I said, unfortunately, as crazy it sounds, that doesn't help with Canadians being cheaper. So if you go to Canadian customers and you tell them in Sri Lanka, they probably not going to business with you in general. But what you could do is this clientele that is just looking to save money. Example food service. If you go to different food service establishments or even independent retail establishments or potentially some smaller independent hotels. So things which are what I call retail businesses which deal directly with consumers where basically they're cutthroat competition and you know, they're high cost and low margins. So if you go with them and they independently run, they will really care only for. And they don't have what you're offering. They don't have a good website, they don't have this good. Because that's what he does, right? That's your clientele for immediate revenue. So I think for you, for example, that could be the clientele for immediate revenue. So the guys who really have. Where the decision making is immediate. So you basically, you know, you could walk in a store and the guy owns the store, and if the guy doesn't, if the guy doesn't sell on Amazon and he's selling clothes, he imports clothes from Italy and he doesn't sell on Amazon and just speak to him and say, would you like to sell on Amazon? Right, so this is a sales push for you. That would be like a sales push. The other thing I was talking about would more be like between a tactical and a strategic push. Right. So you building up your team in different regions could be more of a strategic push. A tactical push could be for now to connect with people who do complementary services and then to offer together. So that's kind of three different ways how you can go about. Right. And everything depends on how much are you in need of income right now? Right? Because if you need of income right now, I could only say what I said to this guy, and that's basically my former student. You got to go literally door to door and just talk to people. When I say door to door doesn't have to be literally on door to door knocking in person, but you can go door to door by email or calls or something and, and just say, hey, here I am, I saw you. You don't have this. I can get you that. And here's the cost. And the cost has to be a fixed cost. That's important because none of these businesses mold and so on. They can't. They, they might not tell you this, but they cannot entertain working based on unknown cost, their hourly cost or something like that. They're not some big businesses. So you have to tell them, this is going to cost you 500 bucks. I'm going to give you this simple and, and that's what you can do. Now, of course, you and your friend in Vancouver, you guys have to calculate, you know, how many of those you can do and, and per day and so on, so forth. So this is, these are the realistic, I think, opportunities. Now in case. In case, last but not least, because I gotta go to my next meeting. In case you think that and I don't know you, in case you think that you are very good at this, what you do, there's another opportunity for now, and you can always come back to your own business because maybe you won't have time. And there are opportunities that you just really reach out to agencies here and you just say, hey, I'm really good at this, and then show them how you're good. And I don't know really if that's possible or not. Like in my line of work, I could not really go and say, you know, hey, I'm really good at this. You know, here, take me because you know, I do sales, marketing, business development, etc. So many people do it. But if you know your line of work, there's some technical aspect to it where you can really go to an agency, big agencies, or your mid size and say, hey, I'm really good at this. I do Amazon and if you guys need someone for Amazon, I'm available. That is maybe a way to, to do, to sell your services to somebody who has cash, will pay and then, and then continue in the back end building your own, your own operation. Right, so those are, those are my thoughts, right?

Speaker B: Yeah, well, no, those are all great. Is there, is there any, you mentioned something about retail force, so I believe you also try to do something in that area. Are you still looking to do something in that area, such as providing services related to this?

Speaker A: Yeah, we're always looking. I'm looking now also talking, thinking about Alibaba, what we could do and I already identified what are the opportunities. But it's just that we need partners to do that. Right. So yeah, if you and I talk about it, to do it, the point would be that I'm not looking to hire somebody to do it. I'm looking to partner, which means that we bring something to the table. You bring something to the table. And now we have a joint operation in X. Right. And then we try to do it together. You, me, that, your person in Vancouver, et cetera, et cetera. So. But that may take us a month or two months or three months to put together. Right. Because we need to look at it to understand what it is, how are we going to do it, where are we going to do it and all that stuff. Right? Yeah, so, so that's that. So I'm always looking. So if you can think about it, go see retailforce.net go see infinia.net and, and then, and then let's, let's have another, another chat. Sure.

Speaker B: Yeah, we can do that. Well, awesome. Thank you so much for your time today.

Speaker A: Thank you very much. Yeah, it was a pleasure. Yeah. By now.

