Transcript for: Recording__995.mp4
Title: Recording #995
============================================================

So you wanted to take existing calls and you want to turn those into content? Basically, yes. Calls? Yeah, basically meetings and calls. That's it. With team. And also let's say existing clients and potential clients. All of them, yeah. And when you say like create new content, do you mean like, like repurpose it? Like you're making clips from all that content or you're just taking the contents of it and like rewriting the text into some other script that you can read or something like that. What I think is if we could identify the topics we are discussing many things in the call and then identify the topics that would be relevant for me to Talk about on LinkedIn and then based on that topics, if you also can write the initial content based on the conversation, that would be wonderful. Yeah, I mean you could do that pretty easily. So. But before I built it, you know, what I would do is I would, I would take one of those videos, I would grab the transcript from, you know, from somewhere that like just manually and I would, this is assuming it's not so long that the, that like Claude can't read it. But I would just take that transcript, I would upload it and try to manually just kind of build out some prompts that, you know, took that content and then helped you write a few smaller pieces. And then I would go through that process until I got what I really thought was something that I would really use. And then after I had gone through that process, I would basically take that conversation and try to automate that small part of it, you know. Yes, that small little system there. Right, right. Do it manually first, figure out what's giving you the best output and then automate that. Yeah, and then keep the automation super simple. Like all you would really need is an airtable database that kept track of maybe it, maybe it had a link to the file. If it's a, if it's a zoom file, if you're getting these video files from a lot of different places, maybe it's got like a place where you can upload the video and then when you uploaded it, it transcribes it and then from that transcription then you could create other little automations to, you know, to run other prompts and transformations on, on that transcript. Right. And that, and that keeps it pretty simple. But the reason why I, the reason why I suggest doing it manually first is because it's really hard to like develop a process in automations itself because it's like, it's kind of the reverse. You kind of want the process, you kind of want to know that it works. Exactly. Because automating it, it's a lot of work. And if you, if you like automate it and then you find, oh wait, I should do it this way or that way, it's like, it's kind of slows you way down. Right. Right now I understand the concept. You know what I would, what I'd like to ask is, you know, the kind of. I mean, if you deal with clients, you can talk about so many different things, right? All of them are not something that you can Talk about on LinkedIn. Some of them are probably client specific. There are many things. So what, like I don't know how exactly or what kind of prompt will help me identify the topics. Can really chat GPD thing. Like, can they do that? Yeah, it can. I mean, what you want to do is you want to, you want to like sit down and like kind of map out like what are the main topics that you do feel like you want to talk about? Who is your client? What are the things that they really care about? Like, what are the problems they have? And then that could be part of the prompt, right? So like, one of the first things you'll probably do is you'll have the transcript and then you'll come up with a prompt like that that says, hey, here's who my target audience is. Here's what they care about. Can you take a look at this transcript and identify a few sections that might make good content? And then you could take that and kind of further refine it. I kind of found that like, just like more talking to it. Just like it's a, like it's like it's an assistant, you know, like, how would I, if I was trying to get an assistant to do something for me, how would I, you know, what would I ask them to do? And, and then sometimes you get back something that isn't what you wanted, or you do it and you realize, hey, this source content isn't really great for this. Sometimes you come to that conclusion as well. Not all the time, but it's like, but by going through that process, you kind of learn because what you'll also find is that maybe a client call or a sales call ends up. The dynamic of it is just such that the prompts work a little bit, don't work as well on each other. You know what I mean? Right now I understand that. So like, out of all the calls I would isolate it to, like, what do you think is probably the best one? What's the one that has the Best source content to start with and start with that one and then build a little simple process around that so that you were just getting the minimum amount of LinkedIn posts that you wanted. If it's like one a day. Yeah, yeah. One idea is enough. Yeah. So like even me and my team right now, like, believe it or not, we have all this technology, but we're kind of like right now we're doing a lot of stuff manually partly to like rebuild how we're doing things. And so it feels kind of like it doesn't always feel fun because we like to automate everything, but we're learning kind of when and where it works best. Yes. Okay, I think this is going to be the last question. And you see when you use custom GPT, we can feed certain knowledge, right? And that is very useful in some cases. Yeah, I mean like in a way that could be one. I mean if you just took a bunch of calls and you put it into a GPT. Uh huh. I mean you could probably create content for a long time. That's right. Now what the reason I was saying this is because if I can I do that custom GPT kind of. Can I make that? Well, the only problem with the custom GPTs is that you can't access them from an API. So if you're planning on doing that down the road, then you have to use a GPT assistant. Okay. Which is kind of like a GPT, but it's designed for APIs and you build it in a different spot. But it has a very similar kind of like way of like it looks, it feels very much like building a GPT. It's just called something different and you have to use it in order to do it. And I did kind of notice myself, it seemed like the GPTs worked a little bit better than the assistants. When I put the data in both of them, it just seemed like the GPT worked a little bit better, but the assistance still worked. Would you say that's the best way of using something like that will work? The best way is more with those, you know, they're coming up with those, those external databases like Pine cone, if you've ever heard of some of that stuff. It's kind of like it gets, it gets more into the, it gets more technical. But there's a way that you can basically build a database with all of your content in it and you can query it and then use a large language model to help you fine tune it. But again, you're going to get more bang for the buck by Getting the content flowing and just getting something going. Because as soon as you get it going and you know how it works, you can always kind of pivot pretty easily. Right. Improve. But like getting the content out there and like tweaking the actual prompt and the process of letting you review it. And even if you're doing that a little bit manual, that's going to be more valuable than trying to figure out the best way of doing this long term. Exactly. Yeah, no, I get that. Well, just it being able to read the script and coming up with ideas, topic ideas, that's going to be very helpful. Yeah, yeah. And you know what? I may end up doing it in a different way after that. After it identifies the topic. That's the thing, that's what you find. It's like it's. Yeah, it's kind of more fun to focus on what. Sometimes it's more fun to think about the automations but like actually getting in the weeds with the content and getting it, writing and tweaking it and seeing that process, it always is more to do it well, it's like it takes more time than you think and you learn more in that process and the actual processes that comes out of that is much better. Yeah, well, that's helpful, Stefan. It's quite simple, but you know what I mean. And that's what we're doing too. Right. Like we have content that just kind of scattered all around a notion page right now. It makes me like, I don't like it, but I've just learned to resist and know that it's actually better to do it this way and figure. Figure some new things out. Yeah. And let the team be flexible because like I always say, like you put an automation in, it is no longer flexible. Yeah, it's rigid now. Yeah, true. Agent. I think with agents some of that stuff will be different because like they'll be able to take different actions based off of different things. But an automation as it stands now is very, just very linear. It's just like this happens, this happens, this happens, this happens, you know? Yeah, we have a little bit more flexibility than before. After. I mean this is just me speaking without much experience. With AI, you can do things. Right. It's not as programmatic. Right, right, right. Yeah, right. But like, but when you, once you automate it though, it becomes more rigid. True. Like when you're working with ChatGPT, like in a GPT, it's pretty flexible like you're saying. All right, Stephen, so that's it. I will let Christina take it yeah. And then do that. This for this week, see what you come up with. And then come back next week and we can kind of map out the next steps. If you get it all done. Sure. Sounds good. Thanks.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: So you wanted to take existing calls and you want to turn those into content? Basically, yes.

Speaker B: Calls? Yeah, basically meetings and calls. That's it. With team. And also let's say existing clients and potential clients. All of them, yeah.

Speaker A: And when you say like create new content, do you mean like, like repurpose it? Like you're making clips from all that content or you're just taking the contents of it and like rewriting the text into some other script that you can read or something like that.

Speaker B: What I think is if we could identify the topics we are discussing many things in the call and then identify the topics that would be relevant for me to Talk about on LinkedIn and then based on that topics, if you also can write the initial content based on the conversation, that would be wonderful.

Speaker A: Yeah, I mean you could do that pretty easily. So. But before I built it, you know, what I would do is I would, I would take one of those videos, I would grab the transcript from, you know, from somewhere that like just manually and I would, this is assuming it's not so long that the, that like Claude can't read it. But I would just take that transcript, I would upload it and try to manually just kind of build out some prompts that, you know, took that content and then helped you write a few smaller pieces. And then I would go through that process until I got what I really thought was something that I would really use. And then after I had gone through that process, I would basically take that conversation and try to automate that small part of it, you know. Yes, that small little system there.

Speaker B: Right, right. Do it manually first, figure out what's giving you the best output and then automate that.

Speaker A: Yeah, and then keep the automation super simple. Like all you would really need is an airtable database that kept track of maybe it, maybe it had a link to the file. If it's a, if it's a zoom file, if you're getting these video files from a lot of different places, maybe it's got like a place where you can upload the video and then when you uploaded it, it transcribes it and then from that transcription then you could create other little automations to, you know, to run other prompts and transformations on, on that transcript.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: And that, and that keeps it pretty simple. But the reason why I, the reason why I suggest doing it manually first is because it's really hard to like develop a process in automations itself because it's like, it's kind of the reverse. You kind of want the process, you kind of want to know that it works.

Speaker B: Exactly.

Speaker A: Because automating it, it's a lot of work. And if you, if you like automate it and then you find, oh wait, I should do it this way or that way, it's like, it's kind of slows you way down.

Speaker B: Right. Right now I understand the concept. You know what I would, what I'd like to ask is, you know, the kind of. I mean, if you deal with clients, you can talk about so many different things, right? All of them are not something that you can Talk about on LinkedIn. Some of them are probably client specific. There are many things. So what, like I don't know how exactly or what kind of prompt will help me identify the topics. Can really chat GPD thing. Like, can they do that?

Speaker A: Yeah, it can. I mean, what you want to do is you want to, you want to like sit down and like kind of map out like what are the main topics that you do feel like you want to talk about? Who is your client? What are the things that they really care about? Like, what are the problems they have? And then that could be part of the prompt, right? So like, one of the first things you'll probably do is you'll have the transcript and then you'll come up with a prompt like that that says, hey, here's who my target audience is. Here's what they care about. Can you take a look at this transcript and identify a few sections that might make good content? And then you could take that and kind of further refine it. I kind of found that like, just like more talking to it. Just like it's a, like it's like it's an assistant, you know, like, how would I, if I was trying to get an assistant to do something for me, how would I, you know, what would I ask them to do? And, and then sometimes you get back something that isn't what you wanted, or you do it and you realize, hey, this source content isn't really great for this. Sometimes you come to that conclusion as well. Not all the time, but it's like, but by going through that process, you kind of learn because what you'll also find is that maybe a client call or a sales call ends up. The dynamic of it is just such that the prompts work a little bit, don't work as well on each other. You know what I mean?

Speaker B: Right now I understand that.

Speaker A: So like, out of all the calls I would isolate it to, like, what do you think is probably the best one? What's the one that has the Best source content to start with and start with that one and then build a little simple process around that so that you were just getting the minimum amount of LinkedIn posts that you wanted. If it's like one a day. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: One idea is enough.

Speaker A: Yeah. So like even me and my team right now, like, believe it or not, we have all this technology, but we're kind of like right now we're doing a lot of stuff manually partly to like rebuild how we're doing things. And so it feels kind of like it doesn't always feel fun because we like to automate everything, but we're learning kind of when and where it works best.

Speaker B: Yes. Okay, I think this is going to be the last question. And you see when you use custom GPT, we can feed certain knowledge, right? And that is very useful in some cases.

Speaker A: Yeah, I mean like in a way that could be one. I mean if you just took a bunch of calls and you put it into a GPT. Uh huh. I mean you could probably create content for a long time.

Speaker B: That's right. Now what the reason I was saying this is because if I can I do that custom GPT kind of. Can I make that?

Speaker A: Well, the only problem with the custom GPTs is that you can't access them from an API. So if you're planning on doing that down the road, then you have to use a GPT assistant.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Which is kind of like a GPT, but it's designed for APIs and you build it in a different spot. But it has a very similar kind of like way of like it looks, it feels very much like building a GPT. It's just called something different and you have to use it in order to do it. And I did kind of notice myself, it seemed like the GPTs worked a little bit better than the assistants. When I put the data in both of them, it just seemed like the GPT worked a little bit better, but the assistance still worked.

Speaker B: Would you say that's the best way of using something like that will work?

Speaker A: The best way is more with those, you know, they're coming up with those, those external databases like Pine cone, if you've ever heard of some of that stuff. It's kind of like it gets, it gets more into the, it gets more technical. But there's a way that you can basically build a database with all of your content in it and you can query it and then use a large language model to help you fine tune it. But again, you're going to get more bang for the buck by Getting the content flowing and just getting something going. Because as soon as you get it going and you know how it works, you can always kind of pivot pretty easily.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Improve. But like getting the content out there and like tweaking the actual prompt and the process of letting you review it. And even if you're doing that a little bit manual, that's going to be more valuable than trying to figure out the best way of doing this long term.

Speaker B: Exactly. Yeah, no, I get that. Well, just it being able to read the script and coming up with ideas, topic ideas, that's going to be very helpful.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: And you know what? I may end up doing it in a different way after that. After it identifies the topic.

Speaker A: That's the thing, that's what you find. It's like it's. Yeah, it's kind of more fun to focus on what. Sometimes it's more fun to think about the automations but like actually getting in the weeds with the content and getting it, writing and tweaking it and seeing that process, it always is more to do it well, it's like it takes more time than you think and you learn more in that process and the actual processes that comes out of that is much better. Yeah,

Speaker B: well, that's helpful, Stefan. It's quite simple, but you know what I mean.

Speaker A: And that's what we're doing too. Right. Like we have content that just kind of scattered all around a notion page right now. It makes me like, I don't like it, but I've just learned to resist and know that it's actually better to do it this way and figure. Figure some new things out. Yeah. And let the team be flexible because like I always say, like you put an automation in, it is no longer flexible. Yeah, it's rigid now.

Speaker B: Yeah, true.

Speaker A: Agent. I think with agents some of that stuff will be different because like they'll be able to take different actions based off of different things. But an automation as it stands now is very, just very linear. It's just like this happens, this happens, this happens, this happens, you know?

Speaker B: Yeah, we have a little bit more flexibility than before. After. I mean this is just me speaking without much experience. With AI, you can do things. Right. It's not as programmatic.

Speaker A: Right, right, right.

Speaker B: Yeah, right.

Speaker A: But like, but when you, once you automate it though, it becomes more rigid.

Speaker B: True.

Speaker A: Like when you're working with ChatGPT, like in a GPT, it's pretty flexible like you're saying.

Speaker B: All right, Stephen, so that's it. I will let Christina take it yeah.

Speaker A: And then do that. This for this week, see what you come up with. And then come back next week and we can kind of map out the next steps. If you get it all done.

Speaker B: Sure. Sounds good. Thanks.

