Transcript for: Recording__1113.mp4
Title: Recording #1113
============================================================

I could definitely, you know, retailer the recommendation if it, you know, if the Costco rotation is moving out, it may change the recommendation because I was basing it on, you know, your current, the current distribution and sales velocity that we're seeing. So how of the majority of their store is Costco dissertation in majority of their stores? Yeah, for now, yes. In the U.S. okay. All right, so that's, that's, that's good to know. When we get to the recommendation, I can, you know, explain further about what, how that, how that changes things. So you know, quick overview of, you know, Instacart and the ads ecosystem that we're creating. You know, you had asked like, how can Instacart help? So, you know, there's, there's obviously been. With CPG online growing so rapidly and exponentially, there's been a huge influx of, you know, different, different sites and places that brands could put their ad dollars to promote their products. And Instacart, our Marketplace includes over 1800 retail banners across the US and Canada and 100,000 plus digital storefronts. And we also have a growing network of e commerce, grocery e commerce sites. So we, our technology powers the websites of Sprouts Thrive market. We have some new things coming out with Costco that you can, you know, specifically target your Costco distribution and there's a handful of other ones where brands can specifically target a retailer. Like Sprouts is a big one. You could set up a campaign that would solely target your sprouts distribution and your customer base. There is. Is Joy burst on Thrive or does it have a big presence in Sprouts at all? It's mostly Costco. No, no, it's not on those platforms. Okay, so you know, if the Costco distribute, do you know how have a timeline of when the, the rotation will come to an end? I don't have that exactly. Okay. Yeah. As long as it's not like tomorrow, then that's a good, that's a good sign. So yeah. Great. So yeah, Instacart is really just the. We're, what we're building is, you know, putting together all of these different retailers. It's a place that you can target your entire national, you know, retail portfolio. And your campaigns that you're creating are syndicated across the entire marketplace. So on top of that, we've run, you know, some in store studies that show that people are 21% more likely to purchase in store once exposed to an Instacart ad. So that's something that won't reflect in your like campaign Attributed sales roas. But it's definitely something that's really prevalent. I mean 21% is not something to overlook. So what you know when you're running a campaign with Instagram is that your campaign is doing more than just promoting your products on instacart.com it's all these other retailer sites plus the in store halo effect that we, that we've seen. Any, any questions on this slide before I move forward? Yeah, one question is, you said that if we advertise on Instacart, the ads will also show up on those retailers websites. Yeah. So we have over 220 sites where when you promote your product on Instacart, the ad it also incorporates those retailers specific sites. So say someone was, say for the sake of this situation that Joy Burst was available on sprouts.com if someone were to search, you know, flavored water on sprouts.com, a campaign that you're running on through your Instacart ads manager, similar to the one you just ran, it would serve to promote Joy Burst products to that consumer on sprouts.com so it's really just finding wherever the opportunity is across your entire retail distribution, it serves in those placements. And it's also happening with Costco. Yes, Costco.com as well. Yeah, so yeah, not only when someone's on like, you know, their phone looking at Instacart, it's also if someone's shopping on Costco.com. all right, great. So if there's no more questions here, I can hop into performance or are there any other, you know, underlying questions around Instacart, what kind of reach we have, anything like that. Feel free to fire away. We don't have to. Since this is our, you know, first time meeting, I don't want to, you know, stick to the slides. I think it'd be a lot more educational for, for both of us if it was more just a conversation. So I don't want to have to feel like we have to make it through this deck. I'm here to answer your questions and then. Sure. You know what? I think, I think it will be better if we keep going through the slides. I have all those questions anyway. I'll ask. I mean depending on if it gets answered or not in the day, we'll, we'll do. Okay. We'll cover them at the end. Yeah, great idea. Okay, so I'll move into performance here. And this is the full H1 review. So saw total sales of just over 300k total impressions of 148k. Your average category share for the first half of the year was 0.64% of the value add water category. I can share that. At the end of June, Joy Verse was sitting at around 1.3% of all category sales. And this is all off an investment of 7.9k. The return on ad spend that the campaign saw sits just under 4.3x. So obviously, for every dollar you spent, you received $4, 30 or $4.26 in return. And then of all the sales that the campaign generated, just under 52% of them were new to brand. So from everything I'm seeing, especially in Q2 during the sponsored product campaign and the Costco rotation, a lot of great momentum. Anything on this slide stick out to you? That is good? Good? I think, yeah, it's pretty good for going. If we were to compare this to last year, which you can't even really do, it's a massive jump. So moving on into the your Instacart weighted distribution and your sales PR Insta, what this graph shows is the dark bar graph is what percentage of stores that sell your category on Instacart. So across all of the US Retailers that we partner with, what percentage of those stores Joy Burst was in? So if we look at, you know, June here, for example, we have 10.9%. So that means a joy verse was in 10.9% of all the retailers that sell your category. And then what the green line is showing you is that on average per distribution point that you have, this is the amount of sales that you're seeing at that distribution point. Okay. So. Yeah, so as we can see, even with huge hikes in distribution in May and June, we saw that your sales per distribution point rapidly increased through that. So that's a great sign. We'd always want to make sure that you're not increasing your distribution without, you know, having the proper foundation in place to see increase in sales as you're growing. So. Okay, please help me understand this a little bit. So 10.9%, for example, you said that compares how many stores Joy Burst was available in versus how many stores distribute products in this category. Value Added Water category. Yeah. In the U.S. so out of, let's say if there are 100, 1800 stores out there, for an example, this would mean almost close to 180 stores were carrying our product. Is that what you mean? Yeah, just over in that scenario. Just over 180 stores. Got it. And the 10,000, it's a par store velocity that you're talking about. And it's for the month. Yeah, that's. That's. This is broken down by month. So we saw a huge surge in January. Distribution declined pretty substantially February through April, and then with the Costco push. Costco rotation, it increased back up to 10.9. Okay. Yeah. All right. And you know what, Conor? I'll just clarify it one more time. So 10,000 is per store in that month. On average. On average, yeah. And it is also weighted by the amount of dollars that are coming through that store. I'm happy I have a slide that breaks down the calculation for you to review later, which I'll. It's. I'll add to the appendix of this deck and I'll send it over to you afterwards. But it takes into account. So not all stores are equal. Some stores have a lot more, you know, velocity through them than others. So it. It's weighted distribution. So stores that have more sales coming through them get more, you know, more weight in the calculation. So it may be easier if I were to pull up the slide. But what you can think about it for the time being right now is that, yes, on average per store, $10,000 are going through each store. Got it. I understand. It's a weighted average. And the weight is basically based on total revenue generated by that store on Instacart. That's how you're thinking. Exactly. Okay. In this category, Value added. Only the Value add water category. Yes. Okay. And what does IWD and SPIWD stand for? So that's. IWD is Instacart Weighted Distribution. So again, taking into account money there as well. So. And then the SBIWD is the sales per Instacart weighted distribution. Got it. Okay. Yeah. Any. Any further questions on this? I. It's. Again, since the. Since the distribution is the dividing factor, a lot of times you'll see brands, when they increase their distribution, that their sales per distribution point decreases if they're not, you know, accelerating sales at the same time. So the fact that you see such a strong ramp in distribution and sales for square weight distribution is a really good sign. Shows the real appetite for the product on Instacart. So, yeah, like I said, any further clarification here? Well, so between May and June, so it means the distribution slightly dropped. Weighted distribution, of course. And that slightly dropped. Despite that, the PAR store, in simple layman's term, per store revenue went up almost by like 40%. Yeah. And that. What we see is that in. This is a good segue. If I go into this Slide. We see that. A lot of it. Even though the distribution did decline, the ad, your ad spend continue to ramp up through June. So you're winning more premium placements and getting in front of more consumers. Which most likely led to the large hike in sales for Instacart weight distribution. Because you're increasing the amount of impressions you were getting because of that. As we can see here, you weren't even. You were not only just bringing in like more total consumers, but a higher percentage of them were new to brand consumers as well. So that's why from. Even though distribution stayed site like very similar consistent through, you know, May and June, the fact that your campaign was more well funded and turning and burning, that's why your sales were so much stronger in that month. Okay, so you're pointing out that the NTP percentage is also going up. Yeah, the, the total number of purchases of course is increasing, but also the percentage of NTB is also going up here. Yeah. Okay. And why is that? 15,000. Why is it only 15,000 for jump for June? Yeah, like even less than 15,000. Is that ad spend data? Yeah, yeah, that's for the ad spend. Okay. This is, this, this bar is not a show. It's not a breakdown of like sales. What breakdown of your sales are coming from new to brand to returning. It's the customers. And you know, our data privacy doesn't allow us to share total customer counts. So that's why there's no, you know, Y axis figures on the left hand side here. I can't show like exact customer numbers, but if you were curious to see what your sales breakdown was for new to brand to returning, I could send that over if you'd like. Sure. Yeah, that'd be nice. Yeah. Are there any figures in mind that the team has or any KPIs the team has? Like we want to see this many new to brand, see this level of retention, things like that. Well, one big challenge with Instacart ads is that we don't get to see where the ad placements are. I mean even if you talk about the retailers, we don't get that kind of retailer specific distribution. That's a. I mean, because that's what we are trying to impact. Right. We are trying to impact the sell through rate at the stores. That's what we want to impact. So we don't get to see what is getting impacted. We don't get to see the retailer specific data. That's one challenge. Yeah, we do have retailer specific data to some degree, but it does Come at, you know, an agreed spend investment level, which right now Joy Burst is not close to. I can share that. We typically provide retailer specific data. Brand health by retailer, close to annual investment of 250k. Okay. Is that something that they're extremely interested in and would possibly pursue in 2026? I mean, that could be one possibility. I'm not sure of course, but what I'd like to know is what kind of granularity can you expect to see when you say that it would include retailer specific distribution. Will it include just retailer name or also location wise distribution? I'd have to double check if I could provide any kind of, you know, regional specific data and I can get back to you on that. But it would typically show, you know, per retailer sales time over, like over a specific period of time and what the lift you saw. And then if, if you're, if you're looking for more retailer specific data, there are new possibilities coming out this quarter for Costco. If the Costco orientation continues where you can run a campaign solely focused on Costco and then all the metrics you would get revolving around attribute sales new to brand return would all be Costco specific. Got it. Okay. But will that be same same kind of ads like we do on Instacart or will the placements be different? It would be exactly the same kind of campaign structure. So it'd be sponsored product, shoppable, display, shoppable video, things of that nature. Got it. Okay, so I like to move into category insights now. Right now, Joy burst is the 14th top selling value added water brand on Instacart. If we look at this graph on the left, this is the breakdown of what the category currently looks like based on category share. So your average Q2 category share, it's higher than the the average of H1 because you did have such a strong Q2 with the Costco distribution, it's sitting at 0.83%. That places you in 14th overall. And then as we can see, there is work still to be done with, you know, look at brand 10, for example. If your goal is to break into the top 10, you'd have to be closer to a 1.9% category share. The good news here is that if we look at the graph on the right, joy versus quarter over quarter sales growth grew by 85, just over 85% which is outpacing the category average which is at 33.7%. So you know, if things continue and your ad strategy continues to evolve, you can continue to steal a share of the Brands ahead of you, which, as you can see, are not growing at the same rate that you guys are. Can we also see the top eight brands? That's not in the chart. Yeah, if you're, if you're curious to see the growth of the top eight brands, that's something that I can pull and tell you right now. I can't make it look all pretty like it is on the graph right now. That's okay. You don't have to do it right now. You can do it later on if you're okay with that. Yeah, yeah, sure. I'll send it to you. I'll send it to you right when we hop off here. And then wanted to add in some seasonality here of like what the category looks like throughout the rest of the year. Based on last year, you know, what we saw is a pretty substantial surge in the cost per click in Q1. Then it dips out a bit, and then in Q4 it really starts to ramp up a bit. And this is just the price of competing in ads on Instacart. So, you know, Q3 sales stay really consistent and are actually higher than a large majority of Q4. So Q3 really is the time, if you guys are looking to effectively scale, Q3 would be a better time than say the later half of H2 and Q4. Got it. Is that similar to what you, you were expecting or is it different? Well, generally the summer months are better for our, our kind of products. Right. So yeah. And you know, what about this graph that I see here? What are those two things? I see one red, another one in green. Yeah. So the green one is your, is the index sales. So, you know, as we can see it right here, come October, sales actually hit their peak for the year and then everything. And then whereas for the red line, that's the cost per click. So the average, you know, price to gain in interaction on an ad actually peaks and is the most expensive in late December, which is typical with Instacart. We have a super high traction around the holidays, like a lot of increased traffic. So brands really dive deep and a lot of them are those more household name brands that have a lot more money to play around with. So they kind of typically around, you know, Christmas, late December, they kind of do it takeover and just spend more than everybody else. I see that. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Well, the only thing left I have is an area of improvement and I just wanted to share this slide. It's the recipe for success with your sponsored product campaigns. So one, the three main pillars are maximized UPC coverage, competitive bid strategy and 100% auction participation. You know, make sure. So if we work down from there, I saw that there was 40 issue different products that Joy versus in its library. Do you have plans to run ads for each product? Separate them out by ad groups, distribution, anything like that? Well, for now, those products. There are many products. I understand, but they are not really our priority. So we may not advertise them. We probably will prioritize. Even if we go ahead with the Instacart ads right now, this is something that we're evaluating and that's why I wanted to join this call. Even if we do that, then we'll prioritize our new launches which are going to be soda, protein, coffee and also hydration. This is. These are. These are our focus areas. So not the products that you see because there are many energy drinks, we are not big on them. The new launches are our priority. So. But the new. The energy drinks are like the hero skus in the past, right? Those have been the top sellers. Not. Okay, yeah, they are. They were in the past, but we have kind of pivoted and our focus area is going to be hydration and all the new things that I told you. Okay. All right. Well, what. What kind of are those release dates coming out in Q3, Q4. And I know, I know you said you work with Amazon. Like, are you. Are you planning any sort of push for. For the new product lines or like what? Well, definitely. I mean, yeah, this is something that is just coming out. So we are definitely going to prioritize that Amazon is going to be the. Of course we're going to advertise them on Amazon. Instacart. We are not so sure about. So here's the question. I like the data that you have shown me so far. What I was thinking, what if we didn't advertise it because back in January, If you look at the sale through. I understand it's lower than what you observe in June, but is it because we had better distribution? Because if you also look at January, we had lower distribution. Right. And our distribution, 10.9%. It was 10.9% in June. So that naturally. Oh, okay. No, that's. That's not right. Okay, I see. But look at February. What was our overall revenue in February? Was it lower? Yeah. Here, let me, Let me. You know what, Conor, it's fine. We don't have to do it right now. But these are the things we are trying to understand. So the question here is what if we didn't advertise here, would we really be impacted that much? Because after we stopped advertising, even in July, you will see the sales fee is quite high. So how would it really impact if we didn't advertise? Well, it's safe to assume that as we saw on the few of those graphs, when you advertise you're bringing in more customers, you're increasing your impressions. A lot of those new customers would not have found joy burst if you were not advertising because we saw that you had a much higher new to brand customer rate when you are advertising versus when you are not advertising. And then if we, I know the Costco distribution is, you know, played a big part in like a massive part in this, this sales lift. But if you were asking like February sales were 26k, June sales 109k. Did I get that? Yeah, yeah. So it, there's also a handful of other levers that you can pull against card ads. I. If you are interested in getting a little more granular and not, you know, focusing solely on sponsored products with shoppable display, shoppable video, you can add behavior targeting where it's. You are targeting specifically new to brand customers. So ad dollars put into that would solely target new to brand. And then there's also lapsed customers. So someone who hasn't purchased the last 30, 60, 90 days, there's also you could target solely people who have interacted but not checked out with the product. So if you're looking to get more granular, granular and see, you know, specific segments of your customer base and how they're responding to ads, that is also another possibility. And then there also is just a residual effect of month over month. Like people may take one or two or three. I think last time I heard it's up to like an average of 6 to 7 touch points before they purchase a new product. So someone who saw a promoted product interacted with it in May and June may now be checking out within July. But there was no initial contact that would have been created without the ad placement. Okay, so Connor, one question that you asked me. Are you willing to boost up the investment to 250,000 right. In 2026. Now the question is if we do that, what kind of lift can we expect? And I'll add one more question here with this. So let's say we advertised in June and one thing that I noticed is it used to spin the budget really quickly. And every day I receive an email and say that oh, we missed out on 94% of auction or something. So my question is if we really could utilize 5% only like 6% or 5% of the auction. That means if I, let's say almost 18x or 20x my budget, will I see that much lift out of this? Yeah. So it's hard to give a specific metric because I, I don't want to give you a sales figure that is, there's only been so much time that the campaign has passed. So it's hard to give specifics. It's a lot easier to get specific when a campaign's been running for longer. But I can share that when month over month. The campaign missed out over the span of May to June. Our system calculates that the campaign missed out on generating $1.8 million in sales due to lack of budget. And that's due to not hitting those auctions. So you average, you're not participating in 97% of auctions. And because of that, and that was budget related and because of that you missed out on $1.8 million in sales. Okay. I mean if that is really true, I mean that's a good news I'd say because this channel can generate that much revenue. But how do you suggest that we go about testing that? Yeah, so I, I have started conversations with, with, you know, our senior leadership about offering you guys a click match incentive, which what that is is with certain brands that Instacart is very confident would love their results if they felt comfortable scaling their budgets a pretty large scale. Instacart is willing to reimburse you one third of all the incremental lift that you do. So say right now you guys are not spending. So if you were to increase your daily budget to $6,000, Instacart would re reimburse you $2,000 of that daily spend each day. And for how long would that continue? The longest one I've seen done is two months. But if you're interested in doing a longer one, it typically, it's within the span of a quarter. So say we were to start doing this, you know, on Friday, it would be, what is that, like 65ish days. Okay, and what's the minimum budget requirement here? Well, since it's, you can only do this once, we don't offer a second run of this. It's really recommended that you choose an optimized level. So there is no, there is no minimum budget or no like specific minimum. But it's, it's highly recommended that you really test out what your campaigns can accomplish. While Instacart is Reimbursing. So it. From my. What I can see is your campaign would be optimized at a budget of $3,000 a day. And so if you're comfortable moving forward at that level and then being reimbursed $1000 for every $3000 you spend. So a total, you'd be getting $3000 of ad spend impressions for $2000 each day. That would be my recommendation. Just based on what our system's pulling would be the optimized level for you. Got it. Okay. All right. So that's, you know, that's all of the questions that I had to ask. Did you have anything else from your slide? No, I. I had a recommendation slide. Just saying exactly what I just said. So my, my only real question is if you were interested in moving forward to click match, which, you know, missing that many missed sales. I think it's definitely something you and the brand won't want to do for much longer. When I'm just. I would love more transparency on when the Costco distribution would come to an end because if you're going to be losing that amount of large majority of your distribution, again, it will affect your level of investment and like, what is a good investment level for you. So I would hate to sign an agreement for you to, you know, contribute a certain budget and then you'd be unable to spend it and then thus not receive the reimbursement. That's my only worry. Got it. Well, so you know what color. So send me the text that you just showed me along with the other information that we discussed. And this is something, of course, I have to think about and also discuss with the brand and then come to conclusion. So about the dates, I'm also not sure yet. We'll need to. I'll also need to talk to them and then we can probably. When I have all this information, then we can probably catch up one more time. Yeah, sure. Would. Would maybe a week's time be a good amount if I got this over to you later today and then in a week's time we were dunk up again? Because. I wouldn't say that because it's now we don't have a meeting scheduled in a week, so how about I do this? Let me get back to you. Whether it's. Whatever we decide to do. Let me get back to you, let's say within two weeks and then we'll go from there. Okay. Okay. I'm only pushing for sooner rather than later because, you know, the Costco rotation is right now and that is such a large distribution, and every single week, you're missing out on a massive amount of sales by not being live whatsoever. So if. If there's any budget that you have right now to contribute to a campaign, I strongly recommend it. And then once we touch back in a few weeks, we can talk about what an optimized level is. But I just. You're. You're in a competitive category. Beverages is a super competitive, super category. On Instacart. There are so many brands competing for those top spots, and you guys could be doing so much more if you had a campaign promoting you at the top of the page. That's my only push. Just the urgency here is a real factor. I understand that. Yeah. Okay. All right. Well, you know, appreciate your time. It was great to meet you. I'll send this over with the adjustments that. That you asked for in the supplemental data. But if you ever. If you have any questions in the meantime, just let me know. Yeah, sure. Well, it was a really nice presentation and nice meeting you. Thank you. Okay, talk soon. Take care. Yeah, talk soon. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: I could definitely, you know, retailer the recommendation if it, you know, if the Costco rotation is moving out, it may change the recommendation because I was basing it on, you know, your current, the current distribution and sales velocity that we're seeing. So how of the majority of their store is Costco dissertation in majority of their stores?

Speaker B: Yeah, for now, yes.

Speaker A: In the U.S. okay. All right, so that's, that's, that's good to know. When we get to the recommendation, I can, you know, explain further about what, how that, how that changes things. So you know, quick overview of, you know, Instacart and the ads ecosystem that we're creating. You know, you had asked like, how can Instacart help? So, you know, there's, there's obviously been. With CPG online growing so rapidly and exponentially, there's been a huge influx of, you know, different, different sites and places that brands could put their ad dollars to promote their products. And Instacart, our Marketplace includes over 1800 retail banners across the US and Canada and 100,000 plus digital storefronts. And we also have a growing network of e commerce, grocery e commerce sites. So we, our technology powers the websites of Sprouts Thrive market. We have some new things coming out with Costco that you can, you know, specifically target your Costco distribution and there's a handful of other ones where brands can specifically target a retailer. Like Sprouts is a big one. You could set up a campaign that would solely target your sprouts distribution and your customer base. There is. Is Joy burst on Thrive or does it have a big presence in Sprouts at all?

Speaker B: It's mostly Costco. No, no, it's not on those platforms.

Speaker A: Okay, so you know, if the Costco distribute, do you know how have a timeline of when the, the rotation will come to an end?

Speaker B: I don't have that exactly.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. As long as it's not like tomorrow, then that's a good, that's a good sign. So yeah. Great. So yeah, Instacart is really just the. We're, what we're building is, you know, putting together all of these different retailers. It's a place that you can target your entire national, you know, retail portfolio. And your campaigns that you're creating are syndicated across the entire marketplace. So on top of that, we've run, you know, some in store studies that show that people are 21% more likely to purchase in store once exposed to an Instacart ad. So that's something that won't reflect in your like campaign Attributed sales roas. But it's definitely something that's really prevalent. I mean 21% is not something to overlook. So what you know when you're running a campaign with Instagram is that your campaign is doing more than just promoting your products on instacart.com it's all these other retailer sites plus the in store halo effect that we, that we've seen. Any, any questions on this slide before I move forward?

Speaker B: Yeah, one question is, you said that if we advertise on Instacart, the ads will also show up on those retailers websites.

Speaker A: Yeah. So we have over 220 sites where when you promote your product on Instacart, the ad it also incorporates those retailers specific sites. So say someone was, say for the sake of this situation that Joy Burst was available on sprouts.com if someone were to search, you know, flavored water on sprouts.com, a campaign that you're running on through your Instacart ads manager, similar to the one you just ran, it would serve to promote Joy Burst products to that consumer on sprouts.com so it's really just finding wherever the opportunity is across your entire retail distribution, it serves in those placements.

Speaker B: And it's also happening with Costco.

Speaker A: Yes, Costco.com as well. Yeah, so yeah, not only when someone's on like, you know, their phone looking at Instacart, it's also if someone's shopping on Costco.com. all right, great. So if there's no more questions here, I can hop into performance or are there any other, you know, underlying questions around Instacart, what kind of reach we have, anything like that. Feel free to fire away. We don't have to. Since this is our, you know, first time meeting, I don't want to, you know, stick to the slides. I think it'd be a lot more educational for, for both of us if it was more just a conversation. So I don't want to have to feel like we have to make it through this deck. I'm here to answer your questions and then.

Speaker B: Sure. You know what? I think, I think it will be better if we keep going through the slides. I have all those questions anyway. I'll ask. I mean depending on if it gets answered or not in the day, we'll, we'll do.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: We'll cover them at the end.

Speaker A: Yeah, great idea. Okay, so I'll move into performance here. And this is the full H1 review. So saw total sales of just over 300k total impressions of 148k. Your average category share for the first half of the year was 0.64% of the value add water category. I can share that. At the end of June, Joy Verse was sitting at around 1.3% of all category sales. And this is all off an investment of 7.9k. The return on ad spend that the campaign saw sits just under 4.3x. So obviously, for every dollar you spent, you received $4, 30 or $4.26 in return. And then of all the sales that the campaign generated, just under 52% of them were new to brand. So from everything I'm seeing, especially in Q2 during the sponsored product campaign and the Costco rotation, a lot of great momentum. Anything on this slide stick out to you?

Speaker B: That is good?

Speaker A: Good? I think, yeah, it's pretty good for going. If we were to compare this to last year, which you can't even really do, it's a massive jump. So moving on into the your Instacart weighted distribution and your sales PR Insta, what this graph shows is the dark bar graph is what percentage of stores that sell your category on Instacart. So across all of the US Retailers that we partner with, what percentage of those stores Joy Burst was in? So if we look at, you know, June here, for example, we have 10.9%. So that means a joy verse was in 10.9% of all the retailers that sell your category. And then what the green line is showing you is that on average per distribution point that you have, this is the amount of sales that you're seeing at that distribution point.

Speaker B: Okay. So.

Speaker A: Yeah, so as we can see, even with huge hikes in distribution in May and June, we saw that your sales per distribution point rapidly increased through that. So that's a great sign. We'd always want to make sure that you're not increasing your distribution without, you know, having the proper foundation in place to see increase in sales as you're growing. So.

Speaker B: Okay, please help me understand this a little bit. So 10.9%, for example, you said that compares how many stores Joy Burst was available in versus how many stores distribute products in this category. Value Added Water category.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: In the U.S. so out of, let's say if there are 100, 1800 stores out there, for an example, this would mean almost close to 180 stores were carrying our product. Is that what you mean?

Speaker A: Yeah, just over in that scenario. Just over 180 stores. Got it.

Speaker B: And the 10,000, it's a par store velocity that you're talking about. And it's for the month.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's. That's. This is broken down by month. So we saw a huge surge in January. Distribution declined pretty substantially February through April, and then with the Costco push. Costco rotation, it increased back up to 10.9.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. All right. And you know what, Conor? I'll just clarify it one more time. So 10,000 is per store in that month. On average.

Speaker A: On average, yeah. And it is also weighted by the amount of dollars that are coming through that store. I'm happy I have a slide that breaks down the calculation for you to review later, which I'll. It's. I'll add to the appendix of this deck and I'll send it over to you afterwards. But it takes into account. So not all stores are equal. Some stores have a lot more, you know, velocity through them than others. So it. It's weighted distribution. So stores that have more sales coming through them get more, you know, more weight in the calculation. So it may be easier if I were to pull up the slide. But what you can think about it for the time being right now is that, yes, on average per store, $10,000 are going through each store. Got it.

Speaker B: I understand. It's a weighted average. And the weight is basically based on total revenue generated by that store on Instacart. That's how you're thinking.

Speaker A: Exactly.

Speaker B: Okay. In this category, Value added.

Speaker A: Only the Value add water category.

Speaker B: Yes. Okay. And what does IWD and SPIWD stand for?

Speaker A: So that's. IWD is Instacart Weighted Distribution. So again, taking into account money there as well. So. And then the SBIWD is the sales per Instacart weighted distribution.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Any.

Speaker A: Any further questions on this?

Speaker B: I.

Speaker A: It's. Again, since the. Since the distribution is the dividing factor, a lot of times you'll see brands, when they increase their distribution, that their sales per distribution point decreases if they're not, you know, accelerating sales at the same time. So the fact that you see such a strong ramp in distribution and sales for square weight distribution is a really good sign. Shows the real appetite for the product on Instacart. So, yeah, like I said, any further clarification here?

Speaker B: Well, so between May and June, so it means the distribution slightly dropped. Weighted distribution, of course. And that slightly dropped. Despite that, the PAR store, in simple layman's term, per store revenue went up almost by like 40%.

Speaker A: Yeah. And that. What we see is that in. This is a good segue. If I go into this Slide. We see that. A lot of it. Even though the distribution did decline, the ad, your ad spend continue to ramp up through June. So you're winning more premium placements and getting in front of more consumers. Which most likely led to the large hike in sales for Instacart weight distribution. Because you're increasing the amount of impressions you were getting because of that. As we can see here, you weren't even. You were not only just bringing in like more total consumers, but a higher percentage of them were new to brand consumers as well. So that's why from. Even though distribution stayed site like very similar consistent through, you know, May and June, the fact that your campaign was more well funded and turning and burning, that's why your sales were so much stronger in that month.

Speaker B: Okay, so you're pointing out that the NTP percentage is also going up. Yeah, the, the total number of purchases of course is increasing, but also the percentage of NTB is also going up here.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. And why is that? 15,000. Why is it only 15,000 for jump for June? Yeah, like even less than 15,000. Is that ad spend data?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, that's for the ad spend.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: This is, this, this bar is not a show. It's not a breakdown of like sales. What breakdown of your sales are coming from new to brand to returning. It's the customers. And you know, our data privacy doesn't allow us to share total customer counts. So that's why there's no, you know, Y axis figures on the left hand side here. I can't show like exact customer numbers, but if you were curious to see what your sales breakdown was for new to brand to returning, I could send that over if you'd like.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah, that'd be nice. Yeah.

Speaker A: Are there any figures in mind that the team has or any KPIs the team has? Like we want to see this many new to brand, see this level of retention, things like that.

Speaker B: Well, one big challenge with Instacart ads is that we don't get to see where the ad placements are. I mean even if you talk about the retailers, we don't get that kind of retailer specific distribution. That's a. I mean, because that's what we are trying to impact. Right. We are trying to impact the sell through rate at the stores. That's what we want to impact. So we don't get to see what is getting impacted. We don't get to see the retailer specific data. That's one challenge.

Speaker A: Yeah, we do have retailer specific data to some degree, but it does Come at, you know, an agreed spend investment level, which right now Joy Burst is not close to. I can share that. We typically provide retailer specific data. Brand health by retailer, close to annual investment of 250k.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Is that something that they're extremely interested in and would possibly pursue in 2026?

Speaker B: I mean, that could be one possibility. I'm not sure of course, but what I'd like to know is what kind of granularity can you expect to see when you say that it would include retailer specific distribution. Will it include just retailer name or also location wise distribution?

Speaker A: I'd have to double check if I could provide any kind of, you know, regional specific data and I can get back to you on that. But it would typically show, you know, per retailer sales time over, like over a specific period of time and what the lift you saw. And then if, if you're, if you're looking for more retailer specific data, there are new possibilities coming out this quarter for Costco. If the Costco orientation continues where you can run a campaign solely focused on Costco and then all the metrics you would get revolving around attribute sales new to brand return would all be Costco specific. Got it.

Speaker B: Okay. But will that be same same kind of ads like we do on Instacart or will the placements be different?

Speaker A: It would be exactly the same kind of campaign structure. So it'd be sponsored product, shoppable, display, shoppable video, things of that nature.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay,

Speaker A: so I like to move into category insights now. Right now, Joy burst is the 14th top selling value added water brand on Instacart. If we look at this graph on the left, this is the breakdown of what the category currently looks like based on category share. So your average Q2 category share, it's higher than the the average of H1 because you did have such a strong Q2 with the Costco distribution, it's sitting at 0.83%. That places you in 14th overall. And then as we can see, there is work still to be done with, you know, look at brand 10, for example. If your goal is to break into the top 10, you'd have to be closer to a 1.9% category share. The good news here is that if we look at the graph on the right, joy versus quarter over quarter sales growth grew by 85, just over 85% which is outpacing the category average which is at 33.7%. So you know, if things continue and your ad strategy continues to evolve, you can continue to steal a share of the Brands ahead of you, which, as you can see, are not growing at the same rate that you guys are.

Speaker B: Can we also see the top eight brands? That's not in the chart.

Speaker A: Yeah, if you're, if you're curious to see the growth of the top eight brands, that's something that I can pull and tell you right now. I can't make it look all pretty like it is on the graph right now.

Speaker B: That's okay. You don't have to do it right now. You can do it later on if you're okay with that.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, sure. I'll send it to you. I'll send it to you right when we hop off here. And then wanted to add in some seasonality here of like what the category looks like throughout the rest of the year. Based on last year, you know, what we saw is a pretty substantial surge in the cost per click in Q1. Then it dips out a bit, and then in Q4 it really starts to ramp up a bit. And this is just the price of competing in ads on Instacart. So, you know, Q3 sales stay really consistent and are actually higher than a large majority of Q4. So Q3 really is the time, if you guys are looking to effectively scale, Q3 would be a better time than say the later half of H2 and Q4.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: Is that similar to what you, you were expecting or is it different?

Speaker B: Well, generally the summer months are better for our, our kind of products. Right.

Speaker A: So yeah.

Speaker B: And you know, what about this graph that I see here? What are those two things? I see one red, another one in green.

Speaker A: Yeah. So the green one is your, is the index sales. So, you know, as we can see it right here, come October, sales actually hit their peak for the year and then everything. And then whereas for the red line, that's the cost per click. So the average, you know, price to gain in interaction on an ad actually peaks and is the most expensive in late December, which is typical with Instacart. We have a super high traction around the holidays, like a lot of increased traffic. So brands really dive deep and a lot of them are those more household name brands that have a lot more money to play around with. So they kind of typically around, you know, Christmas, late December, they kind of do it takeover and just spend more than everybody else.

Speaker B: I see that. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. Well, the only thing left I have is an area of improvement and I just wanted to share this slide. It's the recipe for success with your sponsored product campaigns. So one, the three main pillars are maximized UPC coverage, competitive bid strategy and 100% auction participation. You know, make sure. So if we work down from there, I saw that there was 40 issue different products that Joy versus in its library. Do you have plans to run ads for each product? Separate them out by ad groups, distribution, anything like that?

Speaker B: Well, for now, those products. There are many products. I understand, but they are not really our priority. So we may not advertise them. We probably will prioritize. Even if we go ahead with the Instacart ads right now, this is something that we're evaluating and that's why I wanted to join this call. Even if we do that, then we'll prioritize our new launches which are going to be soda, protein, coffee and also hydration. This is. These are. These are our focus areas. So not the products that you see because there are many energy drinks, we are not big on them. The new launches are our priority.

Speaker A: So. But the new. The energy drinks are like the hero skus in the past, right? Those have been the top sellers.

Speaker B: Not. Okay, yeah, they are. They were in the past, but we have kind of pivoted and our focus area is going to be hydration and all the new things that I told you.

Speaker A: Okay. All right. Well, what. What kind of are those release dates coming out in Q3, Q4. And I know, I know you said you work with Amazon. Like, are you. Are you planning any sort of push for. For the new product lines or like what?

Speaker B: Well, definitely. I mean, yeah, this is something that is just coming out. So we are definitely going to prioritize that Amazon is going to be the. Of course we're going to advertise them on Amazon. Instacart. We are not so sure about. So here's the question. I like the data that you have shown me so far. What I was thinking, what if we didn't advertise it because back in January, If you look at the sale through. I understand it's lower than what you observe in June, but is it because we had better distribution? Because if you also look at January, we had lower distribution.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: And our distribution, 10.9%. It was 10.9% in June. So that naturally. Oh, okay. No, that's. That's not right. Okay, I see. But look at February. What was our overall revenue in February? Was it lower?

Speaker A: Yeah. Here, let me, Let me.

Speaker B: You know what, Conor, it's fine. We don't have to do it right now. But these are the things we are trying to understand. So the question here is what if we didn't advertise here, would we really be impacted that much? Because after we stopped advertising, even in July, you will see the sales fee is quite high. So how would it really impact if we didn't advertise?

Speaker A: Well, it's safe to assume that as we saw on the few of those graphs, when you advertise you're bringing in more customers, you're increasing your impressions. A lot of those new customers would not have found joy burst if you were not advertising because we saw that you had a much higher new to brand customer rate when you are advertising versus when you are not advertising. And then if we, I know the Costco distribution is, you know, played a big part in like a massive part in this, this sales lift. But if you were asking like February sales were 26k, June sales 109k.

Speaker B: Did I get that?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So it, there's also a handful of other levers that you can pull against card ads. I. If you are interested in getting a little more granular and not, you know, focusing solely on sponsored products with shoppable display, shoppable video, you can add behavior targeting where it's. You are targeting specifically new to brand customers. So ad dollars put into that would solely target new to brand. And then there's also lapsed customers. So someone who hasn't purchased the last 30, 60, 90 days, there's also you could target solely people who have interacted but not checked out with the product. So if you're looking to get more granular, granular and see, you know, specific segments of your customer base and how they're responding to ads, that is also another possibility. And then there also is just a residual effect of month over month. Like people may take one or two or three. I think last time I heard it's up to like an average of 6 to 7 touch points before they purchase a new product. So someone who saw a promoted product interacted with it in May and June may now be checking out within July. But there was no initial contact that would have been created without the ad placement.

Speaker B: Okay, so Connor, one question that you asked me. Are you willing to boost up the investment to 250,000 right. In 2026. Now the question is if we do that, what kind of lift can we expect? And I'll add one more question here with this. So let's say we advertised in June and one thing that I noticed is it used to spin the budget really quickly. And every day I receive an email and say that oh, we missed out on 94% of auction or something. So my question is if we really could utilize 5% only like 6% or 5% of the auction. That means if I, let's say almost 18x or 20x my budget, will I see that much lift out of this?

Speaker A: Yeah. So it's hard to give a specific metric because I, I don't want to give you a sales figure that is, there's only been so much time that the campaign has passed. So it's hard to give specifics. It's a lot easier to get specific when a campaign's been running for longer. But I can share that when month over month. The campaign missed out over the span of May to June. Our system calculates that the campaign missed out on generating $1.8 million in sales due to lack of budget. And that's due to not hitting those auctions. So you average, you're not participating in 97% of auctions. And because of that, and that was budget related and because of that you missed out on $1.8 million in sales.

Speaker B: Okay. I mean if that is really true, I mean that's a good news I'd say because this channel can generate that much revenue. But how do you suggest that we go about testing that?

Speaker A: Yeah, so I, I have started conversations with, with, you know, our senior leadership about offering you guys a click match incentive, which what that is is with certain brands that Instacart is very confident would love their results if they felt comfortable scaling their budgets a pretty large scale. Instacart is willing to reimburse you one third of all the incremental lift that you do. So say right now you guys are not spending. So if you were to increase your daily budget to $6,000, Instacart would re reimburse you $2,000 of that daily spend each day.

Speaker B: And for how long would that continue?

Speaker A: The longest one I've seen done is two months. But if you're interested in doing a longer one, it typically, it's within the span of a quarter. So say we were to start doing this, you know, on Friday, it would be, what is that, like 65ish days.

Speaker B: Okay, and what's the minimum budget requirement here?

Speaker A: Well, since it's, you can only do this once, we don't offer a second run of this. It's really recommended that you choose an optimized level. So there is no, there is no minimum budget or no like specific minimum. But it's, it's highly recommended that you really test out what your campaigns can accomplish. While Instacart is Reimbursing. So it. From my. What I can see is your campaign would be optimized at a budget of $3,000 a day. And so if you're comfortable moving forward at that level and then being reimbursed $1000 for every $3000 you spend. So a total, you'd be getting $3000 of ad spend impressions for $2000 each day. That would be my recommendation. Just based on what our system's pulling would be the optimized level for you.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. All right. So that's, you know, that's all of the questions that I had to ask. Did you have anything else from your slide?

Speaker A: No, I. I had a recommendation slide. Just saying exactly what I just said. So my, my only real question is if you were interested in moving forward to click match, which, you know, missing that many missed sales. I think it's definitely something you and the brand won't want to do for much longer. When I'm just. I would love more transparency on when the Costco distribution would come to an end because if you're going to be losing that amount of large majority of your distribution, again, it will affect your level of investment and like, what is a good investment level for you. So I would hate to sign an agreement for you to, you know, contribute a certain budget and then you'd be unable to spend it and then thus not receive the reimbursement. That's my only worry.

Speaker B: Got it. Well, so you know what color. So send me the text that you just showed me along with the other information that we discussed. And this is something, of course, I have to think about and also discuss with the brand and then come to conclusion. So about the dates, I'm also not sure yet. We'll need to. I'll also need to talk to them and then we can probably. When I have all this information, then we can probably catch up one more time.

Speaker A: Yeah, sure. Would. Would maybe a week's time be a good amount if I got this over to you later today and then in a week's time we were dunk up again? Because.

Speaker B: I wouldn't say that because it's now we don't have a meeting scheduled in a week, so how about I do this? Let me get back to you. Whether it's. Whatever we decide to do. Let me get back to you, let's say within two weeks and then we'll go from there.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. I'm only pushing for sooner rather than later because, you know, the Costco rotation is right now and that is such a large distribution, and every single week, you're missing out on a massive amount of sales by not being live whatsoever. So if. If there's any budget that you have right now to contribute to a campaign, I strongly recommend it. And then once we touch back in a few weeks, we can talk about what an optimized level is. But I just. You're. You're in a competitive category. Beverages is a super competitive, super category. On Instacart. There are so many brands competing for those top spots, and you guys could be doing so much more if you had a campaign promoting you at the top of the page. That's my only push. Just the urgency here is a real factor.

Speaker B: I understand that. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. All right. Well, you know, appreciate your time. It was great to meet you. I'll send this over with the adjustments that. That you asked for in the supplemental data. But if you ever. If you have any questions in the meantime, just let me know.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. Well, it was a really nice presentation and nice meeting you.

Speaker A: Thank you. Okay, talk soon. Take care.

Speaker B: Yeah, talk soon.

Speaker A: Bye.

