Transcript for: Recording__1255.mp4
Title: Recording #1255
============================================================

Is also a good proof of the compensation. But if you want to add these pay stubs, which is written invoice, then you should definitely add the clarification from the employer why it was called invoice when it was not an invoice, it was a pay statement. So you recommend to add that as well. Right. If you want to add your pay stubs, then add the explanation from the employer as well. Okay. And as there was no tax deduction in the invoice or the pay stub, that is fine. Yes, that it, it's fine if it was below the minimum amount, that is, you know, you required to pay taxes after, then it's okay. Great. That will answer my first question. So my second question was that as my benefit can I show the paid holidays because I don't have as such benefits in my companies. So the paid holidays, does it mean paid time off or they pay for you to go somewhere else? Paid time off, you can see, then no, it's okay if you don't show benefits separately in your reference letter. Okay. It doesn't matter that much. Right? That doesn't. Okay. And for my Canadian experience, I was paid the commission as well, so. So should I specify the commission or should I just mention that I was also getting the commission? It's also up to you. If you only mention that you will receive salary in this and this amount and you are also receiving commissions, that is enough. But yeah, if you can add, if you want to add more information, that will definitely not be a problem. Okay, got it. Thank you. And my third question is about the Canadian experience. So my Canadian employer is a three year old startup that I have mentioned already and it does not have that much social proof because it's a small company. So how can I prove that the company is legitimate? Business registration incorporation documents are really good in this case and without doubt it will prove that the company is legit. So I have to provide those documents with my application you suggest? I think in this case, if so, is there a website for this company? Yeah, there is a website. So what do you mean by no, you have LinkedIn and website, but that's it. Nothing else. That don't employers have to have, you know, social media presence as well? That's not a requirement. But yeah, if you feel more comfortable, definitely add one. Let's say a business registration document. Again, that will not hurt. It might be enough without that. But if you can add that without, you know, any kind of hassle, then yeah, go for it. Okay. Just to show that the company Is legit. Yes. If you add more documents, that one is minimum requirement. That will never hurt your case. Unless it's, you know, reveal some discrepancy. But that's not the case here. So yeah, if you could, if you do that, do that. But will you recommend that? Because some employer like may not provide that documents to the employee. So that was my concern. Yeah, that's what I'm seeing. If you can do that. So if your employer providing that document without, you know, giving you a hard time, then yeah, you do. If, if it's not the case, if they don't want to give it to you, that's also understandable, then it's fine. It should still be fine. Okay, got it. Okay, thank you. My next question is that I am updating the offer letter and the experience letter now. Like I will put the recent dates. Will that be a problem? Or I have to give the previous ones. Basically for your current employment, it should be recent. I always ask my clients to provide a reference letter that is not more than 30 days old when we submit the application. It is for both. Both how? Foreign experience and my Canadian experience. So it's still okay with foreign experience, previous experiences. The letter should be dated after you left the company. Anytime after is good. It can still be recent. That's not an issue. Okay. And about the offer letter, Canadian offer letter, I was updating that right now, but I can give the previous date. What, what do you update on that? You got an offer letter when you join the job, right? The original. But the job duties are like. There was mentioned job duties which matched like the knock. Like it's quite exactly matched with the knock. That's why I thought to just. When it's a job offer, the duties in the offer doesn't really matter in this sense at least because when you get a job offer, the duties in the letter are meaning what you will do, what you're expected to do in the future. What matters for IRCC is the reference letter, what you have been doing. So that that should be fine. If it's the same, not good, that is okay. If in the job offer which you got before you joined, it's a copy paste. If it's not a copy paste now, but more personalized to your day to day job and still a match, then it's absolutely fine. For some points it was kind of like copy paste in the reference letter. No, the job offer letter. Yeah, the job offer letter. As I said, it's fine. Okay. There's no problem because it means that when you were hired, they were expected you to the same duties. So the clear basically no code duties. But if it's personal reference. No, it's not an issue. Don't worry about that. Okay. Okay, great. Another question is that my office is in Toronto, but I live in Vancouver. I'm working for the job remotely. So how can I explain that? Like what should I say in the office address? So in the office address, when you fill the work history section in your application, don't mention the actual office address, your personal history, you know, then change the address because in the personal history it doesn't ask what was the employer's address, it asks where this activity or something like that. So in that mention, Vancouver, is any of the employer documents like the job offer or the reference letter mentioned that you work remotely? Yes, it mentioned that I will work remotely. In the reference letter at least it will mention that is covered then. Okay, so you are suggesting that office address should be the Toronto address, but my personal history address should be my address, right? Yes. Okay. Another thing is that my Canadian employer does not have any official stamp. So will it be okay in my reference letter if there is no stamp? Almost. Almost reference letters, there is no stamp. There's only a signature. And that is fine. That is completely fine. Okay, great. And another thing is that I know for CEC we don't have to show any proof of funds. But still, my presenter profile, it was showing this as required. Like I have to provide to show the subfont. So how can I. Like what can I do that? It shows that because in your application there is a number when it asks how much money will you bring to Canada? You put the money there before you get an invitation because you wanted to be eligible for FSW as well. But you're invited to CEC and the amount is still there. So you can do basically three things. One, change that number to zero, the placeholder will disappear and you're still eligible because you're not required to show proof of funds or keep the number and upload to that placeholder a short explanation letter saying that you have been invited under the CEC Canadian experience class. Therefore you are exempt to showing proof of funds. That also works. Or you can just upload your bank statements. Just. Just my recent bank statement. Yes, that is also fine. Okay, got it. So yeah, these were my questions basically. And do you have any other suggestion for my application with your Canadian experience? Please upload your T4 and notice of Assessment as well. In your education document. What kind of education do you have? I have a degree and I have done diploma, post degree diploma over here. Huh. So upload your Canadian certificate, Canadian transcripts, your D.C. the foreign Bachelor's degree and the foreign transcripts. And also upload your language test results with your educational documents. Language test results are not specifically asked in the document upload section. But always, always upload them. Sorry, what do you say? The end. And the ECA 2 test report or whatever you have. Okay. And one more question. I see that Balari has mentioned in the email. Was the address on the Canadian offer letter the job experience? I'm talking about the job experience. The offer letter and the reference letter are different because the address changed and she was concerned if that's going to be a problem. No, no, that's not a problem. Okay. Employers also change addresses sometimes that's not an issue. Okay. Yeah. So my main concern was the first question that I don't have the pay stub or I have, but it's the invoice. But you said it's fine, so. Yes, it should be fine. Yeah. So this almost cover my. All my questions. Almost. Which. Which one we should focus on more. So is there anything else I can help you with? Do you have any questions, Shaw? No, I think it's pretty much covered. All right. Okay. Thank you so much, Nicolette. You're welcome. I wish you the best with your application and have a happy holidays. You too. Thank you. Bye bye. Thanks, Nicolette. Bye bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Is also a good proof of the compensation. But if you want to add these pay stubs, which is written invoice, then you should definitely add the clarification from the employer why it was called invoice when it was not an invoice, it was a pay statement.

Speaker B: So you recommend to add that as well. Right.

Speaker A: If you want to add your pay stubs, then add the explanation from the employer as well.

Speaker B: Okay. And as there was no tax deduction in the invoice or the pay stub, that is fine.

Speaker A: Yes, that it, it's fine if it was below the minimum amount, that is, you know, you required to pay taxes after, then it's

Speaker B: okay. Great. That will answer my first question. So my second question was that as my benefit can I show the paid holidays because I don't have as such benefits in my companies.

Speaker A: So the paid holidays, does it mean paid time off or they pay for you to go somewhere else?

Speaker B: Paid time off, you can see, then

Speaker A: no, it's okay if you don't show benefits separately in your reference letter.

Speaker B: Okay. It doesn't matter that much. Right?

Speaker A: That doesn't.

Speaker B: Okay. And for my Canadian experience, I was paid the commission as well, so. So should I specify the commission or should I just mention that I was also getting the commission?

Speaker A: It's also up to you. If you only mention that you will receive salary in this and this amount and you are also receiving commissions, that is enough. But yeah, if you can add, if you want to add more information, that will definitely not be a problem.

Speaker B: Okay, got it. Thank you. And my third question is about the Canadian experience. So my Canadian employer is a three year old startup that I have mentioned already and it does not have that much social proof because it's a small company. So how can I prove that the company is legitimate?

Speaker A: Business registration incorporation documents are really good in this case and without doubt it will prove that the company is legit.

Speaker B: So I have to provide those documents with my application you suggest?

Speaker A: I think in this case, if so, is there a website for this company?

Speaker B: Yeah, there is a website.

Speaker A: So what do you mean by no,

Speaker B: you have LinkedIn and website, but that's it. Nothing else.

Speaker A: That don't employers have to have, you know, social media presence as well? That's not a requirement. But yeah, if you feel more comfortable, definitely add one. Let's say a business registration document. Again, that will not hurt. It might be enough without that. But if you can add that without, you know, any kind of hassle, then yeah, go for it.

Speaker B: Okay. Just to show that the company Is legit.

Speaker A: Yes. If you add more documents, that one is minimum requirement. That will never hurt your case. Unless it's, you know, reveal some discrepancy. But that's not the case here. So yeah, if you could, if you do that, do that.

Speaker B: But will you recommend that? Because some employer like may not provide that documents to the employee. So that was my concern.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's what I'm seeing. If you can do that. So if your employer providing that document without, you know, giving you a hard time, then yeah, you do. If, if it's not the case, if they don't want to give it to you, that's also understandable, then it's fine. It should still be fine.

Speaker B: Okay, got it. Okay, thank you. My next question is that I am updating the offer letter and the experience letter now. Like I will put the recent dates. Will that be a problem? Or I have to give the previous ones.

Speaker A: Basically for your current employment, it should be recent. I always ask my clients to provide a reference letter that is not more than 30 days old when we submit the application.

Speaker B: It is for both.

Speaker A: Both how?

Speaker B: Foreign experience and my Canadian experience.

Speaker A: So it's still okay with foreign experience, previous experiences. The letter should be dated after you left the company. Anytime after is good. It can still be recent. That's not an issue.

Speaker B: Okay. And about the offer letter, Canadian offer letter, I was updating that right now, but I can give the previous date.

Speaker A: What, what do you update on that? You got an offer letter when you join the job, right? The original.

Speaker B: But the job duties are like. There was mentioned job duties which matched like the knock. Like it's quite exactly matched with the knock. That's why I thought to just.

Speaker A: When it's a job offer, the duties in the offer doesn't really matter in this sense at least because when you get a job offer, the duties in the letter are meaning what you will do, what you're expected to do in the future. What matters for IRCC is the reference letter, what you have been doing. So that that should be fine. If it's the same, not good, that is okay. If in the job offer which you got before you joined, it's a copy paste. If it's not a copy paste now, but more personalized to your day to day job and still a match, then it's absolutely fine.

Speaker B: For some points it was kind of

Speaker A: like copy paste in the reference letter.

Speaker B: No, the job offer letter.

Speaker A: Yeah, the job offer letter. As I said, it's fine.

Speaker B: Okay. There's no problem because it means that

Speaker A: when you were hired, they were expected you to the same duties. So the clear basically no code duties. But if it's personal reference. No, it's not an issue. Don't worry about that.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay, great. Another question is that my office is in Toronto, but I live in Vancouver. I'm working for the job remotely. So how can I explain that? Like what should I say in the office address?

Speaker A: So in the office address, when you fill the work history section in your application, don't mention the actual office address, your personal history, you know, then change the address because in the personal history it doesn't ask what was the employer's address, it asks where this activity or something like that. So in that mention, Vancouver, is any of the employer documents like the job offer or the reference letter mentioned that you work remotely?

Speaker B: Yes, it mentioned that I will work remotely. In the reference letter at least it

Speaker A: will mention that is covered then.

Speaker B: Okay, so you are suggesting that office address should be the Toronto address, but my personal history address should be my address, right?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Okay. Another thing is that my Canadian employer does not have any official stamp. So will it be okay in my reference letter if there is no stamp? Almost.

Speaker A: Almost reference letters, there is no stamp. There's only a signature. And that is fine.

Speaker B: That is completely fine. Okay, great. And another thing is that I know for CEC we don't have to show any proof of funds. But still, my presenter profile, it was showing this as required. Like I have to provide to show the subfont. So how can I. Like what can I do that?

Speaker A: It shows that because in your application there is a number when it asks how much money will you bring to Canada? You put the money there before you get an invitation because you wanted to be eligible for FSW as well. But you're invited to CEC and the amount is still there. So you can do basically three things. One, change that number to zero, the placeholder will disappear and you're still eligible because you're not required to show proof of funds or keep the number and upload to that placeholder a short explanation letter saying that you have been invited under the CEC Canadian experience class. Therefore you are exempt to showing proof of funds.

Speaker B: That also works.

Speaker A: Or you can just upload your bank statements.

Speaker B: Just. Just my recent bank statement.

Speaker A: Yes, that is also fine.

Speaker B: Okay, got it. So yeah, these were my questions basically. And do you have any other suggestion for my application with your Canadian experience?

Speaker A: Please upload your T4 and notice of Assessment as well. In your education document. What kind of education do you have?

Speaker B: I have a degree and I have done diploma, post degree diploma over here.

Speaker A: Huh. So upload your Canadian certificate, Canadian transcripts, your D.C. the foreign Bachelor's degree and the foreign transcripts. And also upload your language test results with your educational documents. Language test results are not specifically asked in the document upload section. But always, always upload them.

Speaker B: Sorry, what do you say? The end.

Speaker A: And the ECA 2 test report or whatever you have.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: And one more question. I see that Balari has mentioned in the email. Was the address on the Canadian offer letter the job experience? I'm talking about the job experience. The offer letter and the reference letter are different because the address changed and she was concerned if that's going to be a problem.

Speaker A: No, no, that's not a problem. Okay. Employers also change addresses sometimes that's not an issue.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. So my main concern was the first question that I don't have the pay stub or I have, but it's the invoice. But you said it's fine, so.

Speaker A: Yes, it should be fine.

Speaker B: Yeah. So this almost cover my. All my questions.

Speaker A: Almost. Which. Which one we should focus on more. So is there anything else I can help you with?

Speaker B: Do you have any questions, Shaw?

Speaker C: No, I think it's pretty much covered.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: Okay. Thank you so much, Nicolette. You're welcome.

Speaker A: I wish you the best with your application and have a happy holidays.

Speaker B: You too. Thank you.

Speaker A: Bye bye.

Speaker C: Thanks, Nicolette. Bye bye.

