Transcript for: Recording__570.mp4
Title: Recording #570
============================================================

Competitors, we research the type of ads that we think we can run or if we can't run, like, here's like the things that we're going to do. So like, that to me would be like a strategy for launching a brand new product that we don't have yet in us. But how would we compete? Like that, to me is a strategic thing versus the tactical of have we created the listing, are the images there and then, you know, moving on. So that's the piece that I would love to get to a good place with you to say, okay, so Berberine is launching in two weeks. Did you figure out who your key competitors are? What are they doing well that you want to test out? Okay, got it. Right. Okay, well, you know what, that will not be very difficult for me because you know what? I am right now working on that. It's already done the competitive research and all. So it's just that I need to put everything together and then that will also help me structure my things. Like, exactly. Yeah, yeah. And honestly, it doesn't have to be anything fancy. I don't need a huge deck with 30 slides that you're gonna spend, you know, days and days building. I don't need that. It could be like a one pager or it could be a few bullet points, or it could be like as easy and as simple as it as you can make it so that you don't. I don't want you wasting your time on doing like busy work. Right. But I do want that structure to be like, okay, these are the key things and these are the things that I really like that the competitors are doing so that we could do it. And I also think that on the wellness side, it's a bit easier than the no sugar side because you don't have to worry so much about the returns and the expired products. And like, it's. We're selling pills, right? So yes, it's more restrictive in terms of what we can and can't say. But I do think that because you have a lot fewer products to deal with, you really have the opportunity to dig into the competitive pricing to see, like, how are they speaking about the product. Especially like something that, like SlimQuick that sells like, I don't know, $60,000 a month, we should be doing, we should be talking about like strategy on, on that alone. Like, you know, how do we go from 60 to 100? What are those other brands doing that are really killing it in that space that we're not doing? So, like, that's the kind of stuff I want us to focus on and start with, like, the top priorities, like the launch of Berberine strategy for slim quick powder. What else should we be doing? Are you keeping an eye on, like, reviews? Like, for me, like, when I was reading our reviews, and I don't have the time to do that anymore, but when I did, people were saying, I love Slimquack. It actually works. But I am getting so sick of the same flavor, like, three times a day. So that's why I was like, oh, noted. It's very easy for us to make a different flavor. So, you know, even just understanding what the consumers are liking and what they're not liking can, you know, inspire us to come into a different category or saying, you know, for Keto slim pills, we're actually doing much better on the one pack versus two packs, and we also pay less in shipping. So, like, those are all, like, strategic things that will help us be more profitable and move more product. Yeah. Okay. And Zilka, so for no sugar company, is it something at least from the product page optimization side? I mean, I still have that. So how about I also work on the. I mean, the strategic part of it so that, you know, we both have a plan. It looks like we are doing something and we're going somewhere. And I mean, something good will come out of that for sure. And honestly, like I said at the. At the beginning of the call, if you feel like you could benefit from getting, you know, their team to do, you know, 10 of our listings and optimize them and see how they're fighting those secondary sellers and blah, blah, blah, we could turn that service on for a few months, see how they do it so that you could learn. Because I know that you have invested a lot in. Of your time into getting us to this point, and I would never want to be like, okay, bye now. Like, I have an agency. Like, that's why, you know, I want to make sure that I also see that as an investment into, like, showing you, you know, how to grow. If you want to have agency, like, it has to be done a certain way. Like, with clients, you have to have those reports. You have to have actual plans. You have, you know, and so that's something I'm lacking. I know that. Yeah, yeah. So you, you are a very hard worker. But just a little bit of structure can also help you, but can also help gain the confidence because of it of a client. Because if I. I've developed that relationship with you because I was starting to, and I didn't know, but Now I'm a lot less patient, whether it's seller interactive or whoever else to be like you. You literally booked a meeting with me and you have nothing on the agenda. Like, where's the agenda? You know, like it would be, it would be very different tone if, if we were starting now versus when we did start and we kind of grew together and I, I know that you are working super hard on our account. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right, I understand that. Okay. That's awesome. By the way, option is there. You think about it. You tell me like if you want them to show you and to, to do that for a few months, perfect. Like I'm happy to, to get them engaged. If not, if you want to do it on your own and then you kind of work through it with me, totally okay to that with that too. Yeah. Well, the thing is, Zilke, I'm struggling to see what they are doing. That's why I'm. Yeah, that's one competitive aspect too. Yeah, I want it. I want it. But then I'm also struggling to see what they're actually doing to make it better. So for example, last day after you left, they were describing all the things that they planned, Right. And then they have planned to launch ads for, for example, for energy drink and then for pretzel and they have also planned to launch new campaigns for bars and cups turtles. Now what's going to happen, I'm going to tell you here is energy drink and pretzel. Both are low margin. I'm not sure what's happening with my display right now. I can hear you. Okay. Yeah, now it's good. So, yeah, we're going to lose money on those and we are already losing money on pretzels by the. Since the ads are running, we're losing about 4.5% on one variation and another one it's 10.5%. So the same is going to happen with that, with them. Right, right. The email. I mean, you're part of my team. Right. Like you. Even though they're running the ads, the, the PPC ads, you're still like out of my account. So if you see that something won't work, just tell them. Yeah, well, I told them in the, towards the end of the meeting last time that all these new campaigns that you are planning to launch for the keto bars and cups, they are multiple. And we are, we're going to switch to a BM Summer ship is going to start soon, especially in the US it's going to start from 15th and we can probably delay it a little bit in Canada, but we're still going to have to do that. And we'll probably be increasing our prices too to account for the increased FBM expenses. And we definitely cannot afford to spend more on ads. So if you're planning to launch these new campaigns, how do you think that will add up? So I mean, I asked those questions and they also understood, they didn't know our plan and said maybe in that case we just have to focus on bid optimization. But we can still do some initial testing. So, you know, we don't need to reinvent the wheel. We know what, we have operated this account for a few years now. We know what works and then we can probably improve on that. So yeah, that's why I'm struggling to see what is being done that I wouldn't be able to do. But it's okay. Let's see. I like the way the plan. This is something to learn from. So yeah, if you want to see how they are going to do in the next few months, that's totally fine. But I'm also going to go ahead from my end with the new hire I told you about. I've already decided. I was just waiting for this meeting to see if everything else is going to be fine. If I'm not losing. I mean, for example, Boller is ours. Also I wanted to discuss about that. If it was from your end, like, no, that's not going to be acceptable, then I would be in real trouble. So at least that part is there. I'll still. It will be a bit strained. I mean financially it will be straining from my end to hire without the no Sugar company ad account, but I'm still going to go ahead with that. That will allow me to think about better things. So. Yeah, yeah. And honestly, like if, if you're able to show me that you could do like those things that I'm asking about, like in terms of strategy and plans and, and reporting, then I will feel more comfortable letting them go and then giving you the account back. Right. But like I need to see that, which is why I'm saying like if you. I don't need to see your performance or expansion into like Walmart or Costco. I need to see your performance here, which is where we're starting. Right. Like I want to see you move on to the next level basically. Okay, I'll do that. Well, no, you do support me with, in many, in many things. And you're really patient. I know that you're really patient with me. Yeah, yeah. Thank you for. No, I appreciate the. The hard work that you've put in. Right. So, like, I. I don't. I will never, like, forget the fact that you've stepped in and you helped me, like, set up these accounts and get them in good standing and our responses. So, like, you have the right attitude, and that's all I could ask for. So I just. I want to help you grow. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Well, that's kind of. I mean, the things. The important things that I wanted to talk to you, and it's been a while that I haven't get paid, so. Yeah. If everything is clear, would you be able to accept the invoice? I mean, approve the invoice. Did I approve all the invoices or did I not? No. We are waiting for these hours. Boulder is ours, so. Okay. So resend me the invoices, please. I just want to make sure I'm working with the latest ones, and I'll approve them today. I'll put that on my list. Okay. And then. So you mentioned Summership for us. Kristen's been out for a while, but have we started planning for FBM and all that stuff that we'll need for summer? So do you mean how many units we need to send to. Not Green Rabbits? When are you stopping? Green Rabbit is staying. Oh, okay. So what's happening? Green Rabbit is staying. The warehouse that I got rid of is the warehouse that was doing our Costco orders and our HSN orders. So I found a different company called Go Direct, and they have Canadian and US operations. And so that we're going to start with Costco.com and HSN orders with green Rabbit. I've agreed to keep demand for another 12 months. I put them on notice, but we're likely at the end of those 12 months, if not sooner, gonna get rid of them too, because their fees are significantly higher. But they did reduce it by nearly half. Really? Yeah. So, again, like, that's part of my learning too, right? Because, like, I've never done DTC before, but once I took a look at all of. We have 11 warehouses. Once I started taking a look at all of our contracts, charges ever since she. Since Sean left, I was like, what? What are we paying? So I'm renegotiating everything across the board. And, yeah, they agreed to reduce their storage fees. They used to charge us $40 a pallet. Now they're going to be charging us 20. Wow. So it's a. It's. It's big savings. Right. So no wonder every time I looked at my P. L. I was like, why red? It's because their contracts with these shipping and warehousing fulfillment companies was so out of whack. So I'm getting that tighter. That's something that I'm working on. So I'm going to start with Costco and HSN orders, and then I'll move Green Rabbit over to go direct so that we'll have be dealing with one vendor versus two. But that will likely happen after our summer ship. So I want Green Rabbit to handle summer ship because I know that, you know, they've done it already and they can handle our volumes and they're familiar. The last thing I need to do that is, like, move warehouses now right before summer. That would be a nightmare. So Green Rabbit is staying at least until the end of September. But I'll just need you to figure out, like, what inventory do we need, a green rabbit. And on that note, Sabrina is leaving next Wednesday, I think, for five days. So anything that we need in terms of movement of product between the warehouses will have to be probably done before then. So, Zelka, I know before it was Sean who was calculating how much needs to be shipped. Who will be doing that part now? So Sabrina. Well, Sabrina has our forecast, but Sabrina has never done summer ship, so she doesn't know probably, I'm assuming that we have to move that product to the warehouse. So you have to tell her, like, summer ship starts on this day. Yes. Which we have to have product into the warehouses. I don't know. Like, last time, Amazon kind of let us continue selling through everything. That was an fba. Yes. I don't know that's going to happen again. But, like. Yeah, yeah. So we need to kind of prep with. Prep. Prep. And if you need to have a call with Sabrina, Valerie and Kristen, who handles our fba, still have a call with all of them. You don't need me on, but if. If you want me on, let me know. My. Like I said, my schedule is really tight lately, but I'm happy to join if you need me, but we need to start planning for that because it's. It is a month from now. Yeah, it's immediately. It has to be done immediately. In Canada. No. But in the US Right now. Yeah, in Canada, I think most of our items were not on the multiple list, so. Know if that's changed? No, it hasn't. Surprisingly, even in the US Most of our items are not in the multiple list. But they will melt. Okay, well, so we have to change. They will melt, and that's the thing like I don't even know with these new rates if we're going to be like closer and more profitable with Green Rabbit now than we used to be. If it's going to be comparable to like what we're paying with fba, I don't know. But it's, it's, it's going to be interesting to just kind of take a look at what we used to pay last summer and what we're going to be paying this summer. But for whatever non meltable items, we could kind of push it and see how many returns we get, how many complaints we get. And then if we do get a return, we could send it maybe through FBA or fbm. Yeah. And send it with ice packs. So maybe we try it that way to see. Because even in Canada last year we only cold shipped two months. Yeah, we're good in Canada. Yeah, it's cold now. It's cold now. Yeah. And it's similar weather in the states too, like in the eastern states. Right. So I think that we could try to push it and keep a close eye on our return rate. And then, you know, once we start seeing a big return request, then we could say, okay, you know what, we're going to switch over to fm. I don't know, but I'm just kind of thinking out loud. But it could be a way for us to start saving some money. Yes. So what I am doing here is I started planning for that and then for the US the last shipment was for 30 days. That's how I planned it. But I definitely know that after that it's going to be hot and the items are going to melt. So I think that it's time that we start shipping those items to Green Rabbits and not ship anything else to Amazon in the US In Canada we'll continue to do so. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, it's definitely going to be hot in me. Right? Yeah. I mean we still have items like I think hydration and like just Joy Burst in general that are not going to melt. So that kind of stuff we could still continue in FBA because I do think it'll be cheaper. And just so you know, like May 2nd is our like national Joy Day and that's when we'll announce the partnership with Disney. So there will be a significant, hopefully spike, May, June, July of hydration specifically. I put that in the forecast, but that was my best guess. I don't know. But we have to keep an eye on it and adjust that forecast. As soon as we start getting some sales data okay. Because I want to make sure we don't run out. Okay. Yeah. This is. This is an important thing. Green Rabbits. Had they decreased the in a box fee or peak and pack fee, all those things too. Okay. Yeah. Good. Yeah, they have. Not by as much as 50%, but they have decreased it quite a bit. Okay. Okay. That's awesome. Yeah. Right. And about Barberine, by the way, I feel that we may have some hiccups because, again, it's a weight loss product and we may have to do those testings and we may have to submit an appeal. That may take a while. Is the production done already, by the way? So in that case, yeah, I'm kind of certain that Amazon will ask for those documents. So maybe in that case I'll without. I mean, we shouldn't probably wait for it to get to the warehouse. Probably. We can ask Doris right now to go for those tests so that you have the documents ready. What do you think? I mean, how certain are you that they're gonna ask? It's a weight loss product, and they ask for these documents for any weight loss product, and it will be a miracle if they don't. Kind of like that. Okay. So if you want to wait, we can wait and see how that is. I. I don't know. I mean, I know that it could slow us down, obviously, and it'll cost extra. Right. So that's the only reason why I'm asking. Like, what are the odds of them asking if. If it's like 99%, then yes, they should. 100. According to the policy, they should ask for it. Certain about that? Yes. Okay. All right. So ask Doris about it. Like, send her an email today. Yeah. And one more thing about the Slim Quick products. I know that we are manufacturing a new batch with a new label for Amazon, so I need to stay up to date about the new batch when that's coming up. Coming up. Because when that happens, I think I can also make some changes to the product page because right now I don't want to touch it because of the packaging label. If something happens, then we will have no way of advertising them. That's why I don't change anything. So. But if the packaging label is changing, then I can look at the SEO and changing the product page even further, improving it even further. So, yeah, I just need to stay up to date regarding that. I guess Sabrina would be the person. No, I think it's steve. But let me ask. Okay, I'll ask. Okay. I forget who's making those on our end to be honest, but. Okay. All right. Anything else? No, I think that's pretty much it. Okay, awesome.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Competitors, we research the type of ads that we think we can run or if we can't run, like, here's like the things that we're going to do. So like, that to me would be like a strategy for launching a brand new product that we don't have yet in us. But how would we compete? Like that, to me is a strategic thing versus the tactical of have we created the listing, are the images there and then, you know, moving on. So that's the piece that I would love to get to a good place with you to say, okay, so Berberine is launching in two weeks. Did you figure out who your key competitors are? What are they doing well that you want to test out?

Speaker B: Okay, got it.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Okay, well, you know what, that will not be very difficult for me because you know what? I am right now working on that. It's already done the competitive research and all. So it's just that I need to put everything together and then that will also help me structure my things.

Speaker A: Like, exactly. Yeah, yeah. And honestly, it doesn't have to be anything fancy. I don't need a huge deck with 30 slides that you're gonna spend, you know, days and days building. I don't need that. It could be like a one pager or it could be a few bullet points, or it could be like as easy and as simple as it as you can make it so that you don't. I don't want you wasting your time on doing like busy work. Right. But I do want that structure to be like, okay, these are the key things and these are the things that I really like that the competitors are doing so that we could do it. And I also think that on the wellness side, it's a bit easier than the no sugar side because you don't have to worry so much about the returns and the expired products. And like, it's. We're selling pills, right? So yes, it's more restrictive in terms of what we can and can't say. But I do think that because you have a lot fewer products to deal with, you really have the opportunity to dig into the competitive pricing to see, like, how are they speaking about the product. Especially like something that, like SlimQuick that sells like, I don't know, $60,000 a month, we should be doing, we should be talking about like strategy on, on that alone. Like, you know, how do we go from 60 to 100? What are those other brands doing that are really killing it in that space that we're not doing? So, like, that's the kind of stuff I want us to focus on and start with, like, the top priorities, like the launch of Berberine strategy for slim quick powder. What else should we be doing? Are you keeping an eye on, like, reviews? Like, for me, like, when I was reading our reviews, and I don't have the time to do that anymore, but when I did, people were saying, I love Slimquack. It actually works. But I am getting so sick of the same flavor, like, three times a day. So that's why I was like, oh, noted. It's very easy for us to make a different flavor. So, you know, even just understanding what the consumers are liking and what they're not liking can, you know, inspire us to come into a different category or saying, you know, for Keto slim pills, we're actually doing much better on the one pack versus two packs, and we also pay less in shipping. So, like, those are all, like, strategic things that will help us be more profitable and move more product.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. And Zilka, so for no sugar company, is it something at least from the product page optimization side? I mean, I still have that. So how about I also work on the. I mean, the strategic part of it so that, you know, we both have a plan. It looks like we are doing something and we're going somewhere. And I mean, something good will come

Speaker A: out of that for sure. And honestly, like I said at the. At the beginning of the call, if you feel like you could benefit from getting, you know, their team to do, you know, 10 of our listings and optimize them and see how they're fighting those secondary sellers and blah, blah, blah, we could turn that service on for a few months, see how they do it so that you could learn. Because I know that you have invested a lot in. Of your time into getting us to this point, and I would never want to be like, okay, bye now. Like, I have an agency. Like, that's why, you know, I want to make sure that I also see that as an investment into, like, showing you, you know, how to grow. If you want to have agency, like, it has to be done a certain way. Like, with clients, you have to have those reports. You have to have actual plans. You have, you know, and so that's something I'm lacking.

Speaker B: I know that.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So you, you are a very hard worker. But just a little bit of structure can also help you, but can also help gain the confidence because of it of a client. Because if I. I've developed that relationship with you because I was starting to, and I didn't know, but Now I'm a lot less patient, whether it's seller interactive or whoever else to be like you. You literally booked a meeting with me and you have nothing on the agenda. Like, where's the agenda? You know, like it would be, it would be very different tone if, if we were starting now versus when we did start and we kind of grew together and I, I know that you are working super hard on our account.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right, I understand that. Okay. That's awesome.

Speaker A: By the way, option is there. You think about it. You tell me like if you want them to show you and to, to do that for a few months, perfect. Like I'm happy to, to get them engaged. If not, if you want to do it on your own and then you kind of work through it with me, totally okay to that with that too.

Speaker B: Yeah. Well, the thing is, Zilke, I'm struggling to see what they are doing. That's why I'm. Yeah, that's one competitive aspect too. Yeah, I want it. I want it. But then I'm also struggling to see what they're actually doing to make it better. So for example, last day after you left, they were describing all the things that they planned, Right. And then they have planned to launch ads for, for example, for energy drink and then for pretzel and they have also planned to launch new campaigns for bars and cups turtles. Now what's going to happen, I'm going to tell you here is energy drink and pretzel. Both are low margin. I'm not sure what's happening with my display right now.

Speaker A: I can hear you.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, now it's good. So, yeah, we're going to lose money on those and we are already losing money on pretzels by the. Since the ads are running, we're losing about 4.5% on one variation and another one it's 10.5%. So the same is going to happen

Speaker A: with that, with them. Right, right. The email. I mean, you're part of my team. Right. Like you. Even though they're running the ads, the, the PPC ads, you're still like out of my account. So if you see that something won't work, just tell them.

Speaker B: Yeah, well, I told them in the, towards the end of the meeting last time that all these new campaigns that you are planning to launch for the keto bars and cups, they are multiple. And we are, we're going to switch to a BM Summer ship is going to start soon, especially in the US it's going to start from 15th and we can probably delay it a little bit in Canada, but we're still going to have to do that. And we'll probably be increasing our prices too to account for the increased FBM expenses. And we definitely cannot afford to spend more on ads. So if you're planning to launch these new campaigns, how do you think that will add up? So I mean, I asked those questions and they also understood, they didn't know our plan and said maybe in that case we just have to focus on bid optimization. But we can still do some initial testing. So, you know, we don't need to reinvent the wheel. We know what, we have operated this account for a few years now. We know what works and then we can probably improve on that. So yeah, that's why I'm struggling to see what is being done that I wouldn't be able to do. But it's okay. Let's see. I like the way the plan. This is something to learn from. So yeah, if you want to see how they are going to do in the next few months, that's totally fine. But I'm also going to go ahead from my end with the new hire I told you about. I've already decided. I was just waiting for this meeting to see if everything else is going to be fine. If I'm not losing. I mean, for example, Boller is ours. Also I wanted to discuss about that. If it was from your end, like, no, that's not going to be acceptable, then I would be in real trouble. So at least that part is there. I'll still. It will be a bit strained. I mean financially it will be straining from my end to hire without the no Sugar company ad account, but I'm still going to go ahead with that. That will allow me to think about better things. So.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. And honestly, like if, if you're able to show me that you could do like those things that I'm asking about, like in terms of strategy and plans and, and reporting, then I will feel more comfortable letting them go and then giving you the account back. Right. But like I need to see that, which is why I'm saying like if you. I don't need to see your performance or expansion into like Walmart or Costco. I need to see your performance here, which is where we're starting. Right. Like I want to see you move on to the next level basically.

Speaker B: Okay, I'll do that. Well, no, you do support me with, in many, in many things. And you're really patient. I know that you're really patient with me. Yeah, yeah. Thank you for.

Speaker A: No, I appreciate the. The hard work that you've put in. Right. So, like, I. I don't. I will never, like, forget the fact that you've stepped in and you helped me, like, set up these accounts and get them in good standing and our responses. So, like, you have the right attitude, and that's all I could ask for. So I just. I want to help you grow.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Well, that's kind of. I mean, the things. The important things that I wanted to talk to you, and it's been a while that I haven't get paid, so. Yeah. If everything is clear, would you be able to accept the invoice? I mean, approve the invoice.

Speaker A: Did I approve all the invoices or did I not?

Speaker B: No. We are waiting for these hours. Boulder is ours, so.

Speaker A: Okay. So resend me the invoices, please. I just want to make sure I'm working with the latest ones, and I'll approve them today. I'll put that on my list.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And then. So you mentioned Summership for us. Kristen's been out for a while, but have we started planning for FBM and all that stuff that we'll need for summer?

Speaker B: So do you mean how many units we need to send to. Not Green Rabbits? When are you stopping?

Speaker A: Green Rabbit is staying.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. So what's happening?

Speaker A: Green Rabbit is staying. The warehouse that I got rid of is the warehouse that was doing our Costco orders and our HSN orders. So I found a different company called Go Direct, and they have Canadian and US operations. And so that we're going to start with Costco.com and HSN orders with green Rabbit. I've agreed to keep demand for another 12 months. I put them on notice, but we're likely at the end of those 12 months, if not sooner, gonna get rid of them too, because their fees are significantly higher. But they did reduce it by nearly half.

Speaker B: Really?

Speaker A: Yeah. So, again, like, that's part of my learning too, right? Because, like, I've never done DTC before, but once I took a look at all of. We have 11 warehouses. Once I started taking a look at all of our contracts, charges ever since she. Since Sean left, I was like, what? What are we paying? So I'm renegotiating everything across the board. And, yeah, they agreed to reduce their storage fees. They used to charge us $40 a pallet. Now they're going to be charging us 20.

Speaker B: Wow.

Speaker A: So it's a. It's. It's big savings. Right. So no wonder every time I looked at my P. L. I was like, why red? It's because their contracts with these shipping and warehousing fulfillment companies was so out of whack. So I'm getting that tighter. That's something that I'm working on. So I'm going to start with Costco and HSN orders, and then I'll move Green Rabbit over to go direct so that we'll have be dealing with one vendor versus two. But that will likely happen after our summer ship. So I want Green Rabbit to handle summer ship because I know that, you know, they've done it already and they can handle our volumes and they're familiar. The last thing I need to do that is, like, move warehouses now right before summer. That would be a nightmare. So Green Rabbit is staying at least until the end of September. But I'll just need you to figure out, like, what inventory do we need, a green rabbit. And on that note, Sabrina is leaving next Wednesday, I think, for five days. So anything that we need in terms of movement of product between the warehouses will have to be probably done before then.

Speaker B: So, Zelka, I know before it was Sean who was calculating how much needs to be shipped. Who will be doing that part now?

Speaker A: So Sabrina. Well, Sabrina has our forecast, but Sabrina has never done summer ship, so she doesn't know probably, I'm assuming that we have to move that product to the warehouse. So you have to tell her, like, summer ship starts on this day.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Which we have to have product into the warehouses. I don't know. Like, last time, Amazon kind of let us continue selling through everything. That was an fba.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: I don't know that's going to happen again. But, like. Yeah, yeah. So we need to kind of prep with. Prep. Prep. And if you need to have a call with Sabrina, Valerie and Kristen, who handles our fba, still have a call with all of them. You don't need me on, but if. If you want me on, let me know. My. Like I said, my schedule is really tight lately, but I'm happy to join if you need me, but we need to start planning for that because it's. It is a month from now.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's immediately. It has to be done immediately. In Canada. No. But in the US Right now.

Speaker A: Yeah, in Canada, I think most of our items were not on the multiple list, so. Know if that's changed?

Speaker B: No, it hasn't. Surprisingly, even in the US Most of our items are not in the multiple list. But they will melt. Okay, well, so we have to change.

Speaker A: They will melt, and that's the thing like I don't even know with these new rates if we're going to be like closer and more profitable with Green Rabbit now than we used to be. If it's going to be comparable to like what we're paying with fba, I don't know. But it's, it's, it's going to be interesting to just kind of take a look at what we used to pay last summer and what we're going to be paying this summer. But for whatever non meltable items, we could kind of push it and see how many returns we get, how many complaints we get. And then if we do get a return, we could send it maybe through FBA or fbm.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And send it with ice packs. So maybe we try it that way to see. Because even in Canada last year we only cold shipped two months.

Speaker B: Yeah, we're good in Canada. Yeah, it's cold now.

Speaker A: It's cold now. Yeah. And it's similar weather in the states too, like in the eastern states. Right. So I think that we could try to push it and keep a close eye on our return rate. And then, you know, once we start seeing a big return request, then we could say, okay, you know what, we're going to switch over to fm. I don't know, but I'm just kind of thinking out loud. But it could be a way for us to start saving some money.

Speaker B: Yes. So what I am doing here is I started planning for that and then for the US the last shipment was for 30 days. That's how I planned it. But I definitely know that after that it's going to be hot and the items are going to melt. So I think that it's time that we start shipping those items to Green Rabbits and not ship anything else to Amazon in the US In Canada we'll continue to do so.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah, it's definitely going to be hot in me. Right?

Speaker A: Yeah. I mean we still have items like I think hydration and like just Joy Burst in general that are not going to melt. So that kind of stuff we could still continue in FBA because I do think it'll be cheaper. And just so you know, like May 2nd is our like national Joy Day and that's when we'll announce the partnership with Disney. So there will be a significant, hopefully spike, May, June, July of hydration specifically. I put that in the forecast, but that was my best guess. I don't know. But we have to keep an eye on it and adjust that forecast. As soon as we start getting some sales data okay. Because I want to make sure we don't run out.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. This is. This is an important thing. Green Rabbits. Had they decreased the in a box fee or peak and pack fee, all those things too. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Good.

Speaker A: Yeah, they have. Not by as much as 50%, but they have decreased it quite a bit.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. That's awesome.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Right. And about Barberine, by the way, I feel that we may have some hiccups because, again, it's a weight loss product and we may have to do those testings and we may have to submit an appeal. That may take a while. Is the production done already, by the way?

Speaker A: So in that case,

Speaker B: yeah, I'm kind of certain that Amazon will ask for those documents. So maybe in that case I'll without. I mean, we shouldn't probably wait for it to get to the warehouse. Probably. We can ask Doris right now to go for those tests so that you have the documents ready. What do you think?

Speaker A: I mean, how certain are you that they're gonna ask?

Speaker B: It's a weight loss product, and they ask for these documents for any weight loss product, and it will be a miracle if they don't. Kind of like that.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So if you want to wait, we can wait and see how that is.

Speaker A: I. I don't know. I mean, I know that it could slow us down, obviously, and it'll cost extra. Right. So that's the only reason why I'm asking. Like, what are the odds of them asking if. If it's like 99%, then yes, they should.

Speaker B: 100. According to the policy, they should ask for it. Certain about that? Yes.

Speaker A: Okay. All right. So ask Doris about it. Like, send her an email today.

Speaker B: Yeah. And one more thing about the Slim Quick products. I know that we are manufacturing a new batch with a new label for Amazon, so I need to stay up to date about the new batch when that's coming up. Coming up. Because when that happens, I think I can also make some changes to the product page because right now I don't want to touch it because of the packaging label. If something happens, then we will have no way of advertising them. That's why I don't change anything. So. But if the packaging label is changing, then I can look at the SEO and changing the product page even further, improving it even further. So, yeah, I just need to stay up to date regarding that. I guess Sabrina would be the person.

Speaker A: No, I think it's steve. But let me ask. Okay, I'll ask.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I forget who's making those on our end to be honest, but. Okay. All right. Anything else?

Speaker B: No, I think that's pretty much it.

Speaker A: Okay, awesome.

