Transcript for: Recording__523.mp4
Title: Recording #523
============================================================

There's stress found in a noun towards the beginning. Yeah. On the first syllable. Right. But if you see in a word that has a suffix on it, the suffix changes where the stress goes. So, for example, if you look at some of these here, information, accommodation, invasion. Those are all nouns, but the stress is not on the first syllable. And why not? Because of the suffix. Yes. Right. And the suffix is. Okay, I'm sorry, but here, the suffix, most likely, that's going to have a schwa in it too, isn't it? The tion for sure. And sometimes. Yes. The S, I, O, N, not the ik, not the ick. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Would you say. Would you say is because of the schwa, that the syllable right before that is more. Sounds like it's more stressed? Well, it is more stressed. Are you saying maybe we put the stress next to the schwa on purpose? I mean, no, I mean, I don't mean that we're doing it on purpose, but I mean, because something's unstressed right after that, it seems like it's more stressed. Is it. Is it like that? It's not really. I. I wouldn't really say it's a comparison thing. If you were to a. If you were to take every syllable, for example, accommodation, you just take out that day, you're not comparing it to the shin at all, it would still have the same amount of stress. Okay. So, yeah, it's not really comparison. I'm not sure if I don't think schwa is the thing moving it either, because we also see this pattern, like I said in ick, ick doesn't have any stress like biographic. So it's. It's not really interfering with the stress and schwa relationship there because there is no schwa to be had. Got it? Okay. All right. So noun, usually stress on the first syllable. Now, with English, there's almost always exceptions. And as we looked at, there are some exceptions. And what were those? Yeah, I see that there are some. Where we stress the second one. Yeah. For example, police. And then I. I believe that there was this word. I mean, I will still say it wrong. I'll say gita. But you pronounced it as there's. With the shoah. Yeah. How could you pronounce it with a schwa. That's difficult. So remember, how do you. If you're having a hard time putting a schwa there, how can you kind of break down the word. Yeah, exactly. And then tar. And then just put it together. Guitar. How would you say that? Guitar? Yeah. Guitar. Yeah. And you can hear the second parts a little stressed. Guitar. Guitar. Yeah. If you ever listen to a song that says guitar in it, they're probably going to drag out guitar. As long as it goes. Yeah, yeah. So that's the stress there. What about verbs? It's the second syllable. Yes. Except. Except some verbs stress the first syllable and for example, enter, realize. I see those things. Yeah, yeah. So this is important to know because there are words we talked about that might be a noun, sometimes a verb sometimes, and they switch back and forth. So being able to listen for where the stress is, where the schwa is, that sometimes can change the whole meaning of the word. Yeah, we'll look at that for sure. And then. Do you remember we were talking about how schwa or schwa r might relate to stress some situations? Yeah. No, I don't. I mean, all I can remember is it's just we need to be mindful about the presence of Shoah, and Shoah are in order to be able to stress something that should be stressed. That's what I can remember. Yeah. So. Yeah, yeah, exactly. So if we know where something is stressed, we can know where something isn't stressed. For example, if we look at the verbs, the first line here, advance, not no schwa there, but forget. What's in fergate. Is there. Okay. There's a schwa r there. Forget a schwa or schwa r. Yeah, forget. So there's no stress there. So the schwa r happens to pop up in that case. So schwa r can't be stressed. But in many cases it happens where there is lack of stress. What about the next word? Regret? How is it? Regret. Regret. Regret. Yeah, I see. Yeah. And if you remember, we talked about regret is the verb. Regret is the. Is the noun. Noun. Yeah, you mentioned that. Yeah. So we can. We. We can start to see the pattern of where is schwa? Where is stress? And kind of compare the two. Yeah. Any questions on that before you move on to the next section? No, it's fine. Perfect. What is the next section? The adjectives. And. And some exceptions of four adjectives. But adjectives and. What's the full line there? Oh. Oh, sorry. Adjectives and adverbs. Yes. Stress. The first syllable. Yes. So can you go ahead and read maybe just the first four lines? Sure. Standard. Welcome. Cautiously. Awesomely. Cautious. Careful. Awfully carefully. Awful. Happy. Happily. Actually awesome. Fancy. Presently. Prominently. Yeah. And could you hear schwa as you were reading any of those words? Honestly, No, I didn't really detect that. But I think cautious is cautious. I Think so. Cautiously. Cautious. Cautiously, yes. Cautious, no. Okay. Cautious, yeah. Cautiously versus cautious. Okay, so what are some of the words that have maybe three syllables here? Standard? No, cautiously is one. Awesomely is definitely another one. Awfully carefully. Where's the schwa on those words? So I think it's in the a few. It's like awfully there will be a schwa in it. Which if you. That you. So, so which syllable? First, second or third syllable? The second syllable. Yeah, so like the middle syllable. So we find this very often that if there's a schwa in a three syllable word, it's most likely going to be in the middle. And in this particular case, ly is what? So the li. What is that? It's a suffix. Okay, so. So what can that tell us about the stress? Uh huh. So that should be in that case. It should be in the first syllable, right? Yeah, so it's in the first syllable. But we could see that in this type of suffix the rule doesn't apply where it's right before. So in three syllable words, usually schwa is in the middle. And if you think of any three syllable word, the chances are schwa is going to be in the middle. Not every time, but many times like family photograph visitor chua is usually in the middle. So we usually have stress wherever in the word based on is it a noun, adjective, adverb, all that fun stuff and then schwa will usually be in the middle. Yeah, beautiful things like that. Yes. Let's go down to the next part. Exceptions. Yeah, some adjectives and adverbs trace the second syllable or others. Yeah, so this one's a little less concise. This one's literally saying. Yeah, most of the time they do this, but they can also do whatever they want. Could you read these ones as practice, the exceptions? Yeah. What is it? First or unkempt? I have never heard of this. Unkempt means maybe like not put together, maybe a little dirty. Okay. A little disorganized. Got it. Intense. Entirely anonymous. Intensely. Absolutely, yes. There we go. Any questions there for anonymous? There should be issue in mou as the last one, isn't it? Anonymous. Anonymous. Yeah. Where's the schwa? There. Okay, I see. So it's in the Y there and also. No, no, no, hold on. Yeah, it sounds like there's. There's a schwa there in the y and then a and also mous there for ou, isn't it? Yeah, so the first syllable as well. Okay, yeah. So if you listen. So the last one almost sounds like a schwa. Anonymous. It's not anonymous. It's anonymous. Okay. That's not. But there are two schwa there. Yeah. Right. And that one's often confused with schwab, because that's called a short eye. We'll look at your eye later. Okay. It's also very low stress. Any other questions on those ones? No. All right, perfect. Let's go ahead. And the next part is a little more exciting. Can you tell me what's going on on the next page? Let me read. Many words that have a stress. The first syllable act as nouns or adjectives, but the stress moves over to the right one syllable when used as a verb. Okay, so it's changing based on the meaning of the word. I mean, whether it's a noun or verb. Based on that, we'll pronounce it differently. Yes. So sometimes. Sometimes they sound very similar. At first. Even native speakers will think, oh, no, that's the same word. But then we happen to just pronounce them differently. So I'm going to read some of these, and you're going to tell me, like, if you can hear the stress and the schwa shifting around. So, for example, the first one, the stress is on which syllable? Re. Re. Yeah, the first one. So record as a verb, though, you would say record. I'm going to go record that record. One more time. I'm going to go record that record. Okay. So you can even notice in record, record, record, the O is a schwa R in that version because the stress is shifted away, but it's stressed in the verb version. So you actually pronounce the O. So it changes that. And it changes that there's a schwa at the beginning. So record, record. There's a schwa r now. But if I change it to a verb, it's not re anymore. It's ruh. Ruh. Chord. Got it. Okay. Yeah. So, yeah, again, this can be a little confusing even for native speakers. We're like, no, that's. That's the same word. But then we kind of listen very closely and we're like, wait a minute. Next one. Reject. And reject. So are you familiar with what a reject is? No, that's. I. Okay. That's also a noun. Yeah. No, please tell me. Yeah, so if you hear reject instead of reject. Reject is usually somebody who's maybe like, not. Not the best person. They're kind of. They've rejected society. They're a reject. They're. They're just kind of. It's usually used to describe someone who's like, no good. Okay. Kind of maybe a little criminal activity too. And then the last one, I'm going to read present. So with the E. And then this one is actually used as a noun or an adjective. So when would you use this? Present? Yeah, well, this is when I'm. This is a present. So, I mean, it's a gift. Yeah, Yeah. A present or present is like. Yeah, like you said. Or present. So this one doesn't quite have a schwa, but the stress is a little different. So present. Present and present. Present. Oh, wow. So that one's not really a. There's not a schwa there. But the stress shifts a little bit. Okay. Okay. Can you go ahead and read to me the other three? So on the other side. Yes. Import. I don't really know the difference. Import and what's different? So if you import something, you're bringing it from one country to another, but if you bring something from one country to another, it's an import. So import and import. So it's just a matter of stress. It's not a schwother. Import. That's the verb. I'm importing. I will import. I'm going to import this. Import. So it's just a matter of where the stress is. And it's hard to hear because there's not a change in schwa there. Yeah, but it's. It's. So it's more subtle than the other ones. The next one might be a little easier for you to hear, though. So what's the next one? Contract and contract. Yeah, so contract. If you have something, you sign. Contract and contract. Contract. Contract. Contract. Contract. Contract. Oh, wow. These are difficult. Contract. This one is with a schwa. Contract. What happens when something contracts? Huh? Okay, so there's a schwa and C O N the O there. Yeah. Contract. What does that mean? When something contracts? It's squeezes. Like, I don't know. Yeah, like kind of squeezes in. Yeah, exactly. So contract. Contract. I get it. Contract. Contract. Yeah. So remember kun? Yeah. So how could you break that down if you're having a little bit of difficulty saying it with the schwa? Okay. For the noun, contract. For verb, it will be contract. Yes. Yeah. One more. It's just the difference in con that will make the difference. Yeah. Con and con. And con. Okay. Present. One will be present. I don't. Okay, we already did that. Sorry. Yeah. The project one is project. Project. Another is project, project and project. So project, project, project. Again, a difference in schwa. Yes. So, yeah, that's. And then, of course, there are some. Where they're the same like whisper and whisper and canvas and canvas. Okay, so it's just the same. Remains the same for those. For those ones, Sometimes it's the same, but sometimes you have these very distinct differences. Any questions on those? I will also send you. I'm also going to send you a list of things that have more of these examples, because I think when it comes to schwa and stress, these are some of the most important factors here. Kind also maybe the easiest to listen for at first. So I'm going to send you that page and I want you to let me know if any of those are maybe difficult or confusing. Next time we should be able to finish up stress and then we're going to start practicing it. So if you can maybe just review stress a little bit and look at the thing I sent you. Sure, I'll do that. Okay. Let me know if you have any questions and I'll see you next time. Yeah, well, you know what, what I mean, it looks like I'm not. I'm not getting enough time or dedicating enough time on this. So practically, what did you see? What do you say? One should be allocating to practice all these things in a week in order for it to be effective. How much time should you spend studying? Well, that depends. So, for example, you said that the songs took a minute for you to kind of catch on to if the songs. Some people really like the songs. So for example, last week was the song. Some people don't spend as much time on those. Maybe those are a little easier to catch up on. Some people prefer this method of sitting down and looking, looking at these physically. But I would say, as far as time goes, I would say it's always better to focus on if you can hear this in the real world, if you can maybe start listening for stress in our practices and then start listening for stress when people speak. So it might be helpful to look at the stress in the songs, go back to the songs a little bit. And of course, you don't have to listen for stress in every single word. But there are parts in the song where, you know, they drag it out forever. So that part where they drag it out, you know, they might say like one word for 20 seconds or whatever. You could tell, okay, that's where the stress is. So start listening for obvious stress in songs. And then once your brain kind of gets used to, okay, here's some stress. There's the idea. I get it. Start listening. Maybe back to some of the recordings I sent where I was reading through. We did our schwa schwaer practice. Maybe see if you could find some stress there. And if you think you hear stress on a word, you can check. Okay. Where is the stress on this word? Any dictionary, the ones I sent should be able to tell you where the stress is. And then from there, it's just helpful to start listening day to day if you can hear it in life. So. So the ultimate goal, of course, isn't to really sit down and cram for a test. It's more trying to integrate this into practice in your day to day. Yeah. So it's going to depend on those steps to get there. I would say little chunks at a time are always better. So instead of saying, okay, every. Every day with class, I'm going to spend an hour on the songs and then do nothing the rest of the week, I would say it would be better to maybe spend like 10 minutes listening to songs every day versus like an hour one day of the week, you know? Yeah, I get that. Yes. So I would just suggest little chunks. Let your brain process it. A lot of this is going to be just pattern things. And nobody really sits around saying, oh, they just said a verb. So the stress must be here. And that word had a. It's just listening for patterns. And this page is just letting you be aware of those patterns. Yeah. So, yeah, just a lot of listening. Whenever you feel comfortable, start using it in real life. Yeah. If that makes sense. Yeah. Well, all right, Sin, thank you so much for. For your. For the class today. I'll see you next week. And hopefully this week I'll get a bit more time to practice. I did see. Was it you who was skipping? It was. Not next week, the week after. Okay. Yeah. I just got a notification you would be skipping at some point. Okay, I will see you next week then. Yeah. All right, Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: There's stress found in a noun towards the beginning. Yeah. On the first syllable. Right. But if you see in a word that has a suffix on it, the suffix changes where the stress goes. So, for example, if you look at some of these here, information, accommodation, invasion. Those are all nouns, but the stress is not on the first syllable. And why not?

Speaker B: Because of the suffix.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Right. And the suffix is. Okay, I'm sorry, but here, the suffix, most likely, that's going to have a schwa in it too, isn't it?

Speaker A: The tion for sure. And sometimes. Yes. The S, I, O, N, not the ik, not the ick.

Speaker B: Mm. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Would you say. Would you say is because of the schwa, that the syllable right before that is more. Sounds like it's more stressed?

Speaker A: Well, it is more stressed. Are you saying maybe we put the stress next to the schwa on purpose?

Speaker B: I mean, no, I mean, I don't mean that we're doing it on purpose, but I mean, because something's unstressed right after that, it seems like it's more stressed. Is it. Is it like that?

Speaker A: It's not really. I. I wouldn't really say it's a comparison thing. If you were to a. If you were to take every syllable, for example, accommodation, you just take out that day, you're not comparing it to the shin at all, it would still have the same amount of stress.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So, yeah, it's not really comparison. I'm not sure if I don't think schwa is the thing moving it either, because we also see this pattern, like I said in ick, ick doesn't have any stress like biographic. So it's. It's not really interfering with the stress and schwa relationship there because there is no schwa to be had.

Speaker B: Got it? Okay.

Speaker A: All right. So noun, usually stress on the first syllable. Now, with English, there's almost always exceptions. And as we looked at, there are some exceptions. And what were those?

Speaker B: Yeah, I see that there are some. Where we stress the second one.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: For example, police. And then I. I believe that there was this word. I mean, I will still say it wrong. I'll say gita. But you pronounced it as there's. With the shoah.

Speaker A: Yeah. How could you pronounce it with a schwa.

Speaker B: That's difficult.

Speaker A: So remember, how do you. If you're having a hard time putting a schwa there, how can you kind of break down the word. Yeah, exactly. And then tar. And then just put it together. Guitar. How would you say that?

Speaker B: Guitar? Yeah.

Speaker A: Guitar.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And you can hear the second parts a little stressed. Guitar.

Speaker B: Guitar. Yeah.

Speaker A: If you ever listen to a song that says guitar in it, they're probably going to drag out guitar. As long as it goes. Yeah, yeah. So that's the stress there. What about verbs?

Speaker B: It's the second syllable.

Speaker A: Yes. Except.

Speaker B: Except some verbs stress the first syllable and for example, enter, realize. I see those things. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: So this is important to know because there are words we talked about that might be a noun, sometimes a verb sometimes, and they switch back and forth. So being able to listen for where the stress is, where the schwa is, that sometimes can change the whole meaning of the word. Yeah, we'll look at that for sure. And then. Do you remember we were talking about how schwa or schwa r might relate to stress some situations? Yeah.

Speaker B: No, I don't. I mean, all I can remember is it's just we need to be mindful about the presence of Shoah, and Shoah are in order to be able to stress something that should be stressed. That's what I can remember.

Speaker A: Yeah. So. Yeah, yeah, exactly. So if we know where something is stressed, we can know where something isn't stressed. For example, if we look at the verbs, the first line here, advance, not no schwa there, but forget. What's in fergate.

Speaker B: Is there. Okay. There's a schwa r there.

Speaker A: Forget a schwa or schwa r. Yeah, forget. So there's no stress there. So the schwa r happens to pop up in that case. So schwa r can't be stressed. But in many cases it happens where there is lack of stress. What about the next word?

Speaker B: Regret?

Speaker A: How is it?

Speaker B: Regret.

Speaker A: Regret.

Speaker B: Regret. Yeah, I see.

Speaker A: Yeah. And if you remember, we talked about regret is the verb. Regret is the. Is the noun.

Speaker B: Noun. Yeah, you mentioned that.

Speaker A: Yeah. So we can. We. We can start to see the pattern of where is schwa? Where is stress? And kind of compare the two. Yeah. Any questions on that before you move on to the next section?

Speaker B: No, it's fine.

Speaker A: Perfect. What is the next section?

Speaker B: The adjectives.

Speaker A: And.

Speaker B: And some exceptions of four adjectives.

Speaker A: But adjectives and. What's the full line there?

Speaker B: Oh. Oh, sorry. Adjectives and adverbs.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Stress. The first syllable.

Speaker A: Yes. So can you go ahead and read maybe just the first four lines?

Speaker B: Sure. Standard. Welcome. Cautiously. Awesomely. Cautious. Careful. Awfully carefully. Awful. Happy. Happily. Actually awesome. Fancy. Presently. Prominently.

Speaker A: Yeah. And could you hear schwa as you were reading any of those words?

Speaker B: Honestly, No, I didn't really detect that. But I think cautious is cautious. I Think so. Cautiously. Cautious.

Speaker A: Cautiously, yes. Cautious, no.

Speaker B: Okay. Cautious,

Speaker A: yeah. Cautiously versus cautious. Okay, so what are some of the words that have maybe three syllables here?

Speaker B: Standard? No, cautiously is one. Awesomely is definitely another one. Awfully carefully.

Speaker A: Where's the schwa on those words?

Speaker B: So I think it's in the a few. It's like awfully there will be a schwa in it. Which if you. That you.

Speaker A: So, so which syllable? First, second or third syllable?

Speaker B: The second syllable.

Speaker A: Yeah, so like the middle syllable. So we find this very often that if there's a schwa in a three syllable word, it's most likely going to be in the middle. And in this particular case, ly is what? So the li. What is that? It's a suffix. Okay, so. So what can that tell us about the stress?

Speaker B: Uh huh. So that should be in that case. It should be in the first syllable, right?

Speaker A: Yeah, so it's in the first syllable. But we could see that in this type of suffix the rule doesn't apply where it's right before. So in three syllable words, usually schwa is in the middle. And if you think of any three syllable word, the chances are schwa is going to be in the middle. Not every time, but many times like family photograph visitor chua is usually in the middle. So we usually have stress wherever in the word based on is it a noun, adjective, adverb, all that fun stuff and then schwa will usually be in the middle.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker A: beautiful things like that.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Let's go down to the next part. Exceptions.

Speaker B: Yeah, some adjectives and adverbs trace the second syllable or others.

Speaker A: Yeah, so this one's a little less concise. This one's literally saying. Yeah, most of the time they do this, but they can also do whatever they want. Could you read these ones as practice, the exceptions?

Speaker B: Yeah. What is it? First or unkempt? I have never heard of this.

Speaker A: Unkempt means maybe like not put together, maybe a little dirty.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: A little disorganized.

Speaker B: Got it. Intense. Entirely anonymous. Intensely. Absolutely,

Speaker A: yes. There we go.

Speaker B: Any questions there for anonymous? There should be issue in mou as the last one, isn't it?

Speaker A: Anonymous.

Speaker B: Anonymous. Yeah.

Speaker A: Where's the schwa?

Speaker B: There. Okay, I see. So it's in the Y there and also. No, no, no, hold on. Yeah, it sounds like there's. There's a schwa there in the y and then a and also mous there for ou, isn't it?

Speaker A: Yeah, so the first syllable as well.

Speaker B: Okay, yeah.

Speaker A: So if you listen. So the last one almost sounds like a schwa. Anonymous. It's not anonymous. It's anonymous.

Speaker B: Okay. That's not.

Speaker A: But there are two schwa there.

Speaker B: Yeah. Right.

Speaker A: And that one's often confused with schwab, because that's called a short eye. We'll look at your eye later.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: It's also very low stress. Any other questions on those ones?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: All right, perfect. Let's go ahead. And the next part is a little more exciting. Can you tell me what's going on on the next page?

Speaker B: Let me read. Many words that have a stress. The first syllable act as nouns or adjectives, but the stress moves over to the right one syllable when used as a verb. Okay, so it's changing based on the meaning of the word. I mean, whether it's a noun or verb. Based on that, we'll pronounce it differently.

Speaker A: Yes. So sometimes. Sometimes they sound very similar. At first. Even native speakers will think, oh, no, that's the same word. But then we happen to just pronounce them differently. So I'm going to read some of these, and you're going to tell me, like, if you can hear the stress and the schwa shifting around. So, for example, the first one, the stress is on which syllable?

Speaker B: Re. Re.

Speaker A: Yeah, the first one. So record as a verb, though, you would say record. I'm going to go record that record.

Speaker B: One more time.

Speaker A: I'm going to go record that record.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So you can even notice in record, record, record, the O is a schwa R in that version because the stress is shifted away, but it's stressed in the verb version. So you actually pronounce the O. So it changes that. And it changes that there's a schwa at the beginning. So record, record. There's a schwa r now. But if I change it to a verb, it's not re anymore. It's ruh. Ruh. Chord.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. So, yeah, again, this can be a little confusing even for native speakers. We're like, no, that's. That's the same word. But then we kind of listen very closely and we're like, wait a minute. Next one. Reject. And reject. So are you familiar with what a reject is?

Speaker B: No, that's. I. Okay. That's also a noun.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: No, please tell me.

Speaker A: Yeah, so if you hear reject instead of reject. Reject is usually somebody who's maybe like, not. Not the best person. They're kind of. They've rejected society. They're a reject. They're. They're just kind of. It's usually used to describe someone who's like, no good.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Kind of maybe a little criminal activity too. And then the last one, I'm going to read present. So with the E. And then this one is actually used as a noun or an adjective. So when would you use this?

Speaker B: Present? Yeah, well, this is when I'm. This is a present. So, I mean, it's a gift.

Speaker A: Yeah, Yeah. A present or present is like. Yeah, like you said. Or present. So this one doesn't quite have a schwa, but the stress is a little different. So present.

Speaker B: Present and present.

Speaker A: Present.

Speaker B: Oh, wow.

Speaker A: So that one's not really a. There's not a schwa there. But the stress shifts a little bit. Okay. Okay. Can you go ahead and read to me the other three? So on the other side.

Speaker B: Yes. Import. I don't really know the difference. Import and what's different?

Speaker A: So if you import something, you're bringing it from one country to another, but if you bring something from one country to another, it's an import. So import and import. So it's just a matter of stress. It's not a schwother. Import. That's the verb. I'm importing. I will import. I'm going to import this. Import. So it's just a matter of where the stress is. And it's hard to hear because there's not a change in schwa there.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker A: but it's. It's. So it's more subtle than the other ones. The next one might be a little easier for you to hear, though. So what's the next one?

Speaker B: Contract and contract.

Speaker A: Yeah, so contract. If you have something, you sign. Contract and contract.

Speaker B: Contract.

Speaker A: Contract. Contract.

Speaker B: Contract. Contract. Oh, wow. These are difficult.

Speaker A: Contract. This one is with a schwa. Contract. What happens when something contracts?

Speaker B: Huh? Okay, so there's a schwa and C O N the O there.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Contract.

Speaker A: What does that mean? When something contracts?

Speaker B: It's squeezes. Like, I don't know.

Speaker A: Yeah, like kind of squeezes in. Yeah, exactly. So contract. Contract.

Speaker B: I get it. Contract. Contract.

Speaker A: Yeah. So remember kun?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So how could you break that down if you're having a little bit of difficulty saying it with the schwa?

Speaker B: Okay. For the noun, contract. For verb, it will be contract.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: One more.

Speaker B: It's just the difference in con that will make the difference.

Speaker A: Yeah. Con and con.

Speaker B: And con. Okay. Present. One will be present. I don't. Okay, we already did that. Sorry.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: The project one is project. Project. Another is project, project and project.

Speaker A: So project, project, project.

Speaker B: Again, a difference in schwa.

Speaker A: Yes. So, yeah, that's. And then, of course, there are some. Where they're the same like whisper and whisper and canvas and canvas.

Speaker B: Okay, so it's just the same. Remains the same for those.

Speaker A: For those ones, Sometimes it's the same, but sometimes you have these very distinct differences. Any questions on those? I will also send you. I'm also going to send you a list of things that have more of these examples, because I think when it comes to schwa and stress, these are some of the most important factors here. Kind also maybe the easiest to listen for at first. So I'm going to send you that page and I want you to let me know if any of those are maybe difficult or confusing. Next time we should be able to finish up stress and then we're going to start practicing it. So if you can maybe just review stress a little bit and look at the thing I sent you.

Speaker B: Sure, I'll do that. Okay.

Speaker A: Let me know if you have any questions and I'll see you next time.

Speaker B: Yeah, well, you know what, what I mean, it looks like I'm not. I'm not getting enough time or dedicating enough time on this. So practically, what did you see? What do you say? One should be allocating to practice all these things in a week in order for it to be effective.

Speaker A: How much time should you spend studying? Well, that depends. So, for example, you said that the songs took a minute for you to kind of catch on to if the songs. Some people really like the songs. So for example, last week was the song. Some people don't spend as much time on those. Maybe those are a little easier to catch up on. Some people prefer this method of sitting down and looking, looking at these physically. But I would say, as far as time goes, I would say it's always better to focus on if you can hear this in the real world, if you can maybe start listening for stress in our practices and then start listening for stress when people speak. So it might be helpful to look at the stress in the songs, go back to the songs a little bit. And of course, you don't have to listen for stress in every single word. But there are parts in the song where, you know, they drag it out forever. So that part where they drag it out, you know, they might say like one word for 20 seconds or whatever. You could tell, okay, that's where the stress is. So start listening for obvious stress in songs. And then once your brain kind of gets used to, okay, here's some stress. There's the idea. I get it. Start listening. Maybe back to some of the recordings I sent where I was reading through. We did our schwa schwaer practice. Maybe see if you could find some stress there. And if you think you hear stress on a word, you can check. Okay. Where is the stress on this word? Any dictionary, the ones I sent should be able to tell you where the stress is. And then from there, it's just helpful to start listening day to day if you can hear it in life. So. So the ultimate goal, of course, isn't to really sit down and cram for a test. It's more trying to integrate this into practice in your day to day.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So it's going to depend on those steps to get there. I would say little chunks at a time are always better. So instead of saying, okay, every. Every day with class, I'm going to spend an hour on the songs and then do nothing the rest of the week, I would say it would be better to maybe spend like 10 minutes listening to songs every day versus like an hour one day of the week, you know?

Speaker B: Yeah, I get that. Yes.

Speaker A: So I would just suggest little chunks. Let your brain process it. A lot of this is going to be just pattern things. And nobody really sits around saying, oh, they just said a verb. So the stress must be here. And that word had a. It's just listening for patterns. And this page is just letting you be aware of those patterns.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So, yeah, just a lot of listening. Whenever you feel comfortable, start using it in real life.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: If that makes sense. Yeah.

Speaker B: Well, all right, Sin, thank you so much for.

Speaker A: For your.

Speaker B: For the class today. I'll see you next week. And hopefully this week I'll get a bit more time to practice.

Speaker A: I did see. Was it you who was skipping?

Speaker B: It was. Not next week, the week after.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. I just got a notification you would be skipping at some point. Okay, I will see you next week then. Yeah.

Speaker B: All right, Bye now.

