Transcript for: Recording__1213.mp4
Title: Recording #1213
============================================================

Items from you to make sure it aligns with what we put forward. But what we did was really just keep it very similar with like the momentum and the growth we're seeing month over month with the budget that we have on the items that are gaining momentum. Okay, so to clarify. So I have to take a look at what budgets we allocated per product for the base performing ones and then how that influenced the sales, what kind of lift we saw as a result. Is that what you're referring to? Sorry. Yeah. Basically, if you can forecast out past December into 2026 using your same baseline budget that you have right now, which is 20 US, 20% against US, 15% against Canada. And the one thing we can likely do, we don't have to do it right now, but in the next little while we'll be able to add a snack mix bundle in there. So. Yeah, which is the other question I have when we talked about snack fix bundle costing, like an actual consumer perception of the finished item cost. I have a meeting next week. So our options on the snack mix, because it's a bigger bag, it's a 150 gram in three different flavors. We can do a three pack variety pack which is likely going to land around $27. For that three pack, we can do a six pack which is two of each of them which would match the Costco online item would be more expensive. It would probably be around 50 to $54. Or the other question I had was these are being packed in cases of 5, like a non variety pack. So you would get like dill pickle cases of fiber. Operationally for us, that is so seamless. It'd be nice to just sell a five pack of all dill pickle. And those would be about 45 bucks a case. But we would have to list three different. We would list three different flavors. So I'm more just kind of asking in terms of the absolute price point for an Amazon consumer, what those numbers kind of sound like? $27. $45. 54. What I ideally do is look at the. Look at similar options, but $54, that does sound very expensive. 45 can work. 27 is definitely better. Yeah, yeah. The ideal. Yeah, yeah. Okay. That's just kind of what I need for my conversation to guide it in the right direction. I just don't want to bring options to the conversation that are not consumer friendly. So that's good. So, okay, that will be the timing of that. We're going to want to start setting that page up in December, by the way. So That'll be a December priority and we'll be able to start shipping, but we won't ship till January. We'll just want to set it up in December. So it's already. But it probably won't ship until second week of January into Amazon. So sell by February. That's sort of the timeline on that. And then graphic design setting up the listing. I think we should at least get started. We can get started right away. Yeah. But at least, I mean, at the latest by let's say the first week of December. So December 1st. Yeah, I think that would be a good idea. Yes. And when you say get started, is that your like, dig in, show home that thousand dollar fee where you do the audit, the keyword search and you come back with us like you did on the items and saying these are the words, here's the positioning, these are some of the competitors that we're talking about. Okay. And then, and then from there, and then you come and say these are how you should position some of your images. Then it's creative design. Definitely. Yeah, I'd love that. First of all, they look really good, so I'd love to try them. I should ship you. Can you show home? Just send me your shipping address. I should just ship you a bunch of product. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Or maybe it's better. Maybe what you should do, what you should do is just order our current products on Amazon and just credit them back on your next. Okay. Yeah. So you can actually receive them like from Amazon maybe. But the snack mixes, I'll have to send to you because we don't have them. I think I, I tried those new packaging for the older products. You don't need to send those to me because I have tried them at chfa. So just the new products, you know, because it's a rebrand. Try them so that it also don't order on Amazon right now because I want to send you the new packaging. So. Yeah, just give me your address. It's 20 Pinewood Avenue. Yes. Okay, So just that snack mixes, is it Pinewood Avenue? Okay. Yes. Okay, I have that address then. Okay. Brittany, could you put the request into navjot? She'll have to show they're just stickers right now because I don't have my actual bags of snack mixes. But it's mock up. You'll be able to see an accurate size and what the item kind of looks. So. I know we already updated the image contest list to. Done. Yeah, yeah. Right, That. Yes. Okay. Lindsay was finalizing one thing also the 18 pack. She has done that. Just needs to send me so I'll ask her again today and then resend both or not resend. We've sent the 30 grams. Sending the 18 grams. Okay. Yeah, I know I, that's on her list. But I don't, I don't. Yeah, it's not the highest priority right now. Show home. She's prioritizing the product page and the A plus content right now and then moving into the other skus, which is another question we have on the other ski. But it is on her list of things to do but it's not the absolute priority of all the design things she has going. So probably within the next two weeks. So the snacks ago. Yes. So Brittany, if you can just stay on Lindsay because again those were on our task list last week to be completed and shared. Right. And they're not done. So I just making sure those things progress as we put deadlines to them. So both snacks to go product pages and A plus content are done. Show home those things should be able to be loaded. The other thing is. So right now we so moving into the variety packs in terms of changing up the imaging. Here we go. So right now how our images are set UP is the ASINs of.com and CA are the same. Which currently is making the images the same. They're sharing images. They're exactly the same. However, how that's set up right now, for instance, the fava beans, we're looking at this right now. The front of pack image is the USA packaging. It's not bilingual, it's USA packaging. Then you see here the single image. Sweet chili USA packaging on the right. Then this is Canadian packaging. Canadian packaging. And where's our NFT back of pack image? That's interesting. So there are nine spaces and seven are visible. So I was just wondering if there are two more images where we have that, you know, the ingredients list and nutrition facts too. But anyway, so you can click on that square. Yeah, I am clicking on it. Clicking on. Yeah. And so and it's, it's the same thing for. Oh here. So here's an example. So this one does though. But. So front of pack is usa, back of pack is Canada. This is the item where that happened where a customer flagged this and was like, oh, I got an item. So because on the 50 gram pack it says you get 12 grams of protein when you shop it, but when you receive a USA package it's only a 30 gram portion on the back. So it was probably like 9 grams of protein. So that's probably what flagged them in saying that. So two things we need to decide right now. Ideally, the images of US versus Canada are different or we have control where we want control. But the asins are the same. All the coding is the same. We want to change that. So if there's a way to do that, then we have two different pages and images if they have to be the same images. So what did you say we need to decide are we just copying exactly what's here with the new look or are we just moving it all to be Canada? Right. Yes. No, they are not. They can. I mean they are married. Yeah. Yeah. So just my. Like, I would prefer that they're both Canadian. And then definitely the NFT has to be candy back and pass for sure. I think that is. Yeah, yeah. So this is sort of the thing because right now it's mixed. Yeah. I don't know why. Like, I don't know why. Yeah. So just, just to triple clarify, we cannot separate. Right. Because the. It's. They're married. Yeah. So what's your. Like the recommendation would be then that we stick like Canada and Canada. Yeah. I would lead with Canada. The risk. I don't want to risk Canada business. Totally. There's some disruption in the U.S. yeah. So. And the. But the thing to note here, because we do ship USA product to the USA Amazon.com It's not Canadian packaging that ships in the box. So that's where the only reason that got flagged by Amazon was because a consumer saw the NFT and said, I thought I was getting 12 grams of protein, but I'm only getting nine. But they didn't understand it's because the US packaging is a smaller portion size. So. Yeah. And then we ended up have. Now we don't sell this product into them anymore. So that is the risk of disruption if we. But again, at the end of the day, we're kind of like toggling over risk anyways because we're not even doing it right. We don't even have an NFT on here. Or maybe we load and we don't even put an NFT and we just make it all Canadian packaging. This one does. I get you. I don't know why Flawless doesn't. Yeah. So chickpeas, for instance, we put a US and a Canadian packaging. Is there. Okay, show him. Is there a way that like it's not possible that people who are selling our product on Amazon are able to touch these images that are uploaded? Because for sure, like I know for sure. We wouldn't have updated a U.S. and a Canadian pack together. And I do know for sure that we had an NFT on all of them before because we went through that a while ago. Well, let's just. What I would say is we just go back to the strategy that we're doing with our snack packs. Yeah, it's French, it's Canadian packaging. And.ca.com the the same. The thing is that we actually are shipping Canadian packaging to.com because we don't have a U.S. item that exists like this. So that's the biggest difference. So. So we're using the strategy where you do Amazon.com is the same images as Amazon CA. We lead with that image. But it's also the same. The difference is when you jump into this pack.com is getting USA packs, they're not getting Canadian packs. So that's the biggest difference. So I'm kind of thinking let's just go with the strategy. Just put our Canadian images on because our asins are married. And what we'll have to do is if for some reason something's flagged again, for whatever reason, that would be the only I. There's. Yeah. Like, I hear different things. Show home. Like when I talk to other agencies, they say, absolutely, you can put US images on the same ASIN in the dot com. So we have to figure that out. I can just ask more questions or what I'll do is I'll just go back to them and say prove it. Like show me an item that's doing it. Or I'm trying to find an item that's doing it. Right. But even like made good in Canada, for instance, I think they put all their USA pictures. Actually their items are not their Items on Amazon.ca is their USA images. They're not translated, right? Oh, this one is. So it's like their lifestyle images are translated but their main image is not. Right. Wait, it's like one is translated and the other is not. Like they mix them. You know what? Let me look into this too. But I mean, based on what I have experienced so far, I have. So there's some sort of like, maybe that's why we did that. I'm trying to think when we set those up so long ago, like we mixed them for that reason a few people and see if they have something figured out. Oh, wait for. To reduce waste. Now this is their new look saying great taste snacks. Here's a nice image, Brittany, for communicating this too. Right. I actually like the way they worded that. This is all English. Unless the other side is French and this one's translated. Weird, confusing. Maybe that's the bad product to do with. Yeah, like what's the strategy? I also. Again, Yeah, because yeah, we need to move into design, updating those pages and we just need to know what are we doing? Are we going to start with just Canadian packaging? Even Larabar for instance. Although I don't know if they're a Canadian company. But yeah, all I see is actually US packaging on the Canadian site. Oh, organic tradition. It's a mix. This is the same as a total mix. That's very confusing. Look at the link and you will see after DP you will see one like if you look at what we're doing right now, we're doing what Made Good is the front of PAC is US and the rest is Canada Robotics slash DP and then that's it. Yannick Traditions does Canadian, but I'm assuming she fulfills. And I'm going to check Amazon.com for the same product on Amazon. Okay. And then in the us it's US packaging. I don't know if we can see. Are we able. How do I know if it's the same asin? Same. So B07BH6. No, different. Wait, I don't have the right one. What is this one? Green tea matcha. What is it? Matcha latte Machalatti. Organic traditions. Matcha latte Here. This one because this one has French on it. Yeah, it's the same asin, different images. So here you see on Amazon, ca b07bh6t y.com b07bh6ty and they are same product, different images. So this one has. So this is CA fully translated. Back of panel is. It's a different portion of snack. So, yeah, front of PAC, English, French. Back of PAC, English French. It is the matcha latte. ASIN B07BH62IQB B07BH6TYQB Same ASIN English only packaging. So, Brittany, we should set up a call with him. Yeah. So then what's weird is then the only other one I could find that was on both was this beetroot powder. And different asins, different packaging. Very confusing. Different asins, different packaging. Okay, so maybe they move strategy somehow, but they're doing it. Yeah. So at least for that module, the one that you're looking at, they did do it. So. Yeah. So can you set up a call with him when you're back, Brittany? Yeah, just on the other side of your holiday. So this is the their digital VP guy in the US show home that does other e comm just with organic traditions. We'll talk to him and see if he has some info on how to do it. Or Brittany, you could just send him an email and say, hey, I have a question also because it looks like they put their rebrand up. Remember last time he talked to us? Yeah. Having a heart attack. It looks good. So if you want to reach out to and say, oh shit, I got to jump out of this meeting and just say, hey, we saw your rebrands up. It looks great. Wondering how you do this. Same asin different images.com ca do you have a simple process of doing this or do you want to jump on a call and talk and put something into it? Matcha tea latte. Okay. Yeah. Here's an example where they did that and I'm wondering if he knows because that would be the ideal. Gets rid of any and all risk and thank you. Or the other way is you put all USA images up. But yeah, okay. Yeah, okay. Maybe I actually just told Lindsay do Canada and Canada because we were chatting anyway. So maybe I'll just pause her on that. Yeah. Thank you. So she's saying I can move forward making everything Canadian.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Items from you to make sure it aligns with what we put forward. But what we did was really just keep it very similar with like the momentum and the growth we're seeing month over month with the budget that we have on the items that are gaining momentum.

Speaker B: Okay, so to clarify. So I have to take a look at what budgets we allocated per product for the base performing ones and then how that influenced the sales, what kind of lift we saw as a result. Is that what you're referring to? Sorry.

Speaker A: Yeah. Basically, if you can forecast out past December into 2026 using your same baseline budget that you have right now, which is 20 US, 20% against US, 15% against Canada. And the one thing we can likely do, we don't have to do it right now, but in the next little while we'll be able to add a snack mix bundle in there.

Speaker B: So.

Speaker A: Yeah, which is the other question I have when we talked about snack fix bundle costing, like an actual consumer perception of the finished item cost. I have a meeting next week. So our options on the snack mix, because it's a bigger bag, it's a 150 gram in three different flavors. We can do a three pack variety pack which is likely going to land around $27. For that three pack, we can do a six pack which is two of each of them which would match the Costco online item would be more expensive. It would probably be around 50 to $54. Or the other question I had was these are being packed in cases of 5, like a non variety pack. So you would get like dill pickle cases of fiber. Operationally for us, that is so seamless. It'd be nice to just sell a five pack of all dill pickle. And those would be about 45 bucks a case. But we would have to list three different. We would list three different flavors. So I'm more just kind of asking in terms of the absolute price point for an Amazon consumer, what those numbers kind of sound like? $27. $45.

Speaker B: 54. What I ideally do is look at the. Look at similar options, but $54, that does sound very expensive. 45 can work. 27 is definitely better.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. The ideal. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: That's just kind of what I need for my conversation to guide it in the right direction. I just don't want to bring options to the conversation that are not consumer friendly. So that's good. So, okay, that will be the timing of that. We're going to want to start setting that page up in December, by the way. So That'll be a December priority and we'll be able to start shipping, but we won't ship till January. We'll just want to set it up in December. So it's already. But it probably won't ship until second week of January into Amazon. So sell by February.

Speaker B: That's sort of the timeline on that. And then graphic design setting up the listing. I think we should at least get started. We can get started right away.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: But at least, I mean, at the latest by let's say the first week of December. So December 1st. Yeah, I think that would be a good idea.

Speaker A: Yes. And when you say get started, is that your like, dig in, show home that thousand dollar fee where you do the audit, the keyword search and you come back with us like you did on the items and saying these are the words, here's the positioning, these are some of the competitors that we're talking about. Okay. And then, and then from there, and then you come and say these are how you should position some of your images. Then it's creative design.

Speaker B: Definitely. Yeah, I'd love that. First of all, they look really good, so I'd love to try them.

Speaker A: I should ship you. Can you show home? Just send me your shipping address. I should just ship you a bunch of product. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Or maybe it's better. Maybe what you should do, what you should do is just order our current products on Amazon and just credit them back on your next. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So you can actually receive them like from Amazon maybe. But the snack mixes, I'll have to send to you because we don't have them.

Speaker B: I think I, I tried those new packaging for the older products. You don't need to send those to me because I have tried them at chfa. So just the new products, you know,

Speaker A: because it's a rebrand.

Speaker B: Try them so that it also don't

Speaker A: order on Amazon right now because I want to send you the new packaging.

Speaker C: So.

Speaker A: Yeah, just give me your address.

Speaker B: It's 20 Pinewood Avenue.

Speaker A: Yes. Okay, So just that snack mixes, is it Pinewood Avenue?

Speaker B: Okay. Yes.

Speaker C: Okay, I have that address then.

Speaker A: Okay. Brittany, could you put the request into navjot? She'll have to show they're just stickers right now because I don't have my actual bags of snack mixes. But it's mock up. You'll be able to see an accurate size and what the item kind of looks.

Speaker B: So. I know we already updated the image contest list to.

Speaker C: Done. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Right,

Speaker A: That. Yes.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Lindsay was finalizing one thing also the 18 pack. She has done that.

Speaker A: Just needs to send me so I'll

Speaker C: ask her again today and then resend both or not resend. We've sent the 30 grams. Sending the 18 grams. Okay. Yeah, I know I, that's on her list. But I don't, I don't.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's not the highest priority right now. Show home. She's prioritizing the product page and the A plus content right now and then moving into the other skus, which is another question we have on the other ski. But it is on her list of things to do but it's not the absolute priority of all the design things she has going. So probably within the next two weeks. So the snacks ago. Yes. So Brittany, if you can just stay on Lindsay because again those were on our task list last week to be completed and shared. Right. And they're not done. So I just making sure those things progress as we put deadlines to them. So both snacks to go product pages and A plus content are done. Show home those things should be able to be loaded. The other thing is. So right now we so moving into the variety packs in terms of changing up the imaging. Here we go. So right now how our images are set UP is the ASINs of.com and CA are the same. Which currently is making the images the same. They're sharing images. They're exactly the same. However, how that's set up right now, for instance, the fava beans, we're looking at this right now. The front of pack image is the USA packaging. It's not bilingual, it's USA packaging. Then you see here the single image. Sweet chili USA packaging on the right. Then this is Canadian packaging. Canadian packaging. And where's our NFT back of pack image? That's interesting.

Speaker B: So there are nine spaces and seven are visible. So I was just wondering if there are two more images where we have that, you know, the ingredients list and nutrition facts too. But anyway, so you can click on that square.

Speaker A: Yeah, I am clicking on it. Clicking on. Yeah. And so and it's, it's the same thing for. Oh here. So here's an example. So this one does though. But. So front of pack is usa, back of pack is Canada. This is the item where that happened where a customer flagged this and was like, oh, I got an item. So because on the 50 gram pack it says you get 12 grams of protein when you shop it, but when you receive a USA package it's only a 30 gram portion on the back. So it was probably like 9 grams of protein. So that's probably what flagged them in saying that. So two things we need to decide right now. Ideally, the images of US versus Canada are different or we have control where we want control. But the asins are the same. All the coding is the same. We want to change that. So if there's a way to do that, then we have two different pages and images if they have to be the same images. So what did you say we need to decide are we just copying exactly what's here with the new look or are we just moving it all to be Canada?

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: No, they are not. They can. I mean they are married. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: So just my. Like, I would prefer that they're both Canadian. And then definitely the NFT has to

Speaker A: be candy back and pass for sure.

Speaker B: I think that is.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So this is sort of the thing because right now it's mixed.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: I don't know why.

Speaker C: Like, I don't know why.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: So just, just to triple clarify, we cannot separate. Right. Because the.

Speaker A: It's.

Speaker C: They're married.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: So what's your. Like the recommendation would be then that we stick like Canada and Canada.

Speaker A: Yeah. I would lead with Canada. The risk. I don't want to risk Canada business. Totally. There's some disruption in the U.S. yeah. So. And the. But the thing to note here, because we do ship USA product to the USA Amazon.com It's not Canadian packaging that ships in the box. So that's where the only reason that got flagged by Amazon was because a consumer saw the NFT and said, I thought I was getting 12 grams of protein, but I'm only getting nine. But they didn't understand it's because the US packaging is a smaller portion size. So. Yeah. And then we ended up have. Now we don't sell this product into them anymore. So that is the risk of disruption if we. But again, at the end of the day, we're kind of like toggling over risk anyways because we're not even doing it right. We don't even have an NFT on here. Or maybe we load and we don't even put an NFT and we just make it all Canadian packaging. This one does.

Speaker B: I get you.

Speaker A: I don't know why Flawless doesn't.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: So chickpeas, for instance, we put a US and a Canadian packaging.

Speaker C: Is there.

Speaker A: Okay, show him. Is there a way that like it's

Speaker C: not possible that people who are selling our product on Amazon are able to touch these images that are uploaded? Because for sure, like I know for sure. We wouldn't have updated a U.S. and a Canadian pack together.

Speaker A: And I do know for sure that

Speaker C: we had an NFT on all of them before because we went through that a while ago.

Speaker A: Well, let's just. What I would say is we just go back to the strategy that we're doing with our snack packs. Yeah, it's French, it's Canadian packaging. And.ca.com the the same. The thing is that we actually are shipping Canadian packaging to.com because we don't have a U.S. item that exists like this. So that's the biggest difference.

Speaker C: So.

Speaker A: So we're using the strategy where you do Amazon.com is the same images as Amazon CA. We lead with that image. But it's also the same. The difference is when you jump into this pack.com is getting USA packs, they're not getting Canadian packs. So that's the biggest difference. So I'm kind of thinking let's just go with the strategy. Just put our Canadian images on because our asins are married. And what we'll have to do is if for some reason something's flagged again, for whatever reason, that would be the only I. There's. Yeah. Like, I hear different things. Show home. Like when I talk to other agencies, they say, absolutely, you can put US images on the same ASIN in the dot com. So we have to figure that out. I can just ask more questions or what I'll do is I'll just go back to them and say prove it. Like show me an item that's doing it. Or I'm trying to find an item that's doing it. Right. But even like made good in Canada, for instance, I think they put all their USA pictures. Actually their items are not their Items on Amazon.ca is their USA images. They're not translated, right? Oh, this one is. So it's like their lifestyle images are translated but their main image is not. Right. Wait, it's like one is translated and the other is not. Like they mix them.

Speaker B: You know what? Let me look into this too. But I mean, based on what I have experienced so far, I have.

Speaker A: So there's some sort of like, maybe that's why we did that. I'm trying to think when we set

Speaker B: those up so long ago, like we

Speaker A: mixed them for that reason a few

Speaker B: people and see if they have something figured out.

Speaker A: Oh, wait for. To reduce waste. Now this is their new look saying great taste snacks. Here's a nice image, Brittany, for communicating this too. Right.

Speaker C: I actually like the way they worded that.

Speaker A: This is all English. Unless the other side is French and this one's translated. Weird, confusing. Maybe that's the bad product to do with. Yeah, like what's the strategy? I also. Again, Yeah, because yeah, we need to move into design, updating those pages and we just need to know what are we doing? Are we going to start with just Canadian packaging? Even Larabar for instance. Although I don't know if they're a Canadian company. But yeah, all I see is actually US packaging on the Canadian site.

Speaker C: Oh, organic tradition.

Speaker A: It's a mix.

Speaker B: This is the same as a total mix.

Speaker A: That's very confusing.

Speaker B: Look at the link and you will see after DP you will see one

Speaker A: like if you look at what we're doing right now, we're doing what Made Good is the front of PAC is US and the rest is Canada Robotics

Speaker B: slash DP and then that's it.

Speaker A: Yannick Traditions does Canadian, but I'm assuming she fulfills.

Speaker C: And I'm going to check Amazon.com for

Speaker A: the same product on Amazon. Okay. And then in the us it's US packaging. I don't know if we can see. Are we able. How do I know if it's the same asin?

Speaker B: Same.

Speaker A: So B07BH6. No, different. Wait, I don't have the right one. What is this one? Green tea matcha. What is it? Matcha latte Machalatti. Organic traditions. Matcha latte Here. This one because this one has French on it. Yeah, it's the same asin, different images. So here you see on Amazon, ca b07bh6t y.com b07bh6ty and they are same product, different images. So this one has. So this is CA fully translated. Back of panel is. It's a different portion of snack. So, yeah, front of PAC, English, French. Back of PAC, English French. It is the matcha latte. ASIN B07BH62IQB B07BH6TYQB Same ASIN English only packaging. So, Brittany, we should set up a call with him. Yeah.

Speaker C: So then what's weird is then the only other one I could find that was on both was this beetroot powder. And different asins, different packaging. Very confusing.

Speaker A: Different asins, different packaging. Okay, so maybe they move strategy somehow, but they're doing it.

Speaker C: Yeah. So at least for that module, the one that you're looking at, they did do it.

Speaker A: So. Yeah. So can you set up a call with him when you're back, Brittany? Yeah, just on the other side of your holiday. So this is the their digital VP guy in the US show home that does other e comm just with organic traditions. We'll talk to him and see if he has some info on how to do it. Or Brittany, you could just send him an email and say, hey, I have a question also because it looks like they put their rebrand up. Remember last time he talked to us?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Having a heart attack.

Speaker C: It looks good.

Speaker A: So if you want to reach out to and say, oh shit, I got to jump out of this meeting and just say, hey, we saw your rebrands up. It looks great. Wondering how you do this. Same asin different images.com ca do you have a simple process of doing this or do you want to jump on a call and talk and put something into it?

Speaker C: Matcha tea latte. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Here's an example where they did that and I'm wondering if he knows because that would be the ideal. Gets rid of any and all risk and thank you. Or the other way is you put all USA images up.

Speaker C: But yeah, okay. Yeah, okay. Maybe I actually just told Lindsay do

Speaker A: Canada and Canada because we were chatting anyway.

Speaker C: So maybe I'll just pause her on that.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Thank you.

Speaker C: So she's saying I can move forward making everything Canadian.

