Transcript for: Recording__985.mp4
Title: Recording #985
============================================================

And you, you, you have a process with a smart marketer like me kind of saying strategic. Like you balance strategy with consumer input. Consumers only respond to stimuli. Consumers, you know, you can't just say, hey, come up with the brand. To me, you present them stimuli. So the first step we're doing is to try to figure out the positioning. The keyword analysis will help figure out the positioning. So I think, okay, I get that. So it needs to flow in a way when I'm presenting. Why am I saying that? Okay, I get that. So in that case, probably, if, if we talk about the keywords, probably it's also worth it to mention the searches, the number of searches. That kind of. Yeah. So where is, where's that page on the search? Where's that? I didn't keep that. But you know what? Let me. That's the most important. Yeah, that's here. Like, let me just. So the most. If you think about it, the flow of all your audits should be, you know, in this category that you're in. Let me look at the keywords and compare it to what the brand currently has identified as keywords, because that's the first thing to make a recommendation. Then once we sign off, like, I would literally have an Excel with keywords and I would put my signature on it. Once we sign off on the keywords, then. Then we have to rearrange the content. Right? Like. Cause we decide we're going to own, you know, healthy snack or in weight loss. You know, no one can own weight loss, even Weight Watchers. We didn't try to own weight loss because. Because it was too expensive. Then the content, we have to have the images lined up. Right. That will need a bit of deeper research. Probably we'll do that after we start working because, I mean, which keywords we can own. We need to look at the data and all. Yeah, but, but your, your proposal is to say, like the same as I just showed you, my process to turn around a business and get roi. This is your process. It has to start with the keywords. So this is a mini audit. Okay. And it starts with the keywords. So there's these 10 buckets. Now, given how important keywords are. So you remove. But I think it's in the business review. Let me go get, Let me go get the. That page was in my business review. So let me just pull it back up. Okay, so I'm doing the same with my business review. Right. Like, this is a draft of my business review. So I'm just going to fill in the Blanks. Like, this is my job. Like, they're paying me to do all this, and I'm a little bit behind. Let me go to the Amazon pages. Okay, okay, okay. So I'm basically saying I need a scorecard. Like this. That's my. The one that Matt did for me. So I, like, I don't know what they have. Like, I didn't get to have this meeting with them. This is not going to be accurate anyway. I mean. I mean. And I can give you the breakdown of the expenses, but it's quite impossible to predict. At least I don't have a system where I can predict how much. No, but this is the pass. This is the pass. Do a scorecard. Oh, do they have. Did you see a scorecard? Do they have a scorecard? I didn't see any. Like, for three farmers. Okay. Yeah, yeah. So that's what I'm saying. They need to get a scorecard like this. That's what this page is saying. Oh, okay. Now, they do have the breakdown of the cost, the expenses on the Excel that they share. Alicia. Okay. Yeah. So they have a scorecard or they don't have a scorecard. They have a page on this scorecard like this. Yes. Breakdown of expenses. Yes, they do. I can probably pull it up. No, it's okay. Let me just find it. So did you save it in here? Let's see what they have. Ecom files. Do the last one. Last file. This one, right? This one. Yes. Yeah. In one of those tabs, they have the data. Let me find out which one. So many tabs in there. So on Overview. Yeah. Okay. Overview, us, Amazon, they have it. Perfect. Perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect. Yeah. All right, Suzy, so if you want me to present the file that I have right now, I can probably do that. Yeah. Okay. Wait, wait. So we're. Let's let's just. Let's just one thing at a time. So let's just. So this is kind of a draft. This is like a draft. Like, you put the data and then you draw conclusions from it. So they do have a scorecard, but we have to make sense of it. Okay, so this page. So let me put this page back into ours. Okay. Because you took this page out. So let me put this page here. And so here's a mini audit. Okay. Mini audit is there's opportunities on the keywords, but first we have to align to the keywords. You have to. They have to pay you to do a keyword search, and then it's usually a meeting, and we agree, like, you recommend you use your tools, you pull the keywords and you say, hey, here are like high search value but expensive. Here's medium search value, but no one owns them. And you make a recommendation on the keywords. Is that. Yes. Yeah. So that you would charge for that. Right. So like. And recommend. And recommend a keyword search review and alignment. So. So we're going to recommend that they spend money with you to do this. Yeah, it's. Suzy, if I can say something here. So it's not just a keyword, it's the entire content thing. Right. How we implement the keywords, the alignment part, basically, it's the entire process. The workflow is in my. The decks that we created, the pitch text. So do you want me to add that here? That this is exactly what I want to do for you? I. I say that again. Like, the process, it's not just about finding the keywords and then adding the keywords to the title and wherever. It's not like it's an entire process. And the workflow is described in my Pitch day. I. That you help. Oh, right, right. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Sorry. Your pit. That was my other point. Like, the meeting cannot start with this. Right. The meeting cannot start with this deck. The meeting has to start with your pitch deck. Just. So we started the meeting with this because I know your pitch deck, but the meeting has to start with your pitch deck and you have to present it in like 10 minutes. So let's. Where's your pitch deck in here? See if you have. I don't know if we have that in the Dropbox, but let's see. Capabilities. Can you say probably the presentation. The presentation? Yeah, the presentation. But let's move it to. I'm going to move. I'm going to propose. We have a folder called Pitch Deck. Okay. Okay. And then you're going to, you know, then you're going to have a folder called Clients. Like three Farmers is a client. So let's move three Farmers into clients. Okay. So in Pitch Deck, let's move it into its own. So just to, you know, this is all the stuff we're kind of saying, like, get organized. Right? Yes. Sorry. I could show you my. Like, it's a bit disorganized. No, no, it's okay. It's okay. Work. Yeah, yeah, we. We're just. We're getting it organized. Okay. So which one is your pitch deck presentation? The second one. Yeah. Okay, so I'm moving it here. Okay. So I moved it over and then let me open it just quickly. Okay. You got to change Your picture like this. Like you. That is like. Absolutely not. Okay, wait, let me see. Okay, how do I remove my picture from here? Wait one sec. How do I remove me. Right, so I stopped sharing. One sec. So how do I move you? View speaker. Okay, I'm going to take a picture of you right now. Oh, okay, so. Yeah, so. Okay, so perfect. And then look. Okay. Oh, that's perfect. And then turn your head. You had your head. Turn, turn your head. Okay, look. Okay. Okay, that's perfect. Okay, wait, so I'm gonna take a picture. So, so you have to smile and you have to look left a little bit. And then open your mouth a bit. And then. Yeah, perfect. Then look at me. Then look at me with your eyes. Just with your eyes. Okay, up, up. No, no, look up, look up, look up. Okay, perfect. And then keep. Then smile, smile. Big smile. Yeah. Let's see. Okay, perfect. I'm not. Sorry. Put that for now. Yeah. Stop, stop, stop. You're not allowed to say that. Okay, so. Okay. Okay, so. Okay, so. Okay. Okay. Oh, your deck is a pain in the butt. What happened? Oh, the format. Yeah, the format. Like just because it's. It's all individual things. Okay, so let me reshare my screen. So I had to unshare because I wanted. Okay, you want to. My picture? Yeah. Okay, so agenda. You see, these are like a pain to move. Okay. Maybe I can try taking another picture later on. It's okay, but you get the idea, right? Yes. Was it funny that I used the last picture in the presentation? And. Let's do two pages. So one page is this, and then one page is this. Victoria. Victoria. Victoria. Victoria. Go, go. She's upside down on her belly and putting her little pawpaws. Oh, you're putting your little papas. Can you see her? You're putting your little girl. Look how cute she is. And then the little brother is gonna come running over. Okay, so. Okay, so this is. And then try to put a picture of your two teammates here. Like. Yeah, like this. Okay, so try to do that. So put Valerie and Vibraz. Okay, so AV sync. So it's the same when you do ads. Audio video sync. So you say it. You say their name and then you show their name. Okay. AV sync. Yeah. Okay, So this you have to present in 10 minutes. Okay? This is super important. And if you can put rectangles around. Can you put it. Where's the. They just put rectangles. How do you format this? Format? Okay, this is sloppy. Like, it needs to be centered. You gotta. You gotta like all your spaces and stuff. Like, this is sloppy, but we'll fix it after. They all have to be the same size and there should be wider. Is this centered here? Just bugging me. Like I want to center it. How do I center this? So we're kind of doing this right? Like we're doing proposed strategy for strong roas. We're in step two right now. Like your font's not the right font, right? So your deck should follow this, but you just kind of show high level what it is, but it should follow this. That that's your process, right? So that's what those, all those videos and stuff, like document everything. This is a perfect example where Calibri 20 we're pitching. And you have a process. So your mini audit should follow the same process. Okay. Does that make sense? Yeah. So all you're doing, it's like what I did with them, right? Like, here's the mini business review skeleton, the strawman. It's not filled out, but this is what you're hiring me to do. It's the same with you. It's like, hey, I have a five step process and this is really bugging me. The spaces here. I have a five step process. Because you're not getting, you know, when meetings are just like an hour, we're not getting to the thinking part because we're just drowning with all this stuff here. So we got to move beyond the formatting and, and shit to like the thinking part. Okay, I'll take care. But that, yeah, but that's part of like working together also. We're kind of, you know, we're kind of learning it together. But the only reason I'm doing this is so that there's payoff. Right. I don't want to be doing this in four weeks from now. Our meetings shouldn't be about this. Like, like we're investing and working together. So we can go slow to go fast. That makes sense. Yep. Okay, so. Oh yeah, there's something weird with the fonts. Okay, so basically you're going to present this first you're going to say, hey, you know, this is kind of, you know, my clients, my practices, my process, you know, our unique process. We've had like, I think six agencies present to us. Soham packaging and branding agencies. And it's always the same thing. And like I was telling them, right, every single meeting it'll be, here's our team, here are our clients, here's our unique process that makes us better. Here's how we'd approach your project and here's our proposal. Right? Those five things, we've met six agencies. We have 11 on the list. I'll just show you. And it's always the same thing. So you're an Amazon agency. Same thing, Right. Smile like. Yep. You know, Amazon agency also presents the same thing because that's just how agencies, or anyone. Right. I'm a mini agency, presents to potential clients. Right. It's like it's cookie cutter 101. And you don't need to go to all these expensive courses. Like you're living the course now. Right? We're doing it together. Okay, so this is. This is the scorecard. So These are the 10 agencies. There's a whole bunch. There's 10 more that we discarded. But these are the one that we're working right now and we're assessing and we could do this for. You know, when I hired a digital agency, we did the same thing. Okay. You know, what's the criteria in this case? It's packaging. So one criteria is food expertise, one is case studies, one is strategic fit, and one is budget and references. So a grand total and it's weighted average. And there's points and percentages allocated. Right? 30%, 30%, 10%, 15% and a total of 100%. And then we're scoring each of them this agency, companies. Yep. Always. Yeah. Oh, wow. Okay, so if you're pitching who you're pitching to, will have. And they'll often put it in the rfp, they'll say, these are the criteria. Look, I can show you the criteria. We actually tell the agencies to provide a scope of work. Right? So we're saying, please provide us a scope of work. We are asking you to provide us a proposal. Right? You're providing the proposal. This is the document to the agencies to provide us a proposal. Right. So we skip this step. Step with you. We just said. But this is the written document. Please provide us a proposal. This is the process we're going through. Step one and two is packaging and positioning with concept research. Then after that, once we have the updated packaging, we're going to work on a campaign. And that campaign is going to get disseminated on Amazon and on Shopify, on meta ads and on other ads and, and in sales and our marketing mix. Please quote on the packaging. And then after we've aligned to the packaging, the campaign. Okay. Okay. So we're asking them to do that. We're saying in your proposal to us, please present these four buckets, your agency, your burbac. Of course, the process. I Didn't put it in. But they all put their process, your budget and your case studies. Right? This is what you're presenting to them. Okay, timing. Here's our timing because they're all asking for that. Here's our SKUs, here's some background, blah, blah, blah. And key challenges. This was written by Arlene, so I didn't change it much. We're looking for a strategic partner. Here's the process, like in detail, explained out in detail. So they have no questions. Right? Like they understand and oh, by the way, here's how we're going to pick the partner we're going with. Okay, so let me just copy this over. So when you're pitching against other agencies, like a good client, a really good client will send you this, this rfp. Okay? Right. You're not going to get this on upworks, but you will get it on. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But that's why, that's what I'm saying, like when you work in larger companies, right? Like, so this is the process to pick our partner. We're doing a mini version, but we tell them like, look, this is the chart, okay. These are the weights, right. So there's no surprise. Right? Like this is. Now let's come back to your thing. So this is my proposal to them. I'm going to do step one and two. This is the timing. Step three. I'm going to then help you with the campaign. I can help you with Amazon. So we're kind of going into a bit of step three and step four. Like we, I kind of saw low hanging fruit and we know Amazon is low hanging fruit. So I'm jumping to step three and four by taking some of my hours and investing them with you. Because, because it's part of the. So that was my proposal. Then I kind of say, look, you know, exhibit one, you know, I looked at your deck on enterprise strategies and I think, you know, they don't have the right strategies, by the way. These are your strategies. I don't think it's the right ones. This is your growth strategies. Like I'm a growth driver. Right? Like your growth stripe growth strategies, like, are not strong enough. They're basically, you know, know you're hardly spending any money and you're not spending it in the right place. So I kind of said that nicely. Here's when we do concept research. Here's the cost of concept research. Here's an example of your positioning which I was going to show you on the other decks. This is what that agency I was showing you this is where they landed on their concept. Okay. Actually let me. Given I. Let me take this and move it on to the PowerPoint. Just to multitask. Save me a few minutes. Positioning. So I was just going to jump to the positioning page. One sec. So positioning is. So this is competition. Costco. Wow. Yeah. So I, I got work to do, but they're paying me like ten grand to do this, which is not a lot, by the way. No, actually it's four grand for the business review. So wait, one sec. Key issues. Okay, so we're going to go here. Okay, so right at the beginning, positioning current. Okay. Which is the current concept, which is a dog's breakfast. Like it's like, like there's a million things in here. And then we're going to put. Which is what I wanted to get to, is positioning lead options for concept testing. Okay. So I just want to show you this because it comes back to the keywords. So we've just gone full circle. We're coming back to keywords, if that makes sense. Okay, so here, So there's. Oh, I'm missing a thing. Okay, so this is current and this is option A, whatever the name is. This is option B, whatever the name is. And this is option C. So the current, I'll just show it to you like in parallel. So here it's three farmers plant based protein snacks. So it's naturally packed full of protein for long lasting energy. Okay, Just remember that. Naturally packed. Naturally packed. They're all over the place. Protein for long lasting energy. Okay. Like they need to hire me because they haven't had a marketer ever and this is like a mess. Okay, benefits insights, RTBs. 1, 2, 3, 4. And then there could be like a tagline. And I don't even know what their tagline is right now. So their benefit right now is plant based protein snack, naturally packed full of protein for long. Full of protein, actually packed full of protein for long lasting energy. Okay, so that's kind of their. But you don't even see energy on this, right? Like if their benefit state it's what we chatted like an hour ago. If their benefit statement is full of energy, their packaging should have the word energy. If their benefit statement is a healthy snack, their benefit statement, whether it's in the positioning statement or the concept, should have the words healthy so that discipline agencies don't have. So this Bridgemark agency that I was just showing you. Let me close this here. You know those seven decks that. I'll show you a couple of them. They're like, oh, okay. You know, it's leading to what the positioning should be. Okay. You know, healthy. It's kind of not clear, and it's seen as expensive. And they don't trust the healthy claims. Oh, by the way, snacking is still associated with guilt. Oh, by the way, you know, fresh food is healthier than package. So how do we compete with fresh? How do we address pricing? How do we build trust? Right? So it's a logical deck for branding, right. For what they were hired to do. So then, okay, like, look, there's all these brands, blah, blah, blah, certified, blah, blah, blah. So this is all really good. Like, and this is the positioning. So this I have in my business review, actually, I'm going to copy this. The. This brand. I don't know where they are. This brand is competitor, right? It's Chickpea Puffs. This is not this guy's. I don't know where they are. This is the good bean. I think they got kicked out of Canada. But these are direct competitors, right? And then there's this new little startup brand, whatever that is. I don't know if they. Then there's Vienna, which I don't remember what happened with them. This is a good brand, but they're declining. And then, oh, by the way, these are the oils. And then there's the hippie snack brand, the Brammy. Bada Boom esps. Wow, there's a lot. Then there's pitos, which went from this with the lion to this at the bottom. This is a chart, right? So this is what I'm redoing in the positioning deck. And I. I forgot that they did, like, I'm redoing basically the same thing, but updated, so I should try to copy a little bit more. So they're basically saying, look, there's some serious brands, there's some goodness brands, and there's some fun brands. Yeah. Okay. So it's kind of what I was doing here in the positioning buckets. Option A, you know, the current is kind of like farm goodness. Goodness from the farm goodness from farmers is goodness. It's kind of their current because the packaging is so, like, it has farmers on the top of the packaging. So I don't think that's a strong positioning. But they're basically. This is their current, and we could move to something to, you know, like, health, You know, packed with taste and flavor. So taste and flavor explosion, you know, basically explosion. We can go to, you know, fun, which I don't recommend. We can go to, like, I don't recommend Fun. Actually, let me just. Victoria, what are you doing? Girl? Girl. What you doing A girl girl. But it's all kind of connected. Like your SEO is going to help this page and this page is the focus of the next two weeks because by next Friday, not sorry, by two Fridays from now, I have to have these three options. So your SEO, like we'll talk about this Friday. If you can run the SEO whatever right over the weekend, like early next week, it will help inform the positioning buckets. So these soham have to be testably different. So you know what that means, right? Like they have to in concept, these have to be far apart from each other. The words, the positioning, the packaging also, but more importantly, the concept is a combination of the words, the concept and the picture of the packaging. They have to be testably different. If they're not testably different, we're kind of wasting our money in research because the results are all going to come back the same. Interesting. You know, four of the six agencies we met asked exactly that. They said, you know, what positionings are you considering and are they testably different? So that's good, right? Even though some of the agencies were pretty weak, like in the first five minutes of the meeting we were canning them, they still would say that. What do you mean by testably different? Testably different means when you read this concept here, okay, on the left when you read that versus option B, another one, this is the US one, but another one, another one, another one. Say four concepts, right? When you read option A versus B versus C, will the scores are they far enough different that the scores will be different? If they're not different enough. So if you basically in the concepts, if all you do is say the same thing, wholesome farm telling, 10 grams of protein, blah blah blah, you just read regurgitate all the same words. You're not going to get like the, the results. And the first the. Sorry, my tummy is really, really upset. The results in concept testing is purchase, intent, likability, first intent, likability, believability, uniqueness. This products for me, open end likes. So tell me why you like it. Open end dislikes. Tell me why you dislike it. Open end likes, Open end dislikes and value for money. Okay, so those are the scores of most con. The methodology for most to all concept testing is the same. So you it's called the big six. So you basically ask consumers, you show them constant A and you say, you know, purchase at 10. Then you say believability like blah blah blah. If the scores all come back, you know, 22, 23, 24. They're all the same. You kind of wasted research, right? Like, they're, they're not testably different. Yeah. You want them to be testably different. So, yeah, that's what we're kind of talking about now is the foundation of cpg. Like, this is like, because your positioning is the first step and you're like, like it all kind of starts with positioning, right? Yeah. And the way to valid. So I just wanted to show you. Let's just finish the tutorial. But these guys here wrote this concept and it has the kitchen sink in it. I said like, look, there's like, there's 25 different things in here. Delicious, plant based. Naturally packed full of protein. Long lasting energy. Keeps you going throughout the day. Roasted to perfection. Tossed with natural flavors. Every bite's a big crunch. So you basically have like 10 different ideas in here. So you're cheating, right? It's called kitchen sink. You're putting all of these words in there. But these words may or may not represent the packaging. Okay? So what we're doing is they need to be testably different. So here, this one, the words. I'm not saying the packaging matches that. I'm just saying the concept that they're recommending. Because even this little dinky agency, that's not very good, they still know about concept testing. Right? So they're basically saying natural, which is kind of a substitute for healthy protein and energy. Right? There's kind of three ideas in the benefits. Benefits is supposed to be one thing, right? Just do it. They have three. One sec, my sweet Victoria. So by doing it this way, I'm showing them, which I. Part of my pitch is I showed them on the positioning. That letter that I was showing you, I basically said in a nice way. Your enterprise strategies are not right because one is going into the US that's insane. Like that. Like that's expensive and insane. Two is update the pack. So one is update the packaging. Two is going to the US and then three is cost savings. Well, hello. Right? Like, it's all about growth. They want to go from 7 million to 100 million. And their three enterprise strategies, their strategic plan, key strategies is update the packaging. That's fine. They hired me. They're paying for me. That's okay. Update the positioning and packaging. Launch in the US Is crazy. First it should be to grow in Canada with awareness and trial. And three should be innovation. And then four should be maybe consider, you know, maybe consider going into the US and then if you do maybe you lead with Amazon. They are. But us is very, very expensive. As you and I chat. Right. For my brand. So in my pitch to them, I basically said nicely, you know, your enterprise building blocks are not going to get you to 21 million. You're positioning from your past agencies all over the map. There's literally 25 things in there, and you don't. And then the packaging's awful. Arlene hates the packaging. You know Arlene, right? From Dragon's Den? No, she's a queen. Okay, okay. Do you know Dragons Den? I. I do, yeah. Okay. But didn't watch many episodes. She's the founder of Dragon's Den and she's queen for entrepreneurs in Canada. She's a huge, huge name. Okay. So if you start working on brands that Arlene is on the board or as part of a district venture brands, like, you're going to have, like, we're not going to do any. We're not going to need to do. Same for me. We're not going to need to do any b. To. To be anything. Right. Like, if you do a good job on this one, she's going to recommend you to, like, they have, like, I don't know how many brands. Like, look, this is one of her brands. They just closed 6 million. Okay, let me show you all their brands, so you can go. So Arlene, this is her company, huh? You're saying this will be huge if I do a good job here? Yeah, like, she's the queen in Canada. She's the only. There's only, like, two VCs focus on CPG. And she's one. Like, she's the biggest one. And she's like a queen. She's on the TV every week. Like, that's all of her brands here. Oh, okay. Like, yeah. All of these brands you could immediately get. Yeah, I see. All right. Okay. So, yeah, yeah, I think they've invested in 19 brands. And then she does the accelerator program. They're now at Cohort 18. Every cohort has 20 brands. So every six months she has 20 new brands that are in the cohort. And I'm doing the coaching on marketing for it. Right. So you basically have 20 new clients every six months. Small. And you have big. You have 20 big ones. Right. So let's get this organized. All right, sure. Yeah, let's. Let's do that. Okay. So the one option could be healthier, one could be packed with flavor, one could be fun. So I'm going to not recommend fun. Farmer. Farmer owned. So I'm not Recommending Fun. I'm not recommending. So what's an other positioning idea? Taste and flavor. Oh, yeah, Healthier snack. A third one could be, you know, packed with protein. So some are benefit. This is a benefit. Some are reasons to believe. But these are all valid positionings. Their current one is kind of farmer owned, foreign. I'm not going to recommend energy. Even though they, they put it on the concept, that's not what they're currently doing. Let me just go back to this deck. Okay. So they basically said, look at all these brands. This is their positioning. Okay? Positioning, organic, blah, blah, blah. Real food tastes better, tasty way to snack. Good snacks. Good, good hunger. Nutritionist made. You know, farmer made is kind of like theirs. Okay, so this is a really good deck. Like, Yeah, but it basically all of them are weak. Yeah, all of these brands have weak positioning. Like. They're called like a sea of sameness. Right. No one's really owning beans. Not that we want to own beads. Right. Like, that's what I kind of have to figure out inside. Let me just put that in here, side above. So the, the product focus something. So here the production. Susie, one question. Well, for positioning, is it not like you need to be the kind of the only one in that position? So healthy snacks, there are a ton of them out there, isn't it? Yeah. Well, and healthy snack is probably not, but I'm gonna put it down here, like. In the same way. Taste, for example, there are so many snacks that are tasty. I know, but that's why our job and that's why they hired me is to figure out how do we break out from this sea of sameness. Right. So I'm going to work on this today. Like they're all kind of saying the same thing. And the way you break out of it is a combination of your name and your packaging which should reflect your positioning. So Lovegood Fats did really well because we already know the name really helped. But here we have a problem because their name is not good. Like, and look at these guys. They started with pitos with a freaking animal and then they moved to this. And their new one on pitos is even more, more crazy. So that's why so many brands at Natural Product Expo reposition because they position and it's not working. And then they have to reposition because it's not working. So we're evolving their positioning to be more compelling. But no one's done a good job on beans. And I think we have to figure out. Need to figure out role of the product. I, you know, fava chickpea. Like, we need to figure out, does that go on the front panel or not? And your SEO analysis, let's kind of come back to that. Can really help us with that, because I think we just move to a snack, right? We don't like. These brands have disadvantages, I think, because they call themselves. The reason. Being the Good Bean. They call themselves beans. Pitos. They call themselves pitos. Hippies. They call themselves peas. Yes, Peas. They call themselves peas. Bean. They call themselves bean. Grammy. I don't know. Loopy. Like, cauliflower's a good leaks. These are like, they're calling themselves the product name. Like, that's a little bit like what I want to do with my company. Better company. I want to lead with chocolate protein. I want to lead with the descriptor here. This is a good example where they lead with the descriptor here. Chickpeas. Chickpeas. They have. You have. You know, you have peas. Oh, this is their old packaging. Look, look, look, look. This is their old packaging. Look. So harvest Snapshot. Snaps means, like, it kind of means peas, this one. It can probably mean, you know, snap can be more than peas. But all the brands they're competing against are basically saying, you know, we're a bean. But I don't know if that's. I don't think that that's necessary. Like, you see, they have. The brand name is Good Bean, and then they have a huge fava bean and peas. I think that holds back the potential of the brand. If you want to be a healthy snack, you'd be better off with a name like, you know, so Hem's Healthy Snacks would be a better name. Or way better. Is a better name than Bean. Whatever, whatever. Like a general name. Okay. And here they did the Amazon search. This is like, five years ago. I'll put this deck. Let me copy the stack over right now. So you have it. Sure. This is very interesting for me. I have to take some time to look into these. Yeah, you're learning everything. Like, you got to work overtime. Like, this is. Yeah, true. Okay. Like, you got to catch up on my 30 years. 30 years, yes. So this is their first deck. Okay. But it basically is what I'm. They're. What they did is what I'm kind of doing now, which is like, okay, here's the world. And that's why I wanted to partner with you on Amazon. Because, look, this is what they did five years ago, right? Retail and Amazon. So back then, roasted chickpea. Roasted Lentil and roasted green pea. So they chose to go look at the keywords of roasted chickpea. But why, right? Like why is this page not healthy snacks to your point? Okay, so but they did the work, right? They charge whatever, 20 grand and they did the work. So let's come back to our. We have to figure out what our positioning is going to be. I'm not recommending fun, farmer owned or energy. And your keywords, let's go back to your PowerPoint, Your process. Actually, we're going to put this page in your proposal. The same as, I repeat, always my pages. We're going to put this in. Whoops. Okay, so this is going to be one presentation that I'm going to. No, just one page. C.P. you know, what do you want to call your process? Mine is the four P's process. I just kind of said like unique process is boring. I didn't name but CPG edge. I'll call it for now New client process. Okay, call it the new client process Recap. Okay, so recap of that then the next agenda item. So that's this one. Okay. Just fix the font. Okay, So all of this stuff, like this formatting stuff that I'm wasting time on, like we got to get these tools sorted out. Okay, so, so this is your pitch tomorrow. Okay. Hey, you know, I've prepared a few pages. First I'll just kind of show you like you'll present the other one first and then you'll flip to this one. So you have to blow through the other one in 10 minutes. So we'll come back to that in a sec. Then you're going to present this one. Okay? So when you get to this page and this page, you know, it might, I don't think it would ever go to the board because it's just a supplier in Amazon. So it's not that big of a deal. But my proposals that I showed you obviously went to the board, right? So, okay, you always think about your audience. So in this case, I'm recommending to re include your process because it's so frickin important. Okay. That's why we included. But okay, tomorrow, Friday, you're going to present for 10 minutes your process. And when you get to this page, you're going to say, as you recall, right, as you recall, here's my, my proprietary process. Like where's my line here? Why is this line so high? Oh, I swear it didn't pick up the. Your deck didn't pick up the master. Okay, you're killing me, dude. So process wise, we got to look professional. So we don't have a good master. I don't know what Gamma or whatever we did. Okay. Yeah, they should all be the same. When you introduce a page, it should be the same. Okay. Okay, so tomorrow when you present this Friday, you're just going to skip it, right? Because you, you just reviewed it, but you're going to leave it in the deck because they don't, people don't want to open like three different decks. So you're going to leave it in the deck because it's there. Okay. By the way, oops. Tomorrow's Thursday, right? Yeah, yeah. You're Friday, right? Or is it tomorrow? I'm Thursday tomorrow, so it's tomorrow. Okay, so I'm changing the name to the deck. Okay. I changed the name. Sure. Okay, so let's go, let's go, let's go. Because I'm running out of time. Okay, so. Okay, now we're going to shift gears. All this stuff is really annoying me. Okay, now we're going to shift gears and I've prepared a few pages for you. The objective now is to just share with you some top line families of the cursory review that I did on your Amazon results. And then hopefully in this meeting we'll align to recommendations in order to achieve. Do you want to record me? Actually, let's record me. I'm recording it, it's fine. Oh, you're recording me? I record you. Do you want me to. That's okay. Do you want me to do a record record? No, it's not. Do you want me to do a record record? Okay, but you're, you're recording the video also? Yes. Okay. You have to tell me when you're recording me, by the way. Okay. So let's start over. Okay, so thank you very much. Now we're going to shift gears. The objective of the couple of pages I presented is to just share my top and just present a cursory review of the results and my. And recommendations for discussions in the hopes that we'll work together. So a couple of points. The agenda will be, I'll just, you know, there's a recap of the process. We don't need to go through that, but that's always in all my decks. Then I'm going to just go through some of the key findings, the ad, the keywords, the ad audits, some recommendations. And then I've put together, because Elise was already asking me, by the way, I've put together some options on my pricing models and we can talk through that. We have about 30 minutes left for this. You can ask me questions as we go through. As I did the mini audit, I always use the same process, which is kind of part of this process. And here's some key highlights. Again, you know, I haven't done a deep dive. This is just cursory review, but this is what I kind of found, which I think there'd be benefit to us working together. So one is on the keywords. First and foremost, we should really do a keyword audit, a keyword deep dive to align to what are the strongest keywords to own and to focus on. Because it can go all the way from healthy snacks all the way down to the actual lentils and products. And we. The market may have changed and we've not really, like, I'm not really sure. Do you know which keywords they're trying to own in Canada? Nothing. Almost nothing. But does. Is there a tool that says, like which keywords they're trying to own or do we ask them? Are they bidding on stuff? Well, they have sent me the reports so I can see which search terms they're bidding on. There are some category keywords, but they are not very high search volume. Let's look at it. Many relevant keywords. I can actually send you the report. Probably that will give you a clear no, No, I don't want. No, no, no, no. Your answer cannot be a question and it cannot be. I'm going to send you a file. You look at it. Never, Never, never. I'm a client, right? Like I'm a client to you. So you have to make my life easy. So you never say, I'll send you a file. You go figure it out. That's a big no. No. Okay, sure. Here. Where's their keywords in here, do you think? It's not here. They sent me the reports on email. Okay, but you have to save them in here. Okay, I'll do that. Okay, take two minutes right now because this is keyword. Take two minutes to save the files. These are all basic stuff. So I'm like, files do not live in email. Yeah, no, there is no world that I live on email. So save them in here and then I'm going to open them. I'm just going to eat my snacks here. I'm just going to mute because I'm loud. Let me just mute. Okay, so save, save them there. I'm going to mute myself and then you tell me when. Where are we? Why do I have a meeting called? Wife. Business reports. I will Just upload the files. Just copy them over. Take two minutes to copy them over. I have to eat my snacks. Let me. I just want to mute you. I'm just going to mute. So I'm not chewing. That's not a. Okay, sure. I just want to see which one is where. Do they have keywords? Because I want to find out. Do we say, do we know what keywords they're bidding on? I do. Yes. Pardon? I do know. Okay. Okay. So then let's look at them. So this is what you needed to do. In the deck, here are the keywords you're bidding on. What's your opinion on them? Right. That should be your audit process for new clients. What are you bidding on and are they the right ones? I did that. It's okay. But it's fair for you to charge for that. Right? Like I've always paid for that. Like when I'm meeting an agency, the first thing they say is we're going to look at your keywords and we're going to tell you if you have the right ones. Then I hire them, I pay them, then they do the work. So that's fair, but just high level. If you looked at them, you should have an opinion on them. Sure, yeah, I do. Yeah. Okay, so where's. Just tell me when you've loaded those files. Yes, just one more second and I'll be done. Okay, they are now on the Dropbox folder. Okay, let me sync Amazon already. Amazon US Yeah, Amazon Canada and Amazon US that's where you have to go. This one. The folders. The folders. Oh, okay. Okay. Oh, so, yeah, so some of them were sent to be sent to me by them. And maybe it's better if you just open PPC Metrics. That file. PPC Metrics, the third one. Yeah. Okay. This is. Go to the May Sp. The first tab. The first tab. Then the nomenclature. It just works for me, but it's not really something I present to clients. Yeah. So. So is this. Yes. This is based on their. This is not what they sent. This is my analysis based on the reports that they sent. Okay. So you did this chart? Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so what. What do I do with this chart? You tell me. What do I. What is this chart saying? Why did I open up this chart here? You get to see which. I don't know, the filters maybe. Clear the filters. That will be better. Do you think it will be better if I share my screen? I can then do it. No, I just like, just. There's a chart. So do we include I'm trying to figure out you did work on search. You didn't put it in your PowerPoint. I'm just finding this out. Right. Like your PowerPoint, you need to kind of have the process like your PowerPoint should be. Like, you follow a process to do a mini audit for free, which will then be followed by pay me to do more. There's a process that you use to do that which included pulling this chart, which I didn't know. So now you have to present to the client, which is where I'm coaching you because you're not very good at that at all. Right. Like we're like, it shouldn't like. Right. So I'm coaching you on that, how to present to the client. I just found out you pulled the chart. I'm trying to find out what does this chart say? I said, what are you bidding on? And you said, oh, I pulled it. Go find this file. Well, no, this is. You're presenting to the client. You need to lead the thinking. Don't make the client or me who's representing the client do work. So right now, what did you find out? What words are they bidding on? So, yeah, so. And I don't know how it works, so. Yeah, sure. Let me talk. Let me describe this chart here. So the first column, column A is the search terms. You get to see all the search terms that are getting that we are spending on and how much impression we're getting, how many clicks we're getting, the number of orders and some other metrics here, the cost per click. And what's this? Soham. Yeah. That's awesome. So what's column B? What does one versus two mean? Yeah, yeah. So the column B is search term impression share rank. It compares the number of impressions that you are getting, your brand is getting versus all other brands that are out there. And it's ranking the brands. So, okay, for our. So A, one is good, one is right first. Yeah. Okay. So. So they basically are bidding on chickpeas. And is this how much they're bidding on? Sohan? 39. That's the total spent. That's the total spend in the last 30 days. Okay, what's this here? What's D? That's the number of impressions that they're getting. And the E column is total number of impressions that are available based on column C. Column C, search term impression share percentage out of total available impression, how much they are winning as a brand. So if you. Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait. No, I don't understand. Okay, so they got. So they purchased with $30. They purchased 912 impressions. And what does this mean? 2482. That's the total available impression for these search term on. So okay, so they got like 25% of all available impressions. So with $30 they got 25% of all available impressions. Yeah, here we don't buy impressions, we buy clicks. So. Yeah, but you are right. Okay, so with $30 they bought 900. They got 912 impressions. So it's about 25% of 2400. 2500. They had 46 clicks. They got 13 orders. Yes. Conversion rate. Column L is the conversion rate. Got it, got it, got it, got it, got it. Okay, perfect. Okay, one momento, one momento. I'm just going to format it. So first you don't need all these decimals. So I'm going to take two. So this is perfect. All clients, you should do this. Okay, this is perfect. This is very good. Okay, so you did this report already for them. So very good. I was thinking you were going to charge to do this report, but you actually did it already. Yeah, this is my analysis just to make sure I can do something for them. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Perfect. So that's great. That's awesome. Most of the agencies I've hired like a charge me for this. Okay, wait. Oh, undo. I just want to make this a bit higher. Okay, well, you can fix that. Okay. And you have some hidden rows in here. Do I care about that? Can you please clear the filters? How do I do that? So you have to go to sort and filter on top the menu there on the right, you'll see a Z on the right. Even right. Further right. Yeah. Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie. And clear. And clear. Clear. Yeah. Okay, so now you can see everything. Awesome. Yeah, no, no, that's awesome. Okay, so that I just want to fix. There's too many. Like you don't need all these decimals. What's this here? Okay. Yeah. Why is this So I converted it here. It just got converted. Yes. If you press Control Z for a few transfer, it will be. Okay. Command Z. Yeah. Okay. Oh, okay. It's. Yeah. So formatting is really important because we're talking about presenting to clients. Right. So do you think I should show these files to clients? Yes, yes, yes. That's why the meeting is still going even though we're late. So you have to show off that you're good. Okay. And okay, sure. One sec, one sec. Okay, so for future clients, I just. I'm formatting it for you for future clients. Show this in this format back to me. Okay. This dollar sign I hate. Like we should always do. This should always be currency. Just so you know, like save this one should. Like I'm doing the formatting, but I never want to do that again. Right. Like so you format it this way and then save it forever because hopefully we'll work on a lot of clients together. Just want one decimal for the percentages. We just want one decimal. The currency here has to be currency. So the dollar sign is next to the number and you can center it. Okay, so you did this awesome report. So good work. The one that is also. Okay. Yeah, sure. Let's talk about. Okay, so I'm just going to say. I'm just going to. I'm going to save it as I just did formatting, but I'm just going to save it as for now. Sy. Right. So I'm just going to save it as Sy. So this is mine. So you still have yours, but this is mine. Okay. Now I think we need to. So we need to organ. How should we look at this? So let's sort it based on the dollars. Okay. No, let's sort it based on the ad spend. Can I tell you how I analyze this data? Yeah. Okay, so for them specifically, it's very important to see how the budget is being allocated. They keep saying that they're getting very good return. Right. But out of the total ad sales, which is something around $4,600, if you add up all the branded sales, that's 73% of that. So 3,000 something. So most of the. Wait, wait, wait. No, wait, wait. I need to follow you. So go say that sentence again. So they are spending. So give me the executive summary. They've spent 600 and they spent $678 to get. Yeah, to get 4,000 in sales. Okay. Which may look very good in on paper, but if you look deep into it, 40% of that $678 is being spent on branded keywords. And almost 73% of the revenue, which is 4,073% of 4,600 is coming from branded keywords. So my point here is the only reason the return looks so good is just because of the branded keywords. We are not acronym clients, customers. Okay, got it. Paused. Got it. So you need to have put this in your PowerPoint already. This should have been there like already. Right? So that's conclusion number one. That's key finding number one. Do you have other key findings? Because we're going to go update your PowerPoint in a sec. Do you have other key findings? Yes. And there's a page on PowerPoint if you go to the Add audit page. I have written some of this down. Those are my findings. Scroll down a little bit more, please. Yeah, this one, this is where I have written down all those things, you see. So now on the same note, if I look at the other keywords that are not branded keywords, there are some that we are bidding on, but there are so many more that we are missing out on. We are not at all bidding even a penny on them. So that's why I said that not enough spend on which ones? The ones that we mentioned there in the sixth slide. The ones that we have. Those are some examples. But we can look deeper into all those keywords. So Soham, you have like, you have to help your audience understand what you're saying and what it means so that like you're. If you're going to do an audit, like, you kind of like, look what I did here. Key findings indicated action. Right? Like you. Like, this is just a dump. I didn't even know what to do with this page. So. So first of all, okay, keyword and ad audit. So like you gotta organize this. Like, like, I don't know what to do with this. And I. What is this yellow? I don't even know what to do. AV sync. I know, but your deck has to talk to the client. Like, these are sophisticated clients. Like, they're a small company, but they're same background as me. Like, none of this makes sense. So key finding number one. Like, look, I did key findings. 1, 2, 3, 4 in a box. Key finding number one. I'm going to put a box in here. Like, I don't even know what to do with this. Right? This is not a good PowerPoint page at all. So like, like we just. How you. I don't. We're not getting to the content. So there's style, format and content. We're not getting together to the content. Because I don't even know what you're thinking because we can't even get to it. Okay, so let's still go here. Yeah. And so these are the key findings. And then the so what? Right? Indicated actions. All these videos that you're watching, we're watching or exchange, it's all the same thing. Your job is to make it easy for your client to understand what you're saying. Like, so what? Like what, you just make a statement and then, then we're left with the statement. We don't know what to do. So there's so many that you're missing which ones. Right. You have to do that extra 5% because the audience will understand you. If you say we're missing these five, if you just say there's so many that are missing, then you're forcing the client to say which one and it messes everything up. All of this has to be written, written, written, written. Okay, so key finding number ones is 144% of the spend is on brand and keywords. How can that be? That is 44%. Okay. 44% of the total monthly Amazon spend is on keywords. Branded keywords. Branded keywords. Yes. Just the three partners for the. It cures them. Yet. Yet 73% of the ad sales are on branded. Okay, so what, like why, what ratios? Why is this not a good thing? What does that mean? I wouldn't say. I didn't see yet. It's. And 73% of the sales is from branded keywords. And what it implies is the reason the ROAS is that good on paper is because we are tracking 73% of the advertisement sales from branded keywords. That's why it looks good. But ultimately it's not doing any good for you because you're not acquiring customers on Amazon. That's what is happening. So you're not acquiring. Not acquiring new customers. So it's mostly repeat. Now, where's the repeat rate? How can we prove what you just said? Where's the repeat rate? Right, like you need to put the percentage in here. Right? Like everything you say you have to. Yeah, but just back it up. Right, so like, I don't have that data, Suzy. So that's a different analysis. Okay, but you can. Okay, so you can say xx and then can they provide you that data or if they hire you. Yes, if they hire me, then we can do the analysis. Okay, perfect. So then you say that, right? Like when you're presenting, like, you have to present with all of this. Like right now we're spending two and a half hours for me to pull stuff from you. All of this should not be pulled. Like, it should literally be, you know, an hour on your proposal. And I'm looking at it like the client and I just ask you some basic questions. So. So number one is so you'll have the formats now and you have to value these formats. So first we're going to put a dump. Okay, so what are the other findings? So first we're going to put a page. But let me just put the page there in a sec. Okay, so this is Going to be keywords Canada. Okay, we'll just show them an example. But is this the right formatting of this? Like, can't we organize it by ad spend? Can I just sort it by ad spend? You can, yeah. Filter. Apply a filter and then you can do that. So how do I do that? So show me filter there. Yeah, Here, turn on the filter. Yes, I click on it. Yeah, click on that and. And then click on the Z. Then I go here. Yes, click on that filter and then click on descending. Order the sort. Descending. The first option. Yeah, Descending. Yeah. Oh, okay. So you have to do one more thing here. You see all those options? Select all, all the numbers. If you scroll down, just uncheck 0 or blank. Scroll down to the bottom. Yeah. Uncheck blanks. Yeah. Okay, perfect. Yeah, sorry, I don't know how to do this. Okay, so I'm going to take pictures here of this actually. So now I'm making it easy for the audience to show that I did a little analysis for free for them. Which tool did you use for this? I just. This is my one tool. I created it on Excel. But you don't. Do you act? Do you have access to tools? Yeah, I do have helium 10 and all. And this is based on their reports, the reports that they sent me. I just manipulated the data and this is how it looks like. Okay, so for the future, just look at the decimals and how we formatted this. Right? Like save this. Like formatting format, style and content. Content is what's in your head indicated actions. Format is how you make it easy for the audience to look at what AV Singh. To look at what? The visuals of what you're saying. And style is how you write. Oh, wait, why is lentil snacks here? How come it puts lentil snacks in here? It's for all kind of. It's for their overall account, not product specific. I can also do product specific, but that's not the case here. Okay, question. I wanted to sort this on dollars. Why is 17. Why is this not sorted on dollars? But you. I want to sort this on dollars. Pardon? Yes. You did that for ad spend. Okay. This is at sales column. Oh, sorry. I'm sorry. Okay, never mind. Okay, never mind. Good. Okay, never mind. Good, good. Okay, perfect. Sorry. Getting tired and my tummy is like killing me and I have to go into this stupid swim thing. Okay. Yeah, so, yeah, but like we have to finish this. But it's taking more time. Yeah, but all of this. Soham, if you forget this for our next meeting, I'm Literally gonna kill you. Like, I'm not going to work with, I'm not going to work with you anymore, right? Like, it's just. So I'm investing. Okay, so this is AdWords Canada. You can do the same for AdWords US. Okay, so what we basically say is we put this chart here and we say, you know, AdWords Canada. And then we say. So basically you say, you know, hey, I've just manipulated the data you give me, blah, blah, blah. So now you kind of need to put like, little things here. So you put this and you format this, right? You lead the thinking. Like, your job is to present the key findings and the so what? The so what? The so what? Like, what does this mean? What does this mean? Why do I care? What does this mean? Why do I care? It's always the same thing, right? Whether you're doing a TV ad or you're selling a car or you're selling your services. So what? What does it mean? Okay, so here, Okay, where's the 44% number? Approximately? Here, Maybe that filter. No, I had to apply different filters. But you can show. But you get the idea, right? Like, yeah, you, you're spending, you know, 44% to drive, you know, and then let's just write it here. But you get the, the point is, I get that, like, These are decks 101, right? Like, I learned this 30 years ago when we had acetate. So 44 of the ad span drove 74% of the sales. Right? Okay, just check that the numbers are correct. So just. And put the, like, put the, put the thing at the right place. Okay, so that's this. So why does this have a 10 ROAS and a 7 ROAS? What's that all about? Is that opportunity? Yes. Is that opportunity? Is that good or not? Well, it depends. So let's take a look at those two keywords. No, those two are not really good opportunities because first of all, they don't have much search volume and we are already winning a majority. Like, the impression share percentage is really high. So I wouldn't say we can. Those are good opportunities because we cannot spend more money on them. Okay, what's the key finding on those two things? Say it in a different way so I understand it. So what do I. What, what do we do with fava beans? Is this fava beans? No, the 103 is real. De Camellia, Quebec. Yeah. So is that good or not? Like, I don't put that in my analysis, but I'll just tell you what I, what I understand from them. It's because they are already winning so much of the total impressions available. If you see for that French keyword, we have 77% win rate impression share, so we cannot win more than that. And also the total number of impressions is just 31. So there is no way you can spend more money on that. There is no importance of that keyword. Basically. Okay, what about the 77 on Favabee? Even on that one, if you see the total number of impressions that are available is just 101, it will not drive any significant changes. Okay, so if you want me to. We should be focused up here. Right. So what about this guy here? 16,000. Yeah, let's take a look at that one. That's for dogs. But we are not. We are. That's not relevant for us. Why not? Because it's for dogs. Are you trying to position any of our products for dogs? No, but if we should be feeding this oil to dogs. Okay, we can try. What about this cooking oil here? So what's a good number for ad impressions? Is it a thousand or is it ten thousand side? Yeah, thousand is also. Can be a good one, but it's very small. I'd say 10,000 is quite significant. You can even see 100,000, 200,000 to level impressions. Those are much more high search volume. Okay, so the highest ones here is they have 11,000. Right. Which is branded. Branded. And they own already 61% of fava beans. They own 36% of chickpeas and they own 82% of. So other than this dog one. Yeah. And the cooking oil one. Oh, what's this. Is. I wonder if this oil is a truffle oil. So basically the finding here is. The finding here. Keywords Canada, 44%. So what's the kind of implication is what's the implication based more on category keywords, not the brand. Pardon? They need to invest more. More on category keywords. Yep, yeah, yep, yep. That's the implications. So implications. Yep. So key finding. So should you look into, look into select. So there are, there are. There are select high impression keywords such as cat. What is it? Caramela for dogs. What's the. What's the thing called caramela for dogs? The oil. I don't remember the name of the oil. Camel. Camellia. Camellia for dogs. Yeah. So there are select high keywords such as cara, mila for dogs. Whatever. I'll correct Truffle. How do you spell it? T, R, U, double F, L, E. Caramela here. Yeah, I'll correct that. Suzy, don't worry about that. Yeah, yeah. Into. So here. So look. Look at select niche keywords and then expand. So what are you saying? Expand to higher impression keywords. Right? Huh? Yes. To grow. Right. What does this mean? Snack to go, 1.1%. What does that mean? Okay, that's. We are talking about the budget allocation. So if I take a look at their budget allocation, which is another document. You can also open that one. Yep. It's on the draw. No, it's. Okay. Yeah. Wait, wait, wait, wait. So with. Okay, just. You cannot answer for me to go open up a chart. You have to answer with an actual answer. Okay, so why. No, I'm doing this because we are just collaborating on this. That's why. Okay, I know, I know. But, like, now I'm kind of. Enough coaching. Like, you have to answer. So we got to get this deck done. So why is this key finding on this page here? So why is snack to go? What is this? There's no verb. Like, I don't know what to do with this. So what did you mean with this? There's a reason it's there. Yes. So we are not spending enough on ads. That's what I mean. Okay, so, Okay, critical. Critical keywords for the snack pack. Where is it? Snack to go or snack pack? Snack. Snack to go. That's the percentage of revenue that we're spending on that ads. It's a little bit higher than that, but anyway. Yeah, yeah. Increase the ad spend to test. Right. So you don't need me to do this. It's like, hey, like, you know, there's a critical keyword for keyword of snack pack or snack to go Ad spend on crit. You know, critical keywords of snack pack, snack to go is only 1%. Okay. So that's the finding. You found this out. Okay, what does it mean? Well, increase it to test it. Right. You don't need me for this. Like, I'm spending all this time because I got to read your brain. I don't want to read your brain. What's this here? Poor ad campaign. What's that? Okay, okay, so, all right, first of all, before I go there, I was going to suggest that they allocate 10 to 15% of their revenue on ads, which may be too much for them. So how do you want me to talk about that? Okay. No, that's important. Let's add. Okay, that's good. Let's do that. So. That could be in the third point, because I said it's just one person that they're spending and I suggested increase ad spend. I was going to suggest. Yeah, to 15 to 20. But this is an overall. Let's do an overall one. So ad spend averages what, like just do the big picture average. 68%. That's what they're spending right now. And that's excluding the fees, right? Like that's just like of the revenue. Yes, that's just their fees. Right. And that's for which period that you look at? For the 30 days. Last 30 days. Okay, so you have to do year to date. Right. You don't make conclusions to a client based on one month. That's just a basic. These are all basic things. Right. So just do year to date. I don't have that date. Can you pull the year. You don't have year to date. No. And also we cannot pull that data for ad spend. It's a bit difficult. So I need access to that account and I need to do that. Okay. Okay. Okay, that's. Okay. So past 30 days. Okay, so it's only. So how much is it? It's the $468. Right. 600 something. 668. 678. So. So why don't we kind of say, you know, so it's very low review year to date and recommend ad spend. So what are you recommending? It's usually in the 10 to 15% range. Right, that's what Matt's recommending too. For growth phase. It could be even high up to 20% if you really want to grow 20, 25%. I'll say for the first, let's say three to six months and then we can slowly get back to maybe 15 to 20% range. So basically it's like, of course your ROAS is good because you're only bidding on keywords, right? So like, you're only spending 2.7%. What are their ad. What are their agency fees? Did you find what they're. Do you find the document that showed their agency fees, how much they're paying? I didn't see that in the document she showed. I think it was in a board deck. Probably it was a PowerPoint. Okay, so they're spending $678 a month. And you said the agency is 35% of the ad spend, which is very, very low. So that's why I was thinking, well, if they're spending this low and paying this much to their agency, they will be surprised when they. When I say that spend this much and my fees. This. You have to. Your sentences have to help me understand what you're saying. So is it a big number or a small number? Big number. My number is big. Okay. So when I talk to you, I, or any client, I always have numbers. Right. I, I put it in context so that my client can understand. So they're spending 678 plus 35%. So plus, you know, $400 in agency fees to get, to drive. To drive 4700. In sales. Okay, so where's this 2.7% come out of? It's the total revenue when we look at. It's 2.7. So 678 is 2.7% of the overall revenue, which is about 20,000 something. So when we look at Amazon ads, we need to think in terms of the overall revenue versus ad spend, not just the ad revenue. Probably that's how they have been thinking so far. Well, they've been sending, they've been. The way they've been thinking about it is we sell, we spend 678 to drive 20,000. Can you get me the exact number? Do you have the exact number here? 20,000. Do you know where that is? So this is how they're thinking about it. We're spending 678 to get 20,000. Okay. And that, so that's, Isn't that a good. Well, yes, it's a very good number on paper, but you are not growing enough. Yeah. They may also say, well, our snacks to go has grown doubled in a year. But I think even that is not enough given what your potentials are. So anyway, in the last 30 days they did about 20,590. $. 20,000. How much? 590. So I'm worried that your, your audit process is, is really not client friendly right now. So I'm not, you know, you're not able to kind of just do like a simple couple of hours and summarize it in a way that the client, like this is me who did all this. But I don't even know what this is. Right, Right. Like I spent two hours with you on this two Sundays ago. Now I spent another two hours. Like, Like, I mean, I don't, like, you need to fix this before you chase new clients because I, I can't even recommend you to clients the way it is now. Right. I've spent five hours at my rate to just pull teeth. And I don't even know if we have the right findings. We're not even ready yet. So how about like you do this for a living, right? Like you need to be able these pages, you should have Done by yourself. And say, like, you know, this is my process. So here's step one. You know, I'm doing an audit. Like, page one on the audit, page two. And it's got to start big picture, right? Like, we're missing the big picture, which is here, Amazon growth and Ad spend. Right. Like, where is there a chart? Like, they think they're doing great. So where is there a chart, a scorecard chart that would summarize, like, their board charts. Is it this? They had, like, board charts that Brittany showed. Like, did you see bar charts anywhere here? Right. Is this their kind of key reports? Yeah, this is something that you have. And then the file that Elysio sent me, they also have a breakdown of what they are doing. Which one? In here? Where is that? Just show me a summary chart. Like, what. What's a good one to look at? Summary chart. Okay, hold on. Let me do this. Do they have, like. Do you know which summary one they have in here? Yes. Can you find a report called Ecom Reporting or can I share my screen? Oh, yeah. No, no. I just want to find it. This one? Yes. Because we're out of time now. Yes, I understand. Sorry. How come this one doesn't open? Oh, okay. So we have it open already. It looks like we have it open. How do I go see where the files are? How do I go see where files are open? It's open already. How do I see which Excel files are open? Yeah, can I. Can I share my screen? Suzy, that will probably be. Yeah, but I need to finish this deck. So, like. Okay, like. Like that. That doesn't work. And, like, we need to finish the deck. Sure. Can I send you the file? Oh, no, you have. You can just candle it. One sec. Let me just. I don't know why, like, where. Why can't I put this here? This one? No, no, not this one. This one. This one. Okay, so. But I thought they had bar charts. No, they have numbers. Okay. Okay. If we go to, let's say, overview. We'll have to try a few ones. Overview. Canada. Probably not that one. Okay, let's see. I think is the last two where you get to see the numbers. Monthly numbers for every product. Last two, so cat AC in unit cells. That one here. You also get to see some charts here. So what? Like. Like, I don't know. I want to do all this work. Like, I don't want to do the work of analyzing their Amazon. I'm bringing you in. What's the summary like? What's the summary of the Amazon like What? Where do I look at this? So 286. Are they growing? Yes, they are growing. Like, 233. Growth is primarily. Growth is primarily driven. Okay, they're not growing. If you let me say this. They are growing for. Because of the variety. Like the snacks to go. That has almost doubled in a year. And you can see that if you go to ca Asin unit sales page. And also. Suzy, I don't want you to do this. I will do this. I know the meeting's tomorrow. Like, this is a mess. Like, you can't. Like this. Like, like, you can't just. I did this. Which I don't even know is right. You did this dump. Which I don't even know what you do with that. Like, I get the idea, Susie. So the only reason I'm having a bit of difficulty here is I'm trying to understand your concepts and also trying to. You just did an audit. You've been doing this for six years. Like, yeah. What did all of these excels tell you? Summarize it. Like, sure, I'll do that. Where are we? We're in the weeds of like. Like, we're in the weeds of like, I don't even know what to draw from. Conclusion. Like, big picture, we have to have. Like, what are they doing? So what? Like, I tried to pull this out of you two week. Like, what are they doing? But we're missing the big picture. So what. What are they spending? And is it good? Are they growing or they're not growing? So here they're declining. No, that's 20, 23. The one on the left. Okay, they're growing. Yes. Okay, so they're growing. They're growing because of snacks. Oil is declining. And where's this. Where's the value pack? You said, where's the go. If you want to see the breakdown, you have to go to the last tab. Casin unit cells. That one. Okay, so big picture, they're growing a tiny little bit. What's this percentage here? This divide by this. So they were forecast to grow 37% and they're growing 5%. Okay. Is that because we're missing December? Is it because we're missing. Did we miss a month here? I think so, yes. Where's on hide here? So here you're missing December. And here you have December. Okay, so they're going to hit their. Once they. Once they hit December, they're going to be 3:12. Okay. They're still going to miss it. Whatever they came up with on December. Do you have their December number. No, I mean, they just gave me the Amazon US Number after I requested. Anyway. All right, Suzy, I get the concept. An expert comes in and says, I've taken two hours to look at your business and this is what I found. Right? Like, so first, are you growing and how much are you spending? Right, like, so we're missing that. Like, are you growing and how much are you spending? So, like, and is it a good spend? Right, like, we're like, we're five hours in, you and I. And like, I don't, like, we don't even have this. We don't even have like executive summary yet. And you have like, literally 20 charts to look at. So, like, what do these 20 charts say? But forest from the trees. Like, overall. So Charlie, Charlie. Hey, Charlie, leave your sister. So what's overall is we can't even do year to date growth. 257. So they're at two divided by. So they grew 5% from these numbers? Yes. What's their year to date? They're growing 11% versus 137 budget. Right. So you just start big picture, right? Like, hey, you know, you hit 286. You use numbers. They have you screenshot which is equal to plus 11% versus year ago against budget of plus 237. Of 137%. Right. So they're not hitting budget. Right. So you're not hitting budget. Right. You start there. Okay. And then adspan. Ad spend is low at. Where's ad spend here? Is it in here? Oh, here, Right. No. Where's adspace been? You can get it from here. Should be able to get it from here. But I didn't take a look at this year to date data here. Oh, there, there on row 19 here? Yes. 11,000. Yes. 11.8 thousand. We didn't get that number from there. Okay, which is what? Let's calculate. That's 4.12%. Okay. Just one decimal. Okay, so you start here. You start with this. So let's. You start with big picture and then do the exact same chart. Do the exact same chart, the exact same numbers. Go fill that out for us. Okay, so this is Canada. I just got it. These backgrounds are bugging me. I don't know how to do the. This is Canada. You just got to fix the backgrounds a little bit and then do the exact same thing for the US Just fill in the blanks for us. Okay, so. So first thing is. And then what you do. Let's go here. So let's go back and hide. Oh, we don't need to hide. Okay, so you take a screenshot of this. Okay. So what's this organic thing? Is that like a good thing? Organic, 29%. Is that good? 70 with 72% of the orders are organic. Right. So they're basically not doing. That's too high. Yeah, because they're not doing any ads. Right. So do this chart and then where's the US chart? Of the same. The same. Same chart. Is this one the next one? No, this one. Okay, so do like. So you do executive summaries, right? So this and this. You do two things. Where's the organic thing on this one? It's 67%. 67. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So you basically start like big picture. Like you're a new consultant coming in. So you do what, like what math would do and kind of say high level. Is this good or bad? Right? You like, your job is to kind of provide high level. Like that's why you have consultants, like versus internal people. So here, Amazon, like there's not even growth. Amazon. Amazon sales are. Amazon revenue is. What is the percentage of Canadian revenue? Do we know what their Canadian revenue is? 6 million. I don't know that. Yeah, so 300,000. So 300,000 on Amazon divided by, let's say 6 million 5%. Amazon revenues are small at. Should I mention that? I supposed to know? I'm mentioning it. No, it's okay. How I helped you it. And then whatever. We don't know what the US Is, right. Due to very low span. We said, you know, 4%. And what's the other big problem is? So one is they're not spending enough and two is what? The content. The content. Okay, so now you've done an executive summary page, right? So it's due to two big problems. One is very low spend and two is content. So now your proposal would come back to say, if you want to grow, I will address these two things for you. Yes. And growing. Plus 11% versus budget of 37%. Okay, so they're missing budget. Right. Because of these two issues. So that's how you like that's how you present to me. Because remember, I'm your client. Right. I'm trying to you tell me what you're finding out on Amazon. I'll tell you what I'm finding out on, you know, brand positioning. And the keywords are really key. Like the keywords will help our brand positioning exercise. So we're going to hopefully work together in the next month. Right. So the first thing you say is like, look, overall the revenue in Canada Avenue Canada revenues are small at 5% of the mix and growing only 11% versus a budget at 37 due to two things. You know, the very low ad spend and you back it up. Right. Like I never make statements without numbers, if you notice how I talk. Right. And I give you shit when you don't answer that way. Right. Like you to your audience. But I was trained like this like literally 31 years ago. Right. At P and G. Like you can't write anything down. This is a sentence that that's acceptable. All these other sentences that don't have the numbers are not acceptable. Okay. So high level, you know, there's tremendous potential. So you know, indicated action test improved. Had improved content and higher ad span to gauge roas. Right. So that's the first thing. So they're basically spending how much on. So how much are they spending in a year? They're spending 11,000 something. Yeah. So 20,000. Right. So they spend 20,000 on an agency. So let's just put this here. Total ad spend. Total ad spend is 20k plus 35% of that. How much did I say? 35%. Right. 35% in ad fees. So plus 10? Yeah, plus 10k in fees. Right. So they're spending 30,000 plus 10k in ad fees to basically just kind of get repeat volume. Right? Yes. So you. Right. So that's kind of the big issue. Okay. So let's leave that at this. Is there a chart? So we put the charts here. If there's another chart, you can put it here. But all you want is. This is the same title. You don't usually have two pages with. So it's okay. But you're not growing and you're not spending on the right stuff and you have a whole bunch of content stuff now if you dive into. So this is. Green is one level up here, blue is a little bit, you know, One level into the weeds a little bit. Well, we don't like you're bidding and all. So you're bidding on Branded is where we are kind of saying, right? Yes. But you're not bidding on any of these. Yep. So what do I do with this here? So is this. These are current talking points. Okay. So I don't know what to do with that. We spent two hours on this already. So I'm not going to read. We're not going to redo everything. Okay. So by now they're going to run out of steam. So I think. So here it's just an example. So key word analysis needed okay, so what we're saying is they need to hire you to do a proper keyword analysis example. To understand higher impression keywords to bid on. So you basically have to do analysis for you to come back and recommend which one should they bid on. Right? Yeah, we just know that they're bidding on low ones. Yes. And by the way, what was this thing here? I don't even know what to do with this. It's more technical. It's about their ad structure, how they're doing it right now. So I have also done another analysis on that and I was going to say poor campaign structure. ASIN and match type. Everything's commingled in the same ad group and campaign makes it difficult to set clear objectives and work towards the desired. Okay, so you, you have zero ability right now to communicate to your client. So in a way that makes you both look good, but that they understand what you're saying. So like, what does this mean? So like, what is the key finding? What is the indicated action? And then show the proof point with a visual. And it has to make sense, Right? Like ad structure is poor. What's that? What's the headline? Ad structure is poor. Yeah, poor. Mm. Because. Okay, why? Because in the same ad group, they're advertising multiple ASINs and they have also mixed up the match types. Okay. Okay, say that again. Poor ad campaign structure as in same ad group. Say that again. Because in the same ad group they are advertising multiple ASINs, different products and also they're using. They have mixed up the match types. Okay, Just. They. Yeah, multiple. I don't understand all the words. Like, okay, like, sorry, just I need to type it. But you have an accent and you say these words and you say it fast. Like I like poor ad structure as. Okay, in the same as. Problem one is in the same ad group. What is. They're advertising multiple products. Multiple ASINs. Okay, that's point number one. Yes. And the second point is they have also mixed up the match types. Okay, what is it? Match type. Match types. Yes. Yeah. Okay, so this is how you have to communicate, right? Like your answer to me in words like. Like when you're speaking has to be like this and then you just write it, right? Like that's how like, if not, no one can understand, like most of the stuff you were saying at the master class, like, the other guy was a disaster. But like, I don't think, like, I don't think many unders understood you more. Right? Like you have to talk in a way that the audience and you have Three really smart women, like me, and the other two women, like, like, explain it to us in a way that works. So let's see. Okay, so this is just examples. Now, what would you do if they hire you? So there's enough examples here to say they should hire you. What should they hire you for? And then the formatting and all, that's a disaster. Right? Like that can't. Like, you have to get better at that. Okay, wait, wait. So this goes up higher. One sec. Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait. So let's put. Let's put this right here. Okay, so big picture, you're basically not doing anything. If you want to do something, then let's look at it. There's opportunities everywhere. Oh, by the way, just on the keywords, you know, 44% is 74% of the sales. So. And that's this last page. So what do you say we should do here for the, you know, adjust the campaigns. Right. So fix the campaigns. They need a proper campaign strategy structure. Yeah. Okay, so that's good. So this little agency that's charging $10,000, they should give that $10,000 to you, right? Yeah. Okay, so now basically you're bidding for $10,000. Okay. So you've shown all this. So this kind of flows so far, right? Like, this flows very well. Now what do you do about it? So this is what I'm going to do for them. This is what I'm proposing. Yeah. So what you would recommend to first fix the current ads. Right. Then improve the listings for the snacks. Then fix the buy box on the snacks. Right. On which one again? The buy box is on the snacks to go. Yes, they know that. They know that. They know they have that. Like, they're like, oh, my God. But then wouldn't you recommend tests, increasing ad spend? Yeah, that's actually one of the points in this first one. Okay, but let's remove it. Let's remove it. So, Okay, here I just want you to fix the current ads with the current budget. Let's keep it at two things. Okay. So they hire you. They basically take that 10,000 and give it to you. Right? Like the current budget of 20,000. Right. They basically take the agency, the 10,000 they're paying to the agency. They pay you instead. Okay. And because that's how, like, they don't know if you're any good. Right. Okay, so what would you do to fix the current ads? You would do all the stuff we've talked about, right? Improve. So would it be creative or just. It would be kind of Both more form, like more of a keyword research and then. Yeah, implementing a better campaign strategy. And also we'll need a little bit more budget compared to what we're doing right now. Okay, with. With test budget. So how much do you need of your test budget over the 20,000? 10. 1 per month. 1,000 per month. Well, in terms of percentage, if we talk about if we just want to go to 10% of the revenue that will be in Canada, about 2,500 or $2,000. 2,000. 2,500amonth just for Canada for three months, right? Yes. Okay, so. So strategy one is spend. Hire you instead of them spend an extra 6,000 plus pay you. You'll do keyword research. You'll need improved creative. So what are you going to do? Like do you knew like new. New creative. Current and new creative. Yeah, that's the second point. The listing improvement, content and SEO. That's the second point. Yeah, but I'm talking about ads. This bucket here is ads. This bucket here is. Okay, just answer the question. Right. These are ads. So this is strategy one. This is your ads. This is strategy two. It's called content. Don't mix them up. Right. Like you're mixing everything up. And it's. It's hard for me to follow. One is with the current. You're asking to increase the budget from $700 to. To. You're asking to triple the budget to go to 2,000amonth for three months. You're going to do some keyword research. My question to you is, do you creative? Like what else? Like for now? No, for the first three months. I don't know. Current creative. So you have creative. And you're just going to be test and learn. Okay, so make the words like this is what you're going to do if they hire you to improve the current ads in Canada and the U.S. this 2000 is for Canada. Yes. And how much is the US we can go up to 10% even there. And Suzy, if I may say, probably you can focus on Canada first because budget increasing budget by that much maybe if that is not feasible. Yeah, yeah. Okay. So you see how this basically we don't need me to pull this out of you. Like your pages, your words need to say the right stuff. So one, I'm asking you client to hire me. And the first thing I would do is I would take your current campaign. I would focus in Canada. I'll do key research. I'll look at the current creative. You know, maybe minor tweaks, you know, minor edits to the copy or the visuals. We'll test and learn with that. And we recommend that the budget goes with budget of 10% of Rev, which means about plus 2,000 per month for three months. So $6,000. Right. So your audience now doesn't have to ask you 25 questions like, what are you saying? What do you mean? What are you saying? What do you recommend? What do you mean? What do you want me do? What are you recommending? All your audience wants to know is what are you recommending to do? How much it'll cost? Like the five whys. What are you recommending? Why? Okay, we've established the why. How's it going to work? How much is going to cost? When am I going to see results? And what are going to be results? Right? Like just the basics, business 101 business stuff. So you're recommending to improve the current ads, then in parallel, you're going to improve the current listings. That's right. Oh, shit. I'm supposed to be at the beach in 10 minutes. Okay, so you're supposed to improve the current listings. So can you fix this? Like, just. And then what's your fee and what's their fee? Right, so you put a summary here. So put a summary chart here of like current recommended and then put, you know, fees, like blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And then ad spend and then anything else. Like, you know, create assets. Right? Like, I don't know, like, what you're recommending. Like, just put a summary chart of what you're recommending so that like, someone like me or them can look at saying, this agency's coming in and recommending, you know, they go right to page 12. That's what everyone does in business. Like, what are you recommending? Let's say that I believe the first 10 pages. What are you recommending? Okay, they want to know, like, take it, like to the next level. Like, what are you saying? How much is going to cost me? Do I think it's going to work? Do I trust this guy? And then you listen in the meeting and then you're like, okay, this is your pay page. Like, I, you know, I believe this guy or I don't believe this guy. I'm going to give him my money or I'm not going to give him my money. Right. So like, update this page. Sure. And I'll just. This is like your menu, right? This is your menu of everything. But I don't know what to do with this. Like, this is. We'll just do exhibits here. Like, this is Kind of a, like, like a menu. I like. I don't want a menu. I don't want to work. Right. I've spent six hours of work. I don't want to work. You make it easy for me. I don't want to do the work to understand what you're recommending. You tell me what you're recommending, and my brain is going to be on analyzing it. Well, I'll do that. So, yeah, so here you're saying $600. So tell me what your fees are to do these four things. These five things, right? Like, where's number four? We said we're going to do another one, which is, you know, after that we're going to do a fourth one further increase budget. Increase budget. So just say what number four is. So one is, I'll do this. So how much is it going to cost to do step one? How much is it going to cost to do step two? How much is it going to cost to do step three? How much going to stop to do step four? Like, just do a chart. Like, you have four steps. And maybe you just do this. Maybe it's this. Like, what are they currently spending here in step 1, 2, 3, 4. Right? Maybe you put it this way. This is what you're currently doing. And then like, this is step one, two, three, four. Step one, two, just make it easy. Three, I'm going to be late for my thing. Three and then four. So what are they currently spending? And then what do you recommend? And what you recommend should be both fees and ads. In step two is your fees. In step three is your fees and whatever else. And step four is your fees and the ad budget and content. Right? Like you tell us if they sign on with you, if they sign on with you to do step one, which is here, right? Like, just fix this chart now. Just put it in charts. So step one, step two, step three, And then step four. One, two, three, four. Okay, so you put it in a chart, put the chart green. This is what you're recommending. So your audience, like, they're not going to have more than like an hour for you. So your goal is hire me. This is what it's going to cost. Total at the bottom, right? Like step three and then step four, and then total. This is what it's going to cost. And like, don't worry about step four because, like, you can put, you can put like. But you can put a subtotal, right? This is what it's going to cost. And then they're probably going to Ask like what would you get out of it? Right? So you have to be prepared to think about if they spend this amount of money with you. And you know, forget step four for now, but step one, two, three, if they spend and just fix the formatting. If they do this, what they're currently spending is 30,000. Right? They're currently spending 30k. So 20k plus 10 for Canada and then for the U.S. right, Canada you're doing this and U.S. you're doing whatever. What are they doing for the U.S. and then what are you recommending? Right. So, and then what are here, they're doing nothing here they're not doing anything. And okay, so current is just this. So you're spending this, whatever it is and what do you recommend? And then be prepared to talk about what you would get. So fix all of this stuff because the formatting is awful. But we need to regroup. Like I'm going to call you back at. I have a 3:30 meeting. I'm going to call you back at 3:15. I need to see this page like done. Right? Because if you can't do this page then you can't do the work. Yes. Okay, right. Like this is a summary of the work. So if you can't do this page, there's no way you can do the work. And we should also rebook the meeting because this is what you're doing, right? Like this is what you're recommending to do. So you gotta be able to articulate what you're gonna do in one page. Like off the six hours we spent together. I'm asking you one page update, one page in a way that I can open up the page at 3 because I have a 3:30 or 3:15 probably. And I can understand what you're recommending to do for them because I'm kind of endorsing you right now. I don't want to endorse you because I don't even know what you're recommending. It's taken me three hours to understand what you're recommending. Right. So that's not. We don't. That, that can't happen. Okay, So I gotta go. Yeah. Because I'm late for my cold dip. So I'll, I'll call you. Send me a meeting invite for 3:15. But I'll be back hopefully before that. I'll be back at 2:45. Hopefully I'm a bit late. And then I'll call you as soon as I'm on my way, I'll text you and we can start but all I need is that page 12. Okay. All right. Thank you so much, Suzy, for your time.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: And you, you, you have a process with a smart marketer like me kind of saying strategic. Like you balance strategy with consumer input. Consumers only respond to stimuli. Consumers, you know, you can't just say, hey, come up with the brand. To me, you present them stimuli. So the first step we're doing is to try to figure out the positioning. The keyword analysis will help figure out the positioning. So I think,

Speaker B: okay, I get that. So it needs to flow in a way when I'm presenting. Why am I saying that? Okay, I get that. So in that case, probably, if, if we talk about the keywords, probably it's also worth it to mention the searches, the number of searches. That kind of.

Speaker A: Yeah. So where is, where's that page on the search? Where's that?

Speaker B: I didn't keep that. But you know what? Let me.

Speaker A: That's the most important. Yeah, that's here. Like, let me just. So the most. If you think about it, the flow of all your audits should be, you know, in this category that you're in. Let me look at the keywords and compare it to what the brand currently has identified as keywords, because that's the first thing to make a recommendation. Then once we sign off, like, I would literally have an Excel with keywords and I would put my signature on it. Once we sign off on the keywords, then. Then we have to rearrange the content. Right? Like. Cause we decide we're going to own, you know, healthy snack or in weight loss. You know, no one can own weight loss, even Weight Watchers. We didn't try to own weight loss because. Because it was too expensive. Then the content, we have to have the images lined up.

Speaker B: Right. That will need a bit of deeper research. Probably we'll do that after we start working because, I mean, which keywords we can own. We need to look at the data and all.

Speaker A: Yeah, but, but your, your proposal is to say, like the same as I just showed you, my process to turn around a business and get roi. This is your process. It has to start with the keywords. So this is a mini audit. Okay. And it starts with the keywords. So there's these 10 buckets. Now, given how important keywords are. So you remove. But I think it's in the business review. Let me go get, Let me go get the. That page was in my business review. So let me just pull it back up. Okay, so I'm doing the same with my business review. Right. Like, this is a draft of my business review. So I'm just going to fill in the Blanks. Like, this is my job. Like, they're paying me to do all this, and I'm a little bit behind. Let me go to the Amazon pages. Okay, okay, okay. So I'm basically saying I need a scorecard. Like this. That's my. The one that Matt did for me. So I, like, I don't know what they have. Like, I didn't get to have this meeting with them.

Speaker B: This is not going to be accurate anyway. I mean. I mean. And I can give you the breakdown of the expenses, but it's quite impossible to predict. At least I don't have a system where I can predict how much.

Speaker A: No, but this is the pass. This is the pass. Do a scorecard. Oh, do they have. Did you see a scorecard? Do they have a scorecard?

Speaker B: I didn't see any. Like, for three farmers.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, yeah. So that's what I'm saying. They need to get a scorecard like this. That's what this page is saying.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. Now, they do have the breakdown of the cost, the expenses on the Excel that they share. Alicia.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So they have a scorecard or they don't have a scorecard. They have a page on this scorecard like this.

Speaker B: Yes. Breakdown of expenses. Yes, they do. I can probably pull it up.

Speaker A: No, it's okay. Let me just find it. So did you save it in here?

Speaker B: Let's see what they have. Ecom files. Do the last one. Last file.

Speaker A: This one, right? This one.

Speaker B: Yes. Yeah. In one of those tabs, they have the data. Let me find out which one. So many tabs in there. So on Overview. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Overview, us, Amazon, they have it.

Speaker A: Perfect. Perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect.

Speaker B: Yeah. All right, Suzy, so if you want me to present the file that I have right now, I can probably do that.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Wait, wait. So we're. Let's let's just. Let's just one thing at a time. So let's just. So this is kind of a draft. This is like a draft. Like, you put the data and then you draw conclusions from it. So they do have a scorecard, but we have to make sense of it. Okay, so this page. So let me put this page back into ours. Okay. Because you took this page out. So let me put this page here. And so here's a mini audit. Okay. Mini audit is there's opportunities on the keywords, but first we have to align to the keywords. You have to. They have to pay you to do a keyword search, and then it's usually a meeting, and we agree, like, you recommend you use your tools, you pull the keywords and you say, hey, here are like high search value but expensive. Here's medium search value, but no one owns them. And you make a recommendation on the keywords. Is that.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. So that you would charge for that. Right. So like. And recommend. And recommend a keyword search review and alignment.

Speaker B: So.

Speaker A: So we're going to recommend that they spend money with you to do this.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's. Suzy, if I can say something here. So it's not just a keyword, it's the entire content thing. Right. How we implement the keywords, the alignment part, basically, it's the entire process. The workflow is in my. The decks that we created, the pitch text. So do you want me to add that here? That this is exactly what I want to do for you?

Speaker A: I. I say that again.

Speaker B: Like, the process, it's not just about finding the keywords and then adding the keywords to the title and wherever. It's not like it's an entire process. And the workflow is described in my Pitch day. I. That you help.

Speaker A: Oh, right, right. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Sorry. Your pit. That was my other point. Like, the meeting cannot start with this. Right. The meeting cannot start with this deck. The meeting has to start with your pitch deck. Just. So we started the meeting with this because I know your pitch deck, but the meeting has to start with your pitch deck and you have to present it in like 10 minutes. So let's. Where's your pitch deck in here?

Speaker B: See if you have. I don't know if we have that in the Dropbox, but let's see.

Speaker A: Capabilities.

Speaker B: Can you say probably the presentation. The presentation? Yeah, the presentation.

Speaker A: But let's move it to. I'm going to move. I'm going to propose. We have a folder called Pitch Deck. Okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And then you're going to, you know, then you're going to have a folder called Clients. Like three Farmers is a client. So let's move three Farmers into clients. Okay. So in Pitch Deck, let's move it into its own. So just to, you know, this is all the stuff we're kind of saying, like, get organized. Right?

Speaker B: Yes. Sorry.

Speaker A: I could show you my.

Speaker B: Like, it's a bit disorganized.

Speaker A: No, no, it's okay. It's okay.

Speaker B: Work.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, we. We're just. We're getting it organized. Okay. So which one is your pitch deck presentation?

Speaker B: The second one. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, so I'm moving it here. Okay. So I moved it over and then let me open it just quickly. Okay. You got to change Your picture like this. Like you. That is like. Absolutely not. Okay, wait, let me see. Okay, how do I remove my picture from here? Wait one sec. How do I remove me. Right, so I stopped sharing. One sec. So how do I move you? View speaker. Okay, I'm going to take a picture of you right now. Oh, okay, so. Yeah, so. Okay, so perfect. And then look. Okay. Oh, that's perfect. And then turn your head. You had your head. Turn, turn your head. Okay, look. Okay. Okay, that's perfect. Okay, wait, so I'm gonna take a picture. So, so you have to smile and you have to look left a little bit. And then open your mouth a bit. And then. Yeah, perfect. Then look at me. Then look at me with your eyes. Just with your eyes. Okay, up, up. No, no, look up, look up, look up. Okay, perfect. And then keep. Then smile, smile. Big smile.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Let's see. Okay, perfect.

Speaker B: I'm not. Sorry.

Speaker A: Put that for now. Yeah. Stop, stop, stop. You're not allowed to say that. Okay, so. Okay. Okay, so. Okay, so. Okay. Okay. Oh, your deck is a pain in the butt.

Speaker B: What happened? Oh, the format.

Speaker A: Yeah, the format. Like just because it's. It's all individual things. Okay, so let me reshare my screen. So I had to unshare because I wanted.

Speaker B: Okay, you want to. My picture?

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, so agenda. You see, these are like a pain to move.

Speaker B: Okay. Maybe I can try taking another picture later on.

Speaker A: It's okay, but you get the idea, right?

Speaker B: Yes. Was it funny that I used the last picture in the presentation?

Speaker A: And. Let's do two pages. So one page is this, and then one page is this. Victoria. Victoria. Victoria. Victoria. Go, go. She's upside down on her belly and putting her little pawpaws. Oh, you're putting your little papas. Can you see her? You're putting your little girl. Look how cute she is. And then the little brother is gonna come running over. Okay, so. Okay, so this is. And then try to put a picture of your two teammates here. Like.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker A: like this. Okay, so try to do that. So put Valerie and Vibraz. Okay, so AV sync. So it's the same when you do ads. Audio video sync. So you say it. You say their name and then you show their name. Okay. AV sync.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, So this you have to present in 10 minutes. Okay? This is super important. And if you can put rectangles around. Can you put it. Where's the. They just put rectangles. How do you format this? Format? Okay, this is sloppy. Like, it needs to be centered. You gotta. You gotta like all your spaces and stuff. Like, this is sloppy, but we'll fix it after. They all have to be the same size and there should be wider. Is this centered here? Just bugging me. Like I want to center it. How do I center this? So we're kind of doing this right? Like we're doing proposed strategy for strong roas. We're in step two right now. Like your font's not the right font, right? So your deck should follow this, but you just kind of show high level what it is, but it should follow this. That that's your process, right? So that's what those, all those videos and stuff, like document everything. This is a perfect example where Calibri 20 we're pitching. And you have a process. So your mini audit should follow the same process. Okay. Does that make sense?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So all you're doing, it's like what I did with them, right? Like, here's the mini business review skeleton, the strawman. It's not filled out, but this is what you're hiring me to do. It's the same with you. It's like, hey, I have a five step process and this is really bugging me. The spaces here. I have a five step process. Because you're not getting, you know, when meetings are just like an hour, we're not getting to the thinking part because we're just drowning with all this stuff here. So we got to move beyond the formatting and, and shit to like the thinking part.

Speaker B: Okay, I'll take care.

Speaker A: But that, yeah, but that's part of like working together also. We're kind of, you know, we're kind of learning it together. But the only reason I'm doing this is so that there's payoff. Right. I don't want to be doing this in four weeks from now. Our meetings shouldn't be about this. Like, like we're investing and working together. So we can go slow to go fast. That makes sense.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: Okay, so. Oh yeah, there's something weird with the fonts. Okay, so basically you're going to present this first you're going to say, hey, you know, this is kind of, you know, my clients, my practices, my process, you know, our unique process. We've had like, I think six agencies present to us. Soham packaging and branding agencies. And it's always the same thing. And like I was telling them, right, every single meeting it'll be, here's our team, here are our clients, here's our unique process that makes us better. Here's how we'd approach your project and here's our proposal. Right? Those five things, we've met six agencies. We have 11 on the list. I'll just show you. And it's always the same thing. So you're an Amazon agency. Same thing, Right. Smile like. Yep. You know, Amazon agency also presents the same thing because that's just how agencies, or anyone. Right. I'm a mini agency, presents to potential clients. Right. It's like it's cookie cutter 101. And you don't need to go to all these expensive courses. Like you're living the course now. Right? We're doing it together. Okay, so this is. This is the scorecard. So These are the 10 agencies. There's a whole bunch. There's 10 more that we discarded. But these are the one that we're working right now and we're assessing and we could do this for. You know, when I hired a digital agency, we did the same thing. Okay. You know, what's the criteria in this case? It's packaging. So one criteria is food expertise, one is case studies, one is strategic fit, and one is budget and references. So a grand total and it's weighted average. And there's points and percentages allocated. Right? 30%, 30%, 10%, 15% and a total of 100%. And then we're scoring each of them this agency,

Speaker B: companies.

Speaker A: Yep. Always. Yeah.

Speaker B: Oh, wow.

Speaker A: Okay, so if you're pitching who you're pitching to, will have. And they'll often put it in the rfp, they'll say, these are the criteria. Look, I can show you the criteria. We actually tell the agencies to provide a scope of work. Right? So we're saying, please provide us a scope of work. We are asking you to provide us a proposal. Right? You're providing the proposal. This is the document to the agencies to provide us a proposal. Right. So we skip this step. Step with you. We just said. But this is the written document. Please provide us a proposal. This is the process we're going through. Step one and two is packaging and positioning with concept research. Then after that, once we have the updated packaging, we're going to work on a campaign. And that campaign is going to get disseminated on Amazon and on Shopify, on meta ads and on other ads and, and in sales and our marketing mix. Please quote on the packaging. And then after we've aligned to the packaging, the campaign.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. So we're asking them to do that. We're saying in your proposal to us, please present these four buckets, your agency, your burbac. Of course, the process. I Didn't put it in. But they all put their process, your budget and your case studies. Right? This is what you're presenting to them. Okay, timing. Here's our timing because they're all asking for that. Here's our SKUs, here's some background, blah, blah, blah. And key challenges. This was written by Arlene, so I didn't change it much. We're looking for a strategic partner. Here's the process, like in detail, explained out in detail. So they have no questions. Right? Like they understand and oh, by the way, here's how we're going to pick the partner we're going with. Okay, so let me just copy this over. So when you're pitching against other agencies, like a good client, a really good client will send you this, this rfp.

Speaker B: Okay?

Speaker A: Right. You're not going to get this on upworks, but you will get it on.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: But that's why, that's what I'm saying, like when you work in larger companies, right? Like, so this is the process to pick our partner. We're doing a mini version, but we tell them like, look, this is the chart, okay. These are the weights, right. So there's no surprise. Right? Like this is. Now let's come back to your thing. So this is my proposal to them. I'm going to do step one and two. This is the timing. Step three. I'm going to then help you with the campaign. I can help you with Amazon. So we're kind of going into a bit of step three and step four. Like we, I kind of saw low hanging fruit and we know Amazon is low hanging fruit. So I'm jumping to step three and four by taking some of my hours and investing them with you. Because, because it's part of the. So that was my proposal. Then I kind of say, look, you know, exhibit one, you know, I looked at your deck on enterprise strategies and I think, you know, they don't have the right strategies, by the way. These are your strategies. I don't think it's the right ones. This is your growth strategies. Like I'm a growth driver. Right? Like your growth stripe growth strategies, like, are not strong enough. They're basically, you know, know you're hardly spending any money and you're not spending it in the right place. So I kind of said that nicely. Here's when we do concept research. Here's the cost of concept research. Here's an example of your positioning which I was going to show you on the other decks. This is what that agency I was showing you this is where they landed on their concept. Okay. Actually let me. Given I. Let me take this and move it on to the PowerPoint. Just to multitask. Save me a few minutes. Positioning. So I was just going to jump to the positioning page. One sec. So positioning is. So this is competition. Costco.

Speaker B: Wow.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I, I got work to do, but they're paying me like ten grand to do this, which is not a lot, by the way. No, actually it's four grand for the business review. So wait, one sec. Key issues. Okay, so we're going to go here. Okay, so right at the beginning, positioning current. Okay. Which is the current concept, which is a dog's breakfast. Like it's like, like there's a million things in here. And then we're going to put. Which is what I wanted to get to, is positioning lead options for concept testing. Okay. So I just want to show you this because it comes back to the keywords. So we've just gone full circle. We're coming back to keywords, if that makes sense. Okay, so here, So there's. Oh, I'm missing a thing. Okay, so this is current and this is option A, whatever the name is. This is option B, whatever the name is. And this is option C. So the current, I'll just show it to you like in parallel. So here it's three farmers plant based protein snacks. So it's naturally packed full of protein for long lasting energy. Okay, Just remember that. Naturally packed. Naturally packed. They're all over the place. Protein for long lasting energy. Okay. Like they need to hire me because they haven't had a marketer ever and this is like a mess. Okay, benefits insights, RTBs. 1, 2, 3, 4. And then there could be like a tagline. And I don't even know what their tagline is right now. So their benefit right now is plant based protein snack, naturally packed full of protein for long. Full of protein, actually packed full of protein for long lasting energy. Okay, so that's kind of their. But you don't even see energy on this, right? Like if their benefit state it's what we chatted like an hour ago. If their benefit statement is full of energy, their packaging should have the word energy. If their benefit statement is a healthy snack, their benefit statement, whether it's in the positioning statement or the concept, should have the words healthy so that discipline agencies don't have. So this Bridgemark agency that I was just showing you. Let me close this here. You know those seven decks that. I'll show you a couple of them. They're like, oh, okay. You know, it's leading to what the positioning should be. Okay. You know, healthy. It's kind of not clear, and it's seen as expensive. And they don't trust the healthy claims. Oh, by the way, snacking is still associated with guilt. Oh, by the way, you know, fresh food is healthier than package. So how do we compete with fresh? How do we address pricing? How do we build trust? Right? So it's a logical deck for branding, right. For what they were hired to do. So then, okay, like, look, there's all these brands, blah, blah, blah, certified, blah, blah, blah. So this is all really good. Like, and this is the positioning. So this I have in my business review, actually, I'm going to copy this. The. This brand. I don't know where they are. This brand is competitor, right? It's Chickpea Puffs. This is not this guy's. I don't know where they are. This is the good bean. I think they got kicked out of Canada. But these are direct competitors, right? And then there's this new little startup brand, whatever that is. I don't know if they. Then there's Vienna, which I don't remember what happened with them. This is a good brand, but they're declining. And then, oh, by the way, these are the oils. And then there's the hippie snack brand, the Brammy. Bada Boom esps. Wow, there's a lot. Then there's pitos, which went from this with the lion to this at the bottom. This is a chart, right? So this is what I'm redoing in the positioning deck. And I. I forgot that they did, like, I'm redoing basically the same thing, but updated, so I should try to copy a little bit more. So they're basically saying, look, there's some serious brands, there's some goodness brands, and there's some fun brands.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. So it's kind of what I was doing here in the positioning buckets. Option A, you know, the current is kind of like farm goodness. Goodness from the farm goodness from farmers is goodness. It's kind of their current because the packaging is so, like, it has farmers on the top of the packaging. So I don't think that's a strong positioning. But they're basically. This is their current, and we could move to something to, you know, like, health, You know, packed with taste and flavor. So taste and flavor explosion, you know, basically explosion. We can go to, you know, fun, which I don't recommend. We can go to, like, I don't recommend Fun. Actually, let me just. Victoria, what are you doing?

Speaker B: Girl? Girl.

Speaker A: What you doing A girl girl. But it's all kind of connected. Like your SEO is going to help this page and this page is the focus of the next two weeks because by next Friday, not sorry, by two Fridays from now, I have to have these three options. So your SEO, like we'll talk about this Friday. If you can run the SEO whatever right over the weekend, like early next week, it will help inform the positioning buckets. So these soham have to be testably different. So you know what that means, right? Like they have to in concept, these have to be far apart from each other. The words, the positioning, the packaging also, but more importantly, the concept is a combination of the words, the concept and the picture of the packaging. They have to be testably different. If they're not testably different, we're kind of wasting our money in research because the results are all going to come back the same. Interesting. You know, four of the six agencies we met asked exactly that. They said, you know, what positionings are you considering and are they testably different? So that's good, right? Even though some of the agencies were pretty weak, like in the first five minutes of the meeting we were canning them, they still would say that.

Speaker B: What do you mean by testably different?

Speaker A: Testably different means when you read this concept here, okay, on the left when you read that versus option B, another one, this is the US one, but another one, another one, another one. Say four concepts, right? When you read option A versus B versus C, will the scores are they far enough different that the scores will be different? If they're not different enough. So if you basically in the concepts, if all you do is say the same thing, wholesome farm telling, 10 grams of protein, blah blah blah, you just read regurgitate all the same words. You're not going to get like the, the results. And the first the. Sorry, my tummy is really, really upset. The results in concept testing is purchase, intent, likability, first intent, likability, believability, uniqueness. This products for me, open end likes. So tell me why you like it. Open end dislikes. Tell me why you dislike it. Open end likes, Open end dislikes and value for money. Okay, so those are the scores of most con. The methodology for most to all concept testing is the same. So you it's called the big six. So you basically ask consumers, you show them constant A and you say, you know, purchase at 10. Then you say believability like blah blah blah. If the scores all come back, you know, 22, 23, 24. They're all the same. You kind of wasted research, right? Like, they're, they're not testably different. Yeah. You want them to be testably different. So, yeah, that's what we're kind of talking about now is the foundation of cpg. Like, this is like, because your positioning is the first step and you're like, like it all kind of starts with positioning,

Speaker B: right? Yeah.

Speaker A: And the way to valid. So I just wanted to show you. Let's just finish the tutorial. But these guys here wrote this concept and it has the kitchen sink in it. I said like, look, there's like, there's 25 different things in here. Delicious, plant based. Naturally packed full of protein. Long lasting energy. Keeps you going throughout the day. Roasted to perfection. Tossed with natural flavors. Every bite's a big crunch. So you basically have like 10 different ideas in here. So you're cheating, right? It's called kitchen sink. You're putting all of these words in there. But these words may or may not represent the packaging. Okay? So what we're doing is they need to be testably different. So here, this one, the words. I'm not saying the packaging matches that. I'm just saying the concept that they're recommending. Because even this little dinky agency, that's not very good, they still know about concept testing. Right? So they're basically saying natural, which is kind of a substitute for healthy protein and energy. Right? There's kind of three ideas in the benefits. Benefits is supposed to be one thing, right? Just do it. They have three. One sec, my sweet Victoria. So by doing it this way, I'm showing them, which I. Part of my pitch is I showed them on the positioning. That letter that I was showing you, I basically said in a nice way. Your enterprise strategies are not right because one is going into the US that's insane. Like that. Like that's expensive and insane. Two is update the pack. So one is update the packaging. Two is going to the US and then three is cost savings. Well, hello. Right? Like, it's all about growth. They want to go from 7 million to 100 million. And their three enterprise strategies, their strategic plan, key strategies is update the packaging. That's fine. They hired me. They're paying for me. That's okay. Update the positioning and packaging. Launch in the US Is crazy. First it should be to grow in Canada with awareness and trial. And three should be innovation. And then four should be maybe consider, you know, maybe consider going into the US and then if you do maybe you lead with Amazon. They are. But us is very, very expensive. As you and I chat. Right. For my brand. So in my pitch to them, I basically said nicely, you know, your enterprise building blocks are not going to get you to 21 million. You're positioning from your past agencies all over the map. There's literally 25 things in there, and you don't. And then the packaging's awful. Arlene hates the packaging. You know Arlene, right? From Dragon's Den? No, she's a queen.

Speaker B: Okay, okay.

Speaker A: Do you know Dragons Den?

Speaker B: I. I do, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: But didn't watch many episodes.

Speaker A: She's the founder of Dragon's Den and she's queen for entrepreneurs in Canada. She's a huge, huge name.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So if you start working on brands that Arlene is on the board or as part of a district venture brands, like, you're going to have, like, we're not going to do any. We're not going to need to do. Same for me. We're not going to need to do any b. To. To be anything. Right. Like, if you do a good job on this one, she's going to recommend you to, like, they have, like, I don't know how many brands. Like, look, this is one of her brands. They just closed 6 million. Okay, let me show you all their brands, so you can go. So Arlene, this is her company, huh?

Speaker B: You're saying this will be huge if I do a good job here?

Speaker A: Yeah, like, she's the queen in Canada. She's the only. There's only, like, two VCs focus on CPG. And she's one. Like, she's the biggest one. And she's like a queen. She's on the TV every week. Like, that's all of her brands here.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. Like, yeah.

Speaker A: All of these brands you could immediately get.

Speaker B: Yeah, I see. All right.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So, yeah, yeah,

Speaker A: I think they've invested in 19 brands. And then she does the accelerator program. They're now at Cohort 18. Every cohort has 20 brands. So every six months she has 20 new brands that are in the cohort. And I'm doing the coaching on marketing for it. Right. So you basically have 20 new clients every six months. Small. And you have big. You have 20 big ones. Right. So let's get this organized. All right, sure.

Speaker B: Yeah, let's. Let's do that. Okay.

Speaker A: So the one option could be healthier, one could be packed with flavor, one could be fun. So I'm going to not recommend fun. Farmer. Farmer owned. So I'm not Recommending Fun. I'm not recommending. So what's an other positioning idea? Taste and flavor. Oh, yeah, Healthier snack. A third one could be, you know, packed with protein. So some are benefit. This is a benefit. Some are reasons to believe. But these are all valid positionings. Their current one is kind of farmer owned, foreign. I'm not going to recommend energy. Even though they, they put it on the concept, that's not what they're currently doing. Let me just go back to this deck. Okay. So they basically said, look at all these brands. This is their positioning. Okay? Positioning, organic, blah, blah, blah. Real food tastes better, tasty way to snack. Good snacks. Good, good hunger. Nutritionist made. You know, farmer made is kind of like theirs. Okay, so this is a really good deck. Like, Yeah, but it basically all of them are weak. Yeah, all of these brands have weak positioning.

Speaker B: Like.

Speaker A: They're called like a sea of sameness. Right. No one's really owning beans. Not that we want to own beads. Right. Like, that's what I kind of have to figure out inside. Let me just put that in here, side above. So the, the product focus

Speaker B: something.

Speaker A: So here the production.

Speaker B: Susie, one question. Well, for positioning, is it not like you need to be the kind of the only one in that position? So healthy snacks, there are a ton of them out there, isn't it?

Speaker A: Yeah. Well, and healthy snack is probably not, but I'm gonna put it down here, like.

Speaker B: In the same way. Taste, for example, there are so many snacks that are tasty.

Speaker A: I know, but that's why our job and that's why they hired me is to figure out how do we break out from this sea of sameness. Right. So I'm going to work on this today. Like they're all kind of saying the same thing. And the way you break out of it is a combination of your name and your packaging which should reflect your positioning. So Lovegood Fats did really well because we already know the name really helped. But here we have a problem because their name is not good. Like, and look at these guys. They started with pitos with a freaking animal and then they moved to this. And their new one on pitos is even more, more crazy. So that's why so many brands at Natural Product Expo reposition because they position and it's not working. And then they have to reposition because it's not working. So we're evolving their positioning to be more compelling. But no one's done a good job on beans. And I think we have to figure out. Need to figure out role of the product. I, you know, fava chickpea. Like, we need to figure out, does that go on the front panel or not? And your SEO analysis, let's kind of come back to that. Can really help us with that, because I think we just move to a snack, right? We don't like. These brands have disadvantages, I think, because they call themselves. The reason. Being the Good Bean. They call themselves beans. Pitos. They call themselves pitos. Hippies. They call themselves peas. Yes, Peas. They call themselves peas. Bean. They call themselves bean. Grammy. I don't know. Loopy. Like, cauliflower's a good leaks. These are like, they're calling themselves the product name. Like, that's a little bit like what I want to do with my company. Better company. I want to lead with chocolate protein. I want to lead with the descriptor here. This is a good example where they lead with the descriptor here. Chickpeas. Chickpeas. They have. You have. You know, you have peas. Oh, this is their old packaging. Look, look, look, look. This is their old packaging.

Speaker B: Look.

Speaker A: So harvest Snapshot. Snaps means, like, it kind of means peas, this one. It can probably mean, you know, snap can be more than peas. But all the brands they're competing against are basically saying, you know, we're a bean. But I don't know if that's. I don't think that that's necessary. Like, you see, they have. The brand name is Good Bean, and then they have a huge fava bean and peas. I think that holds back the potential of the brand. If you want to be a healthy snack, you'd be better off with a name like, you know, so Hem's Healthy Snacks would be a better name. Or way better. Is a better name than Bean. Whatever, whatever. Like a general name.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And here they did the Amazon search. This is like, five years ago. I'll put this deck. Let me copy the stack over right now. So you have it.

Speaker B: Sure. This is very interesting for me. I have to take some time to look into these.

Speaker A: Yeah, you're learning everything. Like, you got to work overtime. Like, this is.

Speaker B: Yeah, true.

Speaker A: Okay. Like, you got to catch up on my 30 years.

Speaker B: 30 years, yes.

Speaker A: So this is their first deck. Okay. But it basically is what I'm. They're. What they did is what I'm kind of doing now, which is like, okay, here's the world. And that's why I wanted to partner with you on Amazon. Because, look, this is what they did five years ago, right? Retail and Amazon. So back then, roasted chickpea. Roasted Lentil and roasted green pea. So they chose to go look at the keywords of roasted chickpea. But why, right? Like why is this page not healthy snacks to your point? Okay, so but they did the work, right? They charge whatever, 20 grand and they did the work. So let's come back to our. We have to figure out what our positioning is going to be. I'm not recommending fun, farmer owned or energy. And your keywords, let's go back to your PowerPoint, Your process. Actually, we're going to put this page in your proposal. The same as, I repeat, always my pages. We're going to put this in. Whoops. Okay,

Speaker B: so this is going to be one presentation that I'm going to.

Speaker A: No, just one page. C.P. you know, what do you want to call your process? Mine is the four P's process. I just kind of said like unique process is boring. I didn't name but CPG edge. I'll call it for now New client process. Okay, call it the new client process Recap. Okay, so recap of that then the next agenda item. So that's this one. Okay. Just fix the font. Okay, So all of this stuff, like this formatting stuff that I'm wasting time on, like we got to get these tools sorted out. Okay, so, so this is your pitch tomorrow. Okay. Hey, you know, I've prepared a few pages. First I'll just kind of show you like you'll present the other one first and then you'll flip to this one. So you have to blow through the other one in 10 minutes. So we'll come back to that in a sec. Then you're going to present this one. Okay? So when you get to this page and this page, you know, it might, I don't think it would ever go to the board because it's just a supplier in Amazon. So it's not that big of a deal. But my proposals that I showed you obviously went to the board, right? So, okay, you always think about your audience. So in this case, I'm recommending to re include your process because it's so frickin important. Okay. That's why we included. But okay, tomorrow, Friday, you're going to present for 10 minutes your process. And when you get to this page, you're going to say, as you recall, right, as you recall, here's my, my proprietary process. Like where's my line here? Why is this line so high? Oh, I swear it didn't pick up the. Your deck didn't pick up the master. Okay, you're killing me, dude. So process wise, we got to look professional. So we don't have a good master. I don't know what Gamma or whatever we did. Okay. Yeah, they should all be the same. When you introduce a page, it should be the same. Okay. Okay, so tomorrow when you present this Friday, you're just going to skip it, right? Because you, you just reviewed it, but you're going to leave it in the deck because they don't, people don't want to open like three different decks. So you're going to leave it in the deck because it's there. Okay. By the way, oops.

Speaker B: Tomorrow's Thursday, right?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. You're Friday, right? Or is it tomorrow? I'm Thursday tomorrow, so it's tomorrow. Okay, so I'm changing the name to the deck. Okay. I changed the name.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Okay, so let's go, let's go, let's go. Because I'm running out of time. Okay, so. Okay, now we're going to shift gears. All this stuff is really annoying me. Okay, now we're going to shift gears and I've prepared a few pages for you. The objective now is to just share with you some top line families of the cursory review that I did on your Amazon results. And then hopefully in this meeting we'll align to recommendations in order to achieve. Do you want to record me? Actually, let's record me.

Speaker B: I'm recording it, it's fine.

Speaker A: Oh, you're recording me?

Speaker B: I record you.

Speaker A: Do you want me to. That's okay. Do you want me to do a record record?

Speaker B: No, it's not.

Speaker A: Do you want me to do a record record? Okay, but you're, you're recording the video also?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay. You have to tell me when you're recording me, by the way. Okay. So let's start over. Okay, so thank you very much. Now we're going to shift gears. The objective of the couple of pages I presented is to just share my top and just present a cursory review of the results and my. And recommendations for discussions in the hopes that we'll work together. So a couple of points. The agenda will be, I'll just, you know, there's a recap of the process. We don't need to go through that, but that's always in all my decks. Then I'm going to just go through some of the key findings, the ad, the keywords, the ad audits, some recommendations. And then I've put together, because Elise was already asking me, by the way, I've put together some options on my pricing models and we can talk through that. We have about 30 minutes left for this. You can ask me questions as we go through. As I did the mini audit, I always use the same process, which is kind of part of this process. And here's some key highlights. Again, you know, I haven't done a deep dive. This is just cursory review, but this is what I kind of found, which I think there'd be benefit to us working together. So one is on the keywords. First and foremost, we should really do a keyword audit, a keyword deep dive to align to what are the strongest keywords to own and to focus on. Because it can go all the way from healthy snacks all the way down to the actual lentils and products. And we. The market may have changed and we've not really, like, I'm not really sure. Do you know which keywords they're trying to own

Speaker B: in Canada? Nothing. Almost nothing.

Speaker A: But does. Is there a tool that says, like which keywords they're trying to own or do we ask them? Are they bidding on stuff?

Speaker B: Well, they have sent me the reports so I can see which search terms they're bidding on. There are some category keywords, but they are not very high search volume.

Speaker A: Let's look at it.

Speaker B: Many relevant keywords. I can actually send you the report. Probably that will give you a clear

Speaker A: no, No, I don't want. No, no, no, no. Your answer cannot be a question and it cannot be. I'm going to send you a file. You look at it. Never, Never, never. I'm a client, right? Like I'm a client to you. So you have to make my life easy. So you never say, I'll send you a file. You go figure it out. That's a big no. No.

Speaker B: Okay, sure.

Speaker A: Here. Where's their keywords in here, do you think?

Speaker B: It's not here. They sent me the reports on email.

Speaker A: Okay, but you have to save them in here.

Speaker B: Okay, I'll do that.

Speaker A: Okay, take two minutes right now because this is keyword. Take two minutes to save the files. These are all basic stuff. So I'm like, files do not live in email. Yeah, no, there is no world that I live on email. So save them in here and then I'm going to open them. I'm just going to eat my snacks here. I'm just going to mute because I'm loud. Let me just mute. Okay, so save, save them there. I'm going to mute myself and then you tell me when. Where are we? Why do I have a meeting called? Wife.

Speaker B: Business reports. I will Just upload the files.

Speaker A: Just copy them over. Take two minutes to copy them over. I have to eat my snacks. Let me. I just want to mute you. I'm just going to mute. So I'm not chewing.

Speaker B: That's not a. Okay, sure.

Speaker A: I just want to see which one is where. Do they have keywords? Because I want to find out. Do we say, do we know what keywords they're bidding on?

Speaker B: I do. Yes.

Speaker A: Pardon?

Speaker B: I do know.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So then let's look at them. So this is what you needed to do. In the deck, here are the keywords you're bidding on. What's your opinion on them?

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: That should be your audit process for new clients. What are you bidding on and are they the right ones?

Speaker B: I did that. It's okay.

Speaker A: But it's fair for you to charge for that. Right? Like I've always paid for that. Like when I'm meeting an agency, the first thing they say is we're going to look at your keywords and we're going to tell you if you have the right ones. Then I hire them, I pay them, then they do the work. So that's fair, but just high level. If you looked at them, you should have an opinion on them.

Speaker B: Sure, yeah, I do. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, so where's. Just tell me when you've loaded those files.

Speaker B: Yes, just one more second and I'll be done. Okay, they are now on the Dropbox folder.

Speaker A: Okay, let me sync Amazon already.

Speaker B: Amazon US Yeah, Amazon Canada and Amazon US that's where you have to go.

Speaker A: This one.

Speaker B: The folders. The folders.

Speaker A: Oh, okay. Okay.

Speaker B: Oh, so, yeah, so some of them were sent to be sent to me by them. And maybe it's better if you just open PPC Metrics. That file. PPC Metrics, the third one. Yeah. Okay. This is. Go to the May Sp. The first tab. The first tab. Then the nomenclature. It just works for me, but it's not really something I present to clients. Yeah. So.

Speaker A: So is this. Yes.

Speaker B: This is based on their. This is not what they sent. This is my analysis based on the reports that they sent.

Speaker A: Okay. So you did this chart?

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, so what. What do I do with this chart? You tell me. What do I. What is this chart saying? Why did I open up this chart here?

Speaker B: You get to see which. I don't know, the filters maybe. Clear the filters. That will be better. Do you think it will be better if I share my screen? I can then do it.

Speaker A: No, I just like, just. There's a chart. So do we include I'm trying to figure out you did work on search. You didn't put it in your PowerPoint. I'm just finding this out. Right. Like your PowerPoint, you need to kind of have the process like your PowerPoint should be. Like, you follow a process to do a mini audit for free, which will then be followed by pay me to do more. There's a process that you use to do that which included pulling this chart, which I didn't know. So now you have to present to the client, which is where I'm coaching you because you're not very good at that at all. Right. Like we're like, it shouldn't like. Right. So I'm coaching you on that, how to present to the client. I just found out you pulled the chart. I'm trying to find out what does this chart say? I said, what are you bidding on? And you said, oh, I pulled it. Go find this file. Well, no, this is. You're presenting to the client. You need to lead the thinking. Don't make the client or me who's representing the client do work. So right now, what did you find out? What words are they bidding on? So, yeah, so. And I don't know how it works, so. Yeah, sure.

Speaker B: Let me talk. Let me describe this chart here. So the first column, column A is the search terms. You get to see all the search terms that are getting that we are spending on and how much impression we're getting, how many clicks we're getting, the number of orders and some other metrics here, the cost per click.

Speaker A: And what's this? Soham. Yeah. That's awesome. So what's column B? What does one versus two mean?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. So the column B is search term impression share rank. It compares the number of impressions that you are getting, your brand is getting versus all other brands that are out there. And it's ranking the brands. So, okay, for our.

Speaker A: So A, one is good, one is right first.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. So. So they basically are bidding on chickpeas. And is this how much they're bidding on? Sohan? 39.

Speaker B: That's the total spent. That's the total spend in the last 30 days.

Speaker A: Okay, what's this here? What's D?

Speaker B: That's the number of impressions that they're getting. And the E column is total number of impressions that are available based on column C. Column C, search term impression share percentage out of total available impression, how much they are winning as a brand. So if you.

Speaker A: Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait. No, I don't understand. Okay, so they got. So they purchased with $30. They purchased 912 impressions. And what does this mean? 2482.

Speaker B: That's the total available impression for these search term on.

Speaker A: So okay, so they got like 25% of all available impressions. So with $30 they got 25% of all available impressions.

Speaker B: Yeah, here we don't buy impressions, we buy clicks.

Speaker A: So.

Speaker B: Yeah, but you are right.

Speaker A: Okay, so with $30 they bought 900. They got 912 impressions. So it's about 25% of 2400. 2500. They had 46 clicks. They got 13 orders.

Speaker B: Yes. Conversion rate. Column L is the conversion rate.

Speaker A: Got it, got it, got it, got it, got it. Okay, perfect. Okay, one momento, one momento. I'm just going to format it. So first you don't need all these decimals. So I'm going to take two. So this is perfect. All clients, you should do this. Okay, this is perfect. This is very good. Okay, so you did this report already for them. So very good. I was thinking you were going to charge to do this report, but you actually did it already.

Speaker B: Yeah, this is my analysis just to make sure I can do something for them.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, Perfect. So that's great. That's awesome. Most of the agencies I've hired like a charge me for this. Okay, wait. Oh, undo. I just want to make this a bit higher. Okay, well, you can fix that. Okay. And you have some hidden rows in here. Do I care about that?

Speaker B: Can you please clear the filters?

Speaker A: How do I do that?

Speaker B: So you have to go to sort and filter on top the menu there on the right, you'll see a Z on the right. Even right. Further right. Yeah.

Speaker A: Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie.

Speaker B: And clear. And clear. Clear. Yeah. Okay, so now you can see everything.

Speaker A: Awesome. Yeah, no, no, that's awesome. Okay, so that I just want to fix. There's too many. Like you don't need all these decimals. What's this here? Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Why is this So I converted it here.

Speaker B: It just got converted. Yes. If you press Control Z for a few transfer, it will be. Okay.

Speaker A: Command Z. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. It's. Yeah.

Speaker A: So formatting is really important because we're talking about presenting to clients. Right.

Speaker B: So do you think I should show these files to clients?

Speaker A: Yes, yes, yes. That's why the meeting is still going even though we're late. So you have to show off that you're good. Okay. And

Speaker B: okay, sure.

Speaker A: One sec, one sec. Okay, so for future clients, I just. I'm formatting it for you for future clients. Show this in this format back to me. Okay. This dollar sign I hate. Like we should always do. This should always be currency. Just so you know, like save this one should. Like I'm doing the formatting, but I never want to do that again. Right. Like so you format it this way and then save it forever because hopefully we'll work on a lot of clients together. Just want one decimal for the percentages. We just want one decimal. The currency here has to be currency. So the dollar sign is next to the number and you can center it. Okay, so you did this awesome report. So good work.

Speaker B: The one that is also. Okay. Yeah, sure. Let's talk about.

Speaker A: Okay, so I'm just going to say. I'm just going to. I'm going to save it as I just did formatting, but I'm just going to save it as for now. Sy. Right. So I'm just going to save it as Sy. So this is mine. So you still have yours, but this is mine. Okay. Now I think we need to. So we need to organ. How should we look at this? So let's sort it based on the dollars. Okay. No, let's sort it based on the ad spend.

Speaker B: Can I tell you how I analyze this data?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so for them specifically, it's very important to see how the budget is being allocated. They keep saying that they're getting very good return. Right. But out of the total ad sales, which is something around $4,600, if you add up all the branded sales, that's 73% of that. So 3,000 something. So most of the.

Speaker A: Wait, wait, wait. No, wait, wait. I need to follow you. So go say that sentence again. So they are spending. So give me the executive summary. They've spent 600 and they spent $678 to get. Yeah, to get 4,000 in sales. Okay.

Speaker B: Which may look very good in on paper, but if you look deep into it, 40% of that $678 is being spent on branded keywords. And almost 73% of the revenue, which is 4,073% of 4,600 is coming from branded keywords. So my point here is the only reason the return looks so good is just because of the branded keywords. We are not acronym clients, customers.

Speaker A: Okay, got it. Paused. Got it. So you need to have put this in your PowerPoint already. This should have been there like already. Right? So that's conclusion number one. That's key finding number one. Do you have other key findings? Because we're going to go update your PowerPoint in a sec. Do you have other key findings?

Speaker B: Yes. And there's a page on PowerPoint if you go to the Add audit page. I have written some of this down. Those are my findings. Scroll down a little bit more, please. Yeah, this one, this is where I have written down all those things, you see. So now on the same note, if I look at the other keywords that are not branded keywords, there are some that we are bidding on, but there are so many more that we are missing out on. We are not at all bidding even a penny on them. So that's why I said that not enough spend on which ones? The ones that we mentioned there in the sixth slide. The ones that we have. Those are some examples. But we can look deeper into all those keywords.

Speaker A: So Soham, you have like, you have to help your audience understand what you're saying and what it means so that like you're. If you're going to do an audit, like, you kind of like, look what I did here. Key findings indicated action. Right? Like you. Like, this is just a dump. I didn't even know what to do with this page. So. So first of all, okay, keyword and ad audit. So like you gotta organize this. Like, like, I don't know what to do with this. And I. What is this yellow? I don't even know what to do. AV sync. I know, but your deck has to talk to the client. Like, these are sophisticated clients. Like, they're a small company, but they're same background as me. Like, none of this makes sense. So key finding number one. Like, look, I did key findings. 1, 2, 3, 4 in a box. Key finding number one. I'm going to put a box in here. Like, I don't even know what to do with this. Right? This is not a good PowerPoint page at all. So like, like we just. How you. I don't. We're not getting to the content. So there's style, format and content. We're not getting together to the content. Because I don't even know what you're thinking because we can't even get to it. Okay, so let's still go here.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And so these are the key findings. And then the so what? Right? Indicated actions. All these videos that you're watching, we're watching or exchange, it's all the same thing. Your job is to make it easy for your client to understand what you're saying. Like, so what? Like what, you just make a statement and then, then we're left with the statement. We don't know what to do. So there's so many that you're missing which ones. Right. You have to do that extra 5% because the audience will understand you. If you say we're missing these five, if you just say there's so many that are missing, then you're forcing the client to say which one and it messes everything up. All of this has to be written, written, written, written. Okay, so key finding number ones is 144% of the spend is on brand and keywords. How can that be?

Speaker B: That is 44%.

Speaker A: Okay. 44% of the total monthly Amazon spend is on keywords.

Speaker B: Branded keywords.

Speaker A: Branded keywords.

Speaker B: Yes. Just the three partners for the. It cures them.

Speaker A: Yet. Yet 73% of the ad sales are on branded. Okay, so what, like why, what ratios? Why is this not a good thing? What does that mean?

Speaker B: I wouldn't say. I didn't see yet. It's. And 73% of the sales is from branded keywords. And what it implies is the reason the ROAS is that good on paper is because we are tracking 73% of the advertisement sales from branded keywords. That's why it looks good. But ultimately it's not doing any good for you because you're not acquiring customers on Amazon. That's what is happening.

Speaker A: So you're not acquiring. Not acquiring new customers. So it's mostly repeat. Now, where's the repeat rate? How can we prove what you just said? Where's the repeat rate? Right, like you need to put the percentage in here. Right? Like everything you say you have to. Yeah, but just back it up.

Speaker B: Right, so like, I don't have that data, Suzy. So that's a different analysis.

Speaker A: Okay, but you can. Okay, so you can say xx and then can they provide you that data or if they hire you.

Speaker B: Yes, if they hire me, then we can do the analysis.

Speaker A: Okay, perfect. So then you say that, right? Like when you're presenting, like, you have to present with all of this. Like right now we're spending two and a half hours for me to pull stuff from you. All of this should not be pulled. Like, it should literally be, you know, an hour on your proposal. And I'm looking at it like the client and I just ask you some basic questions. So. So number one is so you'll have the formats now and you have to value these formats. So first we're going to put a dump. Okay, so what are the other findings? So first we're going to put a page. But let me just put the page there in a sec. Okay, so this is Going to be keywords Canada. Okay, we'll just show them an example. But is this the right formatting of this? Like, can't we organize it by ad spend? Can I just sort it by ad spend?

Speaker B: You can, yeah. Filter. Apply a filter and then you can do that.

Speaker A: So how do I do that?

Speaker B: So show me filter there. Yeah, Here, turn on the filter.

Speaker A: Yes, I click on it.

Speaker B: Yeah, click on that and. And then click on the Z.

Speaker A: Then I go here.

Speaker B: Yes, click on that filter and then click on descending. Order the sort.

Speaker A: Descending.

Speaker B: The first option. Yeah, Descending.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. So you have to do one more thing here. You see all those options? Select all, all the numbers. If you scroll down, just uncheck 0 or blank. Scroll down to the bottom. Yeah. Uncheck blanks. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, perfect. Yeah, sorry, I don't know how to do this. Okay, so I'm going to take pictures here of this actually. So now I'm making it easy for the audience to show that I did a little analysis for free for them. Which tool did you use for this?

Speaker B: I just. This is my one tool. I created it on Excel.

Speaker A: But you don't. Do you act? Do you have access to tools?

Speaker B: Yeah, I do have helium 10 and all. And this is based on their reports, the reports that they sent me. I just manipulated the data and this is how it looks like.

Speaker A: Okay, so for the future, just look at the decimals and how we formatted this. Right? Like save this. Like formatting format, style and content. Content is what's in your head indicated actions. Format is how you make it easy for the audience to look at what AV Singh. To look at what? The visuals of what you're saying. And style is how you write. Oh, wait, why is lentil snacks here? How come it puts lentil snacks in here?

Speaker B: It's for all kind of. It's for their overall account, not product specific. I can also do product specific, but that's not the case here.

Speaker A: Okay, question. I wanted to sort this on dollars. Why is 17. Why is this not sorted on dollars?

Speaker B: But you.

Speaker A: I want to sort this on dollars. Pardon?

Speaker B: Yes. You did that for ad spend.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: This is at sales column.

Speaker A: Oh, sorry. I'm sorry. Okay, never mind. Okay, never mind. Good. Okay, never mind. Good, good. Okay, perfect. Sorry. Getting tired and my tummy is like killing me and I have to go into this stupid swim thing. Okay. Yeah, so, yeah, but like we have to finish this. But it's taking more time. Yeah, but all of this. Soham, if you forget this for our next meeting, I'm Literally gonna kill you. Like, I'm not going to work with, I'm not going to work with you anymore, right? Like, it's just. So I'm investing. Okay, so this is AdWords Canada. You can do the same for AdWords US. Okay, so what we basically say is we put this chart here and we say, you know, AdWords Canada. And then we say. So basically you say, you know, hey, I've just manipulated the data you give me, blah, blah, blah. So now you kind of need to put like, little things here. So you put this and you format this, right? You lead the thinking. Like, your job is to present the key findings and the so what? The so what? The so what? Like, what does this mean? What does this mean? Why do I care? What does this mean? Why do I care? It's always the same thing, right? Whether you're doing a TV ad or you're selling a car or you're selling your services. So what? What does it mean? Okay, so here, Okay, where's the 44% number? Approximately?

Speaker B: Here, Maybe that filter. No, I had to apply different filters. But you can show.

Speaker A: But you get the idea, right? Like, yeah, you, you're spending, you know, 44% to drive, you know, and then let's just write it here. But you get the, the point is, I get that, like, These are decks 101, right? Like, I learned this 30 years ago when we had acetate. So 44 of the ad span drove 74% of the sales. Right? Okay, just check that the numbers are correct. So just. And put the, like, put the, put the thing at the right place. Okay, so that's this. So why does this have a 10 ROAS and a 7 ROAS? What's that all about? Is that opportunity? Yes. Is that opportunity? Is that good or not?

Speaker B: Well, it depends. So let's take a look at those two keywords. No, those two are not really good opportunities because first of all, they don't have much search volume and we are already winning a majority. Like, the impression share percentage is really high. So I wouldn't say we can. Those are good opportunities because we cannot spend more money on them.

Speaker A: Okay, what's the key finding on those two things? Say it in a different way so I understand it. So what do I. What, what do we do with fava beans? Is this fava beans? No, the 103 is real. De Camellia, Quebec.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So is that good or not?

Speaker B: Like, I don't put that in my analysis, but I'll just tell you what I, what I understand from them. It's because they are already winning so much of the total impressions available. If you see for that French keyword, we have 77% win rate impression share, so we cannot win more than that. And also the total number of impressions is just 31. So there is no way you can spend more money on that. There is no importance of that keyword. Basically.

Speaker A: Okay, what about the 77 on Favabee?

Speaker B: Even on that one, if you see the total number of impressions that are available is just 101, it will not drive any significant changes.

Speaker A: Okay,

Speaker B: so if you want me to.

Speaker A: We should be focused up here. Right. So what about this guy here? 16,000.

Speaker B: Yeah, let's take a look at that one. That's for dogs. But we are not. We are. That's not relevant for us.

Speaker A: Why not?

Speaker B: Because it's for dogs. Are you trying to position any of our products for dogs?

Speaker A: No, but if we should be feeding this oil to dogs.

Speaker B: Okay, we can try.

Speaker A: What about this cooking oil here? So what's a good number for ad impressions? Is it a thousand or is it ten thousand side?

Speaker B: Yeah, thousand is also. Can be a good one, but it's very small. I'd say 10,000 is quite significant. You can even see 100,000, 200,000 to level impressions. Those are much more high search volume.

Speaker A: Okay, so the highest ones here is they have 11,000. Right. Which is branded. Branded. And they own already 61% of fava beans. They own 36% of chickpeas and they own 82% of. So other than this dog one.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And the cooking oil one. Oh, what's this. Is. I wonder if this oil is a truffle oil. So basically the finding here is. The finding here. Keywords Canada, 44%. So what's the kind of implication is

Speaker B: what's the implication based more on category keywords, not the brand.

Speaker A: Pardon?

Speaker B: They need to invest more. More on category keywords.

Speaker A: Yep, yeah, yep, yep.

Speaker B: That's the implications.

Speaker A: So implications. Yep. So key finding. So should you look into, look into select. So there are, there are. There are select high impression keywords such as cat. What is it? Caramela for dogs. What's the. What's the thing called caramela for dogs?

Speaker B: The oil. I don't remember the name of the oil. Camel. Camellia.

Speaker A: Camellia for dogs.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So there are select high keywords such as cara, mila for dogs.

Speaker B: Whatever.

Speaker A: I'll correct Truffle. How do you spell it?

Speaker B: T, R, U, double F, L, E. Caramela here. Yeah, I'll correct that. Suzy, don't worry about that. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Into. So here. So look. Look at select niche keywords and then expand. So what are you saying? Expand to higher impression keywords. Right?

Speaker B: Huh? Yes.

Speaker A: To grow.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: What does this mean? Snack to go, 1.1%. What does that mean?

Speaker B: Okay, that's. We are talking about the budget allocation. So if I take a look at their budget allocation, which is another document. You can also open that one.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: It's on the draw.

Speaker A: No, it's. Okay. Yeah. Wait, wait, wait, wait. So with. Okay, just. You cannot answer for me to go open up a chart. You have to answer with an actual answer. Okay, so why.

Speaker B: No, I'm doing this because we are just collaborating on this. That's why.

Speaker A: Okay, I know, I know. But, like, now I'm kind of. Enough coaching. Like, you have to answer. So we got to get this deck done. So why is this key finding on this page here? So why is snack to go? What is this? There's no verb. Like, I don't know what to do with this. So what did you mean with this? There's a reason it's there.

Speaker B: Yes. So we are not spending enough on ads. That's what I mean.

Speaker A: Okay, so, Okay, critical. Critical keywords for the snack pack. Where is it? Snack to go or snack pack?

Speaker B: Snack.

Speaker A: Snack to go.

Speaker B: That's the percentage of revenue that we're spending on that ads. It's a little bit higher than that, but anyway.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Increase the ad spend to test. Right. So you don't need me to do this. It's like, hey, like, you know, there's a critical keyword for keyword of snack pack or snack to go Ad spend on crit. You know, critical keywords of snack pack, snack to go is only 1%. Okay. So that's the finding. You found this out. Okay, what does it mean? Well, increase it to test it. Right. You don't need me for this. Like, I'm spending all this time because I got to read your brain. I don't want to read your brain. What's this here? Poor ad campaign. What's that?

Speaker B: Okay, okay, so, all right, first of all, before I go there, I was going to suggest that they allocate 10 to 15% of their revenue on ads, which may be too much for them.

Speaker A: So how do you want me to talk about that? Okay. No, that's important. Let's add. Okay, that's good. Let's do that. So.

Speaker B: That could be in the third point, because I said it's just one person that they're spending and I suggested increase ad spend. I was going to suggest. Yeah, to 15 to 20.

Speaker A: But this is an overall. Let's do an overall one. So ad spend averages what, like just do the big picture average.

Speaker B: 68%. That's what they're spending right now.

Speaker A: And that's excluding the fees, right? Like that's just like of the revenue. Yes, that's just their fees. Right. And that's for which period that you look at?

Speaker B: For the 30 days. Last 30 days.

Speaker A: Okay, so you have to do year to date. Right. You don't make conclusions to a client based on one month. That's just a basic. These are all basic things. Right. So just do year to date.

Speaker B: I don't have that date.

Speaker A: Can you pull the year. You don't have year to date.

Speaker B: No. And also we cannot pull that data for ad spend. It's a bit difficult. So I need access to that account and I need to do that.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Okay, that's. Okay. So past 30 days. Okay, so it's only. So how much is it? It's the $468. Right.

Speaker B: 600 something. 668.

Speaker A: 678. So. So why don't we kind of say, you know, so it's very low review year to date and recommend ad spend. So what are you recommending? It's usually in the 10 to 15% range. Right, that's what Matt's recommending too.

Speaker B: For growth phase. It could be even high up to 20% if you really want to grow 20, 25%. I'll say for the first, let's say three to six months and then we can slowly get back to maybe 15 to 20% range.

Speaker A: So basically it's like, of course your ROAS is good because you're only bidding on keywords, right? So like, you're only spending 2.7%. What are their ad. What are their agency fees? Did you find what they're. Do you find the document that showed their agency fees, how much they're paying?

Speaker B: I didn't see that in the document

Speaker A: she showed. I think it was in a board deck. Probably it was a PowerPoint.

Speaker B: Okay,

Speaker A: so they're spending $678 a month. And

Speaker B: you said the agency is 35% of the ad spend, which is very, very low. So that's why I was thinking, well, if they're spending this low and paying this much to their agency, they will be surprised when they. When I say that spend this much and my fees. This.

Speaker A: You have to. Your sentences have to help me understand what you're saying. So is it a big number or a small number? Big number.

Speaker B: My number is big.

Speaker A: Okay. So when I talk to you, I, or any client, I always have numbers. Right. I, I put it in context so that my client can understand. So they're spending 678 plus 35%. So plus, you know, $400 in agency fees to get, to drive. To drive 4700. In sales. Okay, so where's this 2.7% come out of?

Speaker B: It's the total revenue when we look at. It's 2.7. So 678 is 2.7% of the overall revenue, which is about 20,000 something. So when we look at Amazon ads, we need to think in terms of the overall revenue versus ad spend, not just the ad revenue. Probably that's how they have been thinking so far.

Speaker A: Well, they've been sending, they've been. The way they've been thinking about it is we sell, we spend 678 to drive 20,000. Can you get me the exact number? Do you have the exact number here? 20,000. Do you know where that is? So this is how they're thinking about it. We're spending 678 to get 20,000.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And that, so that's, Isn't that a good.

Speaker B: Well, yes, it's a very good number on paper, but you are not growing enough. Yeah. They may also say, well, our snacks to go has grown doubled in a year. But I think even that is not enough given what your potentials are. So anyway, in the last 30 days they did about 20,590. $.

Speaker A: 20,000. How much?

Speaker B: 590.

Speaker A: So I'm worried that your, your audit process is, is really not client friendly right now. So I'm not, you know, you're not able to kind of just do like a simple couple of hours and summarize it in a way that the client, like this is me who did all this. But I don't even know what this is. Right, Right. Like I spent two hours with you on this two Sundays ago. Now I spent another two hours. Like, Like, I mean, I don't, like, you need to fix this before you chase new clients because I, I can't even recommend you to clients the way it is now. Right. I've spent five hours at my rate to just pull teeth. And I don't even know if we have the right findings. We're not even ready yet. So how about like you do this for a living, right? Like you need to be able these pages, you should have Done by yourself. And say, like, you know, this is my process. So here's step one. You know, I'm doing an audit. Like, page one on the audit, page two. And it's got to start big picture, right? Like, we're missing the big picture, which is here, Amazon growth and Ad spend. Right. Like, where is there a chart? Like, they think they're doing great. So where is there a chart, a scorecard chart that would summarize, like, their board charts. Is it this? They had, like, board charts that Brittany showed. Like, did you see bar charts anywhere here? Right. Is this their kind of key reports?

Speaker B: Yeah, this is something that you have. And then the file that Elysio sent me, they also have a breakdown of what they are doing.

Speaker A: Which one? In here? Where is that? Just show me a summary chart. Like, what. What's a good one to look at? Summary chart.

Speaker B: Okay, hold on. Let me do this.

Speaker A: Do they have, like. Do you know which summary one they have in here?

Speaker B: Yes. Can you find a report called Ecom Reporting or can I share my screen?

Speaker A: Oh, yeah. No, no. I just want to find it. This one?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Because we're out of time now.

Speaker B: Yes, I understand. Sorry.

Speaker A: How come this one doesn't open? Oh, okay. So we have it open already. It looks like we have it open. How do I go see where the files are? How do I go see where files are open? It's open already. How do I see which Excel files are open?

Speaker B: Yeah, can I. Can I share my screen? Suzy, that will probably be.

Speaker A: Yeah, but I need to finish this deck. So, like.

Speaker B: Okay, like.

Speaker A: Like that. That doesn't work. And, like, we need to finish the deck.

Speaker B: Sure. Can I send you the file? Oh, no, you have. You can just candle it.

Speaker A: One sec. Let me just. I don't know why, like, where. Why can't I put this here? This one?

Speaker B: No, no, not this one.

Speaker A: This one.

Speaker B: This one.

Speaker A: Okay, so. But I thought they had bar charts.

Speaker B: No, they have numbers. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: If we go to, let's say, overview. We'll have to try a few ones. Overview. Canada. Probably not that one. Okay, let's see. I think is the last two where you get to see the numbers. Monthly numbers for every product. Last two, so cat AC in unit cells. That one here. You also get to see some charts here.

Speaker A: So what? Like. Like, I don't know. I want to do all this work. Like, I don't want to do the work of analyzing their Amazon. I'm bringing you in. What's the summary like? What's the summary of the Amazon like What? Where do I look at this? So 286. Are they growing?

Speaker B: Yes, they are growing.

Speaker A: Like, 233.

Speaker B: Growth is primarily. Growth is primarily driven.

Speaker A: Okay, they're not growing.

Speaker B: If you let me say this. They are growing for. Because of the variety. Like the snacks to go. That has almost doubled in a year. And you can see that if you go to ca Asin unit sales page. And also. Suzy, I don't want you to do this. I will do this.

Speaker A: I know the meeting's tomorrow. Like, this is a mess. Like, you can't. Like this. Like, like, you can't just. I did this. Which I don't even know is right. You did this dump. Which I don't even know what you do with that. Like,

Speaker B: I get the idea, Susie. So the only reason I'm having a bit of difficulty here is I'm trying to understand your concepts and also trying to.

Speaker A: You just did an audit. You've been doing this for six years. Like, yeah. What did all of these excels tell you? Summarize it. Like, sure, I'll do that. Where are we? We're in the weeds of like. Like, we're in the weeds of like, I don't even know what to draw from. Conclusion. Like, big picture, we have to have. Like, what are they doing? So what? Like, I tried to pull this out of you two week. Like, what are they doing? But we're missing the big picture. So what. What are they spending? And is it good? Are they growing or they're not growing? So here they're declining.

Speaker B: No, that's 20, 23. The one on the left.

Speaker A: Okay, they're growing.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay, so they're growing. They're growing because of snacks. Oil is declining. And where's this. Where's the value pack? You said, where's the go.

Speaker B: If you want to see the breakdown, you have to go to the last tab. Casin unit cells. That one.

Speaker A: Okay, so big picture, they're growing a tiny little bit. What's this percentage here? This divide by this. So they were forecast to grow 37% and they're growing 5%.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Is that because we're missing December? Is it because we're missing. Did we miss a month here?

Speaker B: I think so, yes.

Speaker A: Where's on hide here? So here you're missing December. And here you have December. Okay, so they're going to hit their. Once they. Once they hit December, they're going to be 3:12. Okay. They're still going to miss it. Whatever they came up with on December. Do you have their December number.

Speaker B: No, I mean, they just gave me the Amazon US Number after I requested. Anyway. All right, Suzy, I get the concept.

Speaker A: An expert comes in and says, I've taken two hours to look at your business and this is what I found. Right? Like, so first, are you growing and how much are you spending? Right, like, so we're missing that. Like, are you growing and how much are you spending? So, like, and is it a good spend? Right, like, we're like, we're five hours in, you and I. And like, I don't, like, we don't even have this. We don't even have like executive summary yet. And you have like, literally 20 charts to look at. So, like, what do these 20 charts say? But forest from the trees. Like, overall. So Charlie, Charlie. Hey, Charlie, leave your sister. So what's overall is we can't even do year to date growth. 257. So they're at two divided by. So they grew 5%

Speaker B: from these numbers? Yes.

Speaker A: What's their year to date? They're growing 11% versus 137 budget. Right. So you just start big picture, right? Like, hey, you know, you hit 286. You use numbers. They have you screenshot which is equal to plus 11% versus year ago against budget of plus 237. Of 137%. Right. So they're not hitting budget. Right. So you're not hitting budget. Right. You start there.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And then adspan. Ad spend is low at. Where's ad spend here? Is it in here? Oh, here, Right. No. Where's adspace been?

Speaker B: You can get it from here. Should be able to get it from here. But I didn't take a look at this year to date data here. Oh, there, there on row 19 here? Yes.

Speaker A: 11,000.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: 11.8 thousand.

Speaker B: We didn't get that number from there.

Speaker A: Okay, which is what?

Speaker B: Let's calculate. That's 4.12%.

Speaker A: Okay. Just one decimal. Okay, so you start here. You start with this. So let's. You start with big picture and then do the exact same chart. Do the exact same chart, the exact same numbers. Go fill that out for us. Okay, so this is Canada. I just got it. These backgrounds are bugging me. I don't know how to do the. This is Canada. You just got to fix the backgrounds a little bit and then do the exact same thing for the US Just fill in the blanks for us. Okay, so. So first thing is. And then what you do. Let's go here. So let's go back and hide. Oh, we don't need to hide. Okay, so you take a screenshot of this.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So what's this organic thing? Is that like a good thing? Organic, 29%. Is that good? 70 with 72% of the orders are organic. Right. So they're basically not doing. That's too high. Yeah, because they're not doing any ads. Right. So do this chart and then where's the US chart? Of the same. The same. Same chart. Is this one the next one? No, this one. Okay, so do like. So you do executive summaries, right? So this and this. You do two things. Where's the organic thing on this one?

Speaker B: It's 67%. 67.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Okay. So you basically start like big picture. Like you're a new consultant coming in. So you do what, like what math would do and kind of say high level. Is this good or bad? Right? You like, your job is to kind of provide high level. Like that's why you have consultants, like versus internal people. So here, Amazon, like there's not even growth. Amazon. Amazon sales are. Amazon revenue is. What is the percentage of Canadian revenue? Do we know what their Canadian revenue is? 6 million.

Speaker B: I don't know that.

Speaker A: Yeah, so 300,000. So 300,000 on Amazon divided by, let's say 6 million 5%. Amazon revenues are small at.

Speaker B: Should I mention that? I supposed to know?

Speaker A: I'm mentioning it. No, it's okay. How I helped you it. And then whatever. We don't know what the US Is, right. Due to very low span. We said, you know, 4%. And what's the other big problem is? So one is they're not spending enough and two is what?

Speaker B: The content.

Speaker A: The content. Okay, so now you've done an executive summary page, right? So it's due to two big problems. One is very low spend and two is content. So now your proposal would come back to say, if you want to grow, I will address these two things for you.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: And growing. Plus 11% versus budget of 37%. Okay, so they're missing budget. Right. Because of these two issues. So that's how you like that's how you present to me. Because remember, I'm your client. Right. I'm trying to you tell me what you're finding out on Amazon. I'll tell you what I'm finding out on, you know, brand positioning. And the keywords are really key. Like the keywords will help our brand positioning exercise. So we're going to hopefully work together in the next month. Right. So the first thing you say is like, look, overall the revenue in Canada Avenue Canada revenues are small at 5% of the mix and growing only 11% versus a budget at 37 due to two things. You know, the very low ad spend and you back it up. Right. Like I never make statements without numbers, if you notice how I talk. Right. And I give you shit when you don't answer that way. Right. Like you to your audience. But I was trained like this like literally 31 years ago. Right. At P and G. Like you can't write anything down. This is a sentence that that's acceptable. All these other sentences that don't have the numbers are not acceptable. Okay. So high level, you know, there's tremendous potential. So you know, indicated action test improved. Had improved content and higher ad span to gauge roas. Right. So that's the first thing. So they're basically spending how much on. So how much are they spending in a year? They're spending

Speaker B: 11,000 something.

Speaker A: Yeah. So 20,000. Right. So they spend 20,000 on an agency. So let's just put this here. Total ad spend. Total ad spend is 20k plus 35% of that. How much did I say? 35%. Right. 35% in ad fees. So plus 10? Yeah, plus 10k in fees. Right. So they're spending 30,000 plus 10k in ad fees to basically just kind of get repeat volume. Right?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So you. Right. So that's kind of the big issue.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So let's leave that at this. Is there a chart? So we put the charts here. If there's another chart, you can put it here. But all you want is. This is the same title. You don't usually have two pages with. So it's okay. But you're not growing and you're not spending on the right stuff and you have a whole bunch of content stuff now if you dive into. So this is. Green is one level up here, blue is a little bit, you know, One level into the weeds a little bit. Well, we don't like you're bidding and all. So you're bidding on Branded is where we are kind of saying, right?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: But you're not bidding on any of these.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: So what do I do with this here? So is this. These are current talking points. Okay. So I don't know what to do with that. We spent two hours on this already. So I'm not going to read. We're not going to redo everything. Okay. So by now they're going to run out of steam. So I think. So here it's just an example. So key word analysis needed okay, so what we're saying is they need to hire you to do a proper keyword analysis example. To understand higher impression keywords to bid on. So you basically have to do analysis for you to come back and recommend which one should they bid on. Right?

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker A: we just know that they're bidding on low ones.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: And by the way, what was this thing here? I don't even know what to do with this.

Speaker B: It's more technical. It's about their ad structure, how they're doing it right now. So I have also done another analysis on that and I was going to say poor campaign structure. ASIN and match type. Everything's commingled in the same ad group and campaign makes it difficult to set clear objectives and work towards the desired.

Speaker A: Okay, so you, you have zero ability right now to communicate to your client. So in a way that makes you both look good, but that they understand what you're saying. So like, what does this mean? So like, what is the key finding? What is the indicated action? And then show the proof point with a visual. And it has to make sense, Right? Like ad structure is poor. What's that? What's the headline? Ad structure is poor.

Speaker B: Yeah, poor. Mm. Because.

Speaker A: Okay, why?

Speaker B: Because in the same ad group, they're advertising multiple ASINs and they have also mixed up the match types.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay, say that again. Poor ad campaign structure as in same ad group. Say that again.

Speaker B: Because in the same ad group they are advertising multiple ASINs, different products and also they're using. They have mixed up the match types.

Speaker A: Okay, Just.

Speaker B: They. Yeah, multiple.

Speaker A: I don't understand all the words. Like, okay, like, sorry, just I need to type it. But you have an accent and you say these words and you say it fast. Like I like poor ad structure as. Okay, in the same as. Problem one is in the same ad group. What is.

Speaker B: They're advertising multiple products. Multiple ASINs.

Speaker A: Okay, that's point number one.

Speaker B: Yes. And the second point is they have also mixed up the match types.

Speaker A: Okay, what is it? Match type.

Speaker B: Match types. Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, so this is how you have to communicate, right? Like your answer to me in words like. Like when you're speaking has to be like this and then you just write it, right? Like that's how like, if not, no one can understand, like most of the stuff you were saying at the master class, like, the other guy was a disaster. But like, I don't think, like, I don't think many unders understood you more. Right? Like you have to talk in a way that the audience and you have Three really smart women, like me, and the other two women, like, like, explain it to us in a way that works. So let's see. Okay, so this is just examples. Now, what would you do if they hire you? So there's enough examples here to say they should hire you. What should they hire you for? And then the formatting and all, that's a disaster. Right? Like that can't. Like, you have to get better at that. Okay, wait, wait. So this goes up higher. One sec. Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait. So let's put. Let's put this right here. Okay, so big picture, you're basically not doing anything. If you want to do something, then let's look at it. There's opportunities everywhere. Oh, by the way, just on the keywords, you know, 44% is 74% of the sales. So. And that's this last page. So what do you say we should do here for the, you know, adjust the campaigns. Right. So fix the campaigns.

Speaker B: They need a proper campaign strategy structure.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, so that's good. So this little agency that's charging $10,000, they should give that $10,000 to you, right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, so now basically you're bidding for $10,000. Okay. So you've shown all this. So this kind of flows so far, right? Like, this flows very well. Now what do you do about it?

Speaker B: So this is what I'm going to do for them. This is what I'm proposing.

Speaker A: Yeah. So what you would recommend to first fix the current ads. Right. Then improve the listings for the snacks. Then fix the buy box on the snacks. Right. On which one again? The buy box is on the snacks to go. Yes, they know that. They know that. They know they have that. Like, they're like, oh, my God. But then wouldn't you recommend tests, increasing ad spend?

Speaker B: Yeah, that's actually one of the points in this first one.

Speaker A: Okay, but let's remove it. Let's remove it. So, Okay, here I just want you to fix the current ads with the current budget. Let's keep it at two things. Okay. So they hire you. They basically take that 10,000 and give it to you. Right? Like the current budget of 20,000. Right. They basically take the agency, the 10,000 they're paying to the agency. They pay you instead. Okay. And because that's how, like, they don't know if you're any good. Right. Okay, so what would you do to fix the current ads? You would do all the stuff we've talked about, right? Improve. So would it be creative or just. It would be kind of Both more

Speaker B: form, like more of a keyword research and then. Yeah, implementing a better campaign strategy. And also we'll need a little bit more budget compared to what we're doing right now.

Speaker A: Okay, with. With test budget. So how much do you need of your test budget over the 20,000?

Speaker B: 10.

Speaker A: 1 per month. 1,000 per month.

Speaker B: Well, in terms of percentage, if we talk about if we just want to go to 10% of the revenue that will be in Canada, about 2,500 or $2,000. 2,000. 2,500amonth

Speaker A: just for Canada for three months, right?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay, so. So strategy one is spend. Hire you instead of them spend an extra 6,000 plus pay you. You'll do keyword research. You'll need improved creative. So what are you going to do? Like do you knew like new. New creative. Current and new creative.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's the second point. The listing improvement, content and SEO. That's the second point.

Speaker A: Yeah, but I'm talking about ads. This bucket here is ads. This bucket here is. Okay, just answer the question. Right. These are ads. So this is strategy one. This is your ads. This is strategy two. It's called content. Don't mix them up. Right. Like you're mixing everything up. And it's. It's hard for me to follow. One is with the current. You're asking to increase the budget from $700 to. To. You're asking to triple the budget to go to 2,000amonth for three months. You're going to do some keyword research. My question to you is, do you creative? Like what else?

Speaker B: Like for now? No, for the first three months. I don't know.

Speaker A: Current creative. So you have creative. And you're just going to be test and learn. Okay, so make the words like this is what you're going to do if they hire you to improve the current ads in Canada and the U.S. this 2000 is for Canada.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: And how much is the US

Speaker B: we can go up to 10% even there. And Suzy, if I may say, probably you can focus on Canada first because budget increasing budget by that much maybe if that is not feasible. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. So you see how this basically we don't need me to pull this out of you. Like your pages, your words need to say the right stuff. So one, I'm asking you client to hire me. And the first thing I would do is I would take your current campaign. I would focus in Canada. I'll do key research. I'll look at the current creative. You know, maybe minor tweaks, you know, minor edits to the copy or the visuals. We'll test and learn with that. And we recommend that the budget goes with budget of 10% of Rev, which means about plus 2,000 per month for three months. So $6,000. Right. So your audience now doesn't have to ask you 25 questions like, what are you saying? What do you mean? What are you saying? What do you recommend? What do you mean? What do you want me do? What are you recommending? All your audience wants to know is what are you recommending to do? How much it'll cost? Like the five whys. What are you recommending? Why? Okay, we've established the why. How's it going to work? How much is going to cost? When am I going to see results? And what are going to be results? Right? Like just the basics, business 101 business stuff. So you're recommending to improve the current ads, then in parallel, you're going to improve the current listings.

Speaker B: That's right.

Speaker A: Oh, shit. I'm supposed to be at the beach in 10 minutes. Okay, so you're supposed to improve the current listings. So can you fix this? Like, just. And then what's your fee and what's their fee? Right, so you put a summary here. So put a summary chart here of like current recommended and then put, you know, fees, like blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And then ad spend and then anything else. Like, you know, create assets. Right? Like, I don't know, like, what you're recommending. Like, just put a summary chart of what you're recommending so that like, someone like me or them can look at saying, this agency's coming in and recommending, you know, they go right to page 12. That's what everyone does in business. Like, what are you recommending? Let's say that I believe the first 10 pages. What are you recommending? Okay, they want to know, like, take it, like to the next level. Like, what are you saying? How much is going to cost me? Do I think it's going to work? Do I trust this guy? And then you listen in the meeting and then you're like, okay, this is your pay page. Like, I, you know, I believe this guy or I don't believe this guy. I'm going to give him my money or I'm not going to give him my money. Right. So like, update this page.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: And

Speaker B: I'll just.

Speaker A: This is like your menu, right? This is your menu of everything. But I don't know what to do with this. Like, this is. We'll just do exhibits here. Like, this is Kind of a, like, like a menu. I like. I don't want a menu. I don't want to work. Right. I've spent six hours of work. I don't want to work. You make it easy for me. I don't want to do the work to understand what you're recommending. You tell me what you're recommending, and my brain is going to be on analyzing it.

Speaker B: Well, I'll do that.

Speaker A: So, yeah, so here you're saying $600. So tell me what your fees are to do these four things. These five things, right? Like, where's number four? We said we're going to do another one, which is, you know, after that we're going to do a fourth one further increase budget. Increase budget. So just say what number four is. So one is, I'll do this. So how much is it going to cost to do step one? How much is it going to cost to do step two? How much is it going to cost to do step three? How much going to stop to do step four? Like, just do a chart. Like, you have four steps. And maybe you just do this. Maybe it's this. Like, what are they currently spending here in step 1, 2, 3, 4. Right? Maybe you put it this way. This is what you're currently doing. And then like, this is step one, two, three, four. Step one, two, just make it easy. Three, I'm going to be late for my thing. Three and then four. So what are they currently spending? And then what do you recommend? And what you recommend should be both fees and ads. In step two is your fees. In step three is your fees and whatever else. And step four is your fees and the ad budget and content. Right? Like you tell us if they sign on with you, if they sign on with you to do step one, which is here, right? Like, just fix this chart now. Just put it in charts. So step one, step two, step three, And then step four. One, two, three, four. Okay, so you put it in a chart, put the chart green. This is what you're recommending. So your audience, like, they're not going to have more than like an hour for you. So your goal is hire me. This is what it's going to cost. Total at the bottom, right? Like step three and then step four, and then total. This is what it's going to cost. And like, don't worry about step four because, like, you can put, you can put like. But you can put a subtotal, right? This is what it's going to cost. And then they're probably going to Ask like what would you get out of it? Right? So you have to be prepared to think about if they spend this amount of money with you. And you know, forget step four for now, but step one, two, three, if they spend and just fix the formatting. If they do this, what they're currently spending is 30,000. Right? They're currently spending 30k. So 20k plus 10 for Canada and then for the U.S. right, Canada you're doing this and U.S. you're doing whatever. What are they doing for the U.S. and then what are you recommending? Right. So, and then what are here, they're doing nothing here they're not doing anything. And okay, so current is just this. So you're spending this, whatever it is and what do you recommend? And then be prepared to talk about what you would get. So fix all of this stuff because the formatting is awful. But we need to regroup. Like I'm going to call you back at. I have a 3:30 meeting. I'm going to call you back at 3:15. I need to see this page like done. Right? Because if you can't do this page then you can't do the work.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay, right. Like this is a summary of the work. So if you can't do this page, there's no way you can do the work. And we should also rebook the meeting because this is what you're doing, right? Like this is what you're recommending to do. So you gotta be able to articulate what you're gonna do in one page. Like off the six hours we spent together. I'm asking you one page update, one page in a way that I can open up the page at 3 because I have a 3:30 or 3:15 probably. And I can understand what you're recommending to do for them because I'm kind of endorsing you right now. I don't want to endorse you because I don't even know what you're recommending. It's taken me three hours to understand what you're recommending. Right. So that's not. We don't. That, that can't happen. Okay, So I gotta go.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Because I'm late for my cold dip. So I'll, I'll call you. Send me a meeting invite for 3:15. But I'll be back hopefully before that. I'll be back at 2:45. Hopefully I'm a bit late. And then I'll call you as soon as I'm on my way, I'll text you and we can start but all I need is that page 12. Okay.

Speaker B: All right. Thank you so much, Suzy, for your time.

