Transcript for: Recording__1082.mp4
Title: Recording #1082
============================================================

Yes, it is. It is going. 30 units are going for that? Yes. In both countries, even in the U.S. and that will happen, like, right away. Now, in Canada, they have already distributed 30 units. Okay. So I'm just sort of thinking we just got to watch that inventory because we only had about two months worth, like three months worth there. But if it sells faster and the vine reviews are going out, we might need to. How many have we forecasted in Canada? Let me just take only 35 in June. Like, we've already sold 19. It's barely been on there for two weeks. Right. Like, yeah, in a week, 19, I'd say yes. So it's definitely going to sell. Like, at this rate, it will sell more than 80. 85, let's say. Okay, so maybe I should tell Annabev to prep some here then. Sorry, I'm just going to. We have 245, Bill. 245 available. It says 11 reserved show home. Remind me what that means. The reserved. Oh, it's being. It's either being processed at one of their fulfillment centers, so they're trying to process and receive them, or they're transferring between their warehouses. And that number is not included in the.245. Let me take a look. 1. Sorry, you don't. That's. So, Brittany, you're seeing there's 245 available minus 30. So we have 215 available because 30 are going to buying reviews. So if it is. No, it's not including the available inventory, the reserved ones, but in the total. Yeah, if you're saying we're tracking to 80 for June, we still have two months. It's not like a huge red flag. But yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna make a note. I think I'd like to be shameful. Like, keep in mind two major events that are. And of course, I want to ask you too. So one is, of course, prime day, and another one is back to school. And what I noticed is the search volumes go up by a lot just before September for maybe a very short period. But it does go up by a lot. So I'm not sure what kind of impact you have noticed before, but if you have, then probably you should plan for that. Okay. So I wonder if I should have Annabeth prep another 60 to 80 units of that. Another month's worth. 80 units. I'll do that. You want me to chat him? Yeah, go ahead, Brittany. You can chat. I'm gonna just say, you know, plot another 80 units to be built of the new snacks to go 8, 28 gram. Okay, so I'll start with something that I try to look at. It's six months of data. I mean, all the transactions. And I sent this to you before. Yes. Yeah. Did you get a chance to look at that? Yes, but, you know, I kind of need you to just walk me through just the motion of all that because I was kind of wondering how. Yeah, what was. I wasn't necessarily following the formulas and the. All right, let's do that. So can you see my screen? Yeah, I can. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Okay, so on this sheet, what I have done is I have downloaded all six months of all statements report. And about 29,000 rows you will see here. They have categorized all the transactions. Right. So you get to see cost of advertising, item fees, item price, withheld taxes, many other things here. Promotion. Yeah. And then again, they have some descriptions here. Okay, so what I've done is it's simple pivot table. And this is what you see. It's for the overall account. And, and how do you verify this is accurate? If you see this amount, this is the amount that you received in your bank account in the last six months. How do you know? If you look at column E, this is the total amount that has been disbursed from Amazon to the bank account. And it's 68,000. And this matches after adding up all the revenue and the expenses. So we know that this data is accurate. Okay. Now, so that's. Yeah. Total revenue minus all expenses over the last six months is $68,000. Yes. Across all sales on.ca.ca. just ca. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And if you deduct any off Amazon expense, for example, cost of goods, that's going to be your actual profit, correct? Yeah. So this is based on the cost of basically on Amazon, but none of our cost of goods are layered in here because obviously you don't have those costs. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So now these percentages are. I mean, I have calculated the percentage of spend, like in terms of percentage, basically. And you will see I have added three numbers here. So first of all, this is the revenue plus withhold taxes, plus promotions. This is a net revenue. And I have calculated the percentages for all other expenses compared to this net revenue. Hopefully that doesn't. Yeah. So you're saying in this 54, 55 of our overall costs and fees. Item fees. That's right. Crazy, right? Yeah. Yeah. So, and this is the item fee and then advertising 6.21. Now we bumped that up to 10, 11 around that and another Major one. This is not really major, but anyway. So what is this spend here I have. This is the breakdown of that spend. So if you look at that the item fees there are like six different, seven different categories. But the major ones would be this one and then this one. Right. And the others are almost ignorable. Now commission is basically Amazon's referral fee. And this is shipping and handling. Right. So if you look at this number, this is almost 40, 40% of the total revenue that we are spending on Amazon shipping and handling. Amazon. And here what you get to see is a product level breakdown of the revenue and the number of units sold. If you just input the cost of goods here per unit, it will sum everything up and you will also get to see see the profit after deducting those cost of goods. Now I'll just add a few comments here. The first thing is I think this item fee is very, is too high. The overall Amazon spend, including advertising and everything should be around. It's not should be, but it will sound more reasonable if it is. The total is around 55% whereas only the just item fees is 55%. And a big chunk of that is shipping and handling. And this is something that I was in our last meeting I mentioned. Well, we're selling food items, so I don't think it will be that high. Usually it would be very healthy if it is somewhere around 25%, 30% is still okay. But anything more than that, it's too unreasonable. That's how I think a food brand. So you're saying typically you see the fulfillment fees, 40% fulfillment fees is high. You typically see them around what, 25, 25 to let's say 30, 30 max. Yeah. So why, why would IRS be so high? That's just our form of shipping. Like how we've. I'll get into that. Okay. Yeah. And that's the major one. And another one is this withhold taxes. So based on how we have set up our tax taxes on Amazon, that determines whether they are going to collect and remit taxes, the sales taxes on behalf of us or if it is something we are collecting and then we are responsible to remit those amount to the government. So based on the amount they have collected, it feels like they are not collecting the sales taxes. And based on these, we are responsible for remitting the sales taxes the government out of this revenue. So that is also something that we need to review how it's set up currently. Right? Yeah. Well, so now let's get to why is this, Is it This high and what can you do about it? So if we go to our Amazon, this is the managing military page. Let's take a look at this product. Right. This is. I think we're discontinuing this, but anyway, we have similar products like this. Yeah, I'll just, I'll just walk you through the numbers so we understand what's happening. So we are selling this product at 18 and we are paying 10.$08 for Amazon shipping and handling. So if you want to calculate the percentage, that would mean we're paying 56% of the revenue for shipping and handling. And that is dragging down the overall. I mean not dragging down, but it's influencing. Cutting into your profit. Exactly, yeah. Dragging down the profit, yes. Whereas if you look at our best seller, It's like 9.39 $. Right. And if you divide that with 30, it's 31.3. Now, a very interesting observation about this product. I last week I asked for the dimensions from Onuva for this one and the new snack to go pack and also Camelina and I don't remember the exact dimensions, but hold on one second. And I did something crazy. I just went to the nearest Loblaws and I got the measurements from there. Yeah, so one second. I'm just trying to find the time somewhere on my phone. Okay, so the packet size, it's. If we look at that, this is 25 centimeter. And this one, the length is 20. The height is 28 centimeter around that, this is 20 centimeter at the bottom. And then the width is 10 centimeters. Now here, like this section, you can just fold it. You don't have any materials there like. No, like you can easily fold it. If you do that, it probably can reduce to almost like 22 or 21.5 centimeters. And the reason I'm mentioning all these is. One second, I'll just. Okay. I think I can also show you something from here. So you see the package, it's not even 660 gram. This is what Amazon is charging us for, by the way, the package is 450 grams. Right. The shipping weight they are charging for as if we are shipping a 1.423kg package. So they are calculating the fee according to that. And let me show you how their fees work. And the reason they are charging us for this is basically the dimensional way they are multiplying. This is the dimension that they have on in their back end. And this is also wrong. Anyway, so they are just multiplying these and then dividing that by 5,000. That's the dimensional weight that you get. So now if you go to the rate chart. Oh, one second. Okay, so this is where we fall. We fall here like it's standard fulfillment. 1400-1500 gram, 9.6 $. Now if we do a little math, I mean right now if we consider the accurate package dimension, it's 25 by 28 into 10. So that's 7,000. Divide that with 5,000. This is 1.4. So we are still here. Now if we could just fold that top and if we could reduce that to 21.5 into 28 into 10. Right? Oh no, not so sorry, sorry. Not, not that. 25 into 21.5 into 10 and then divide that by 5,000 will then pay for this one. So it's. Yes, it's like one $1 less per unit. And another thing, I don't know if this is this what I. Whatever I told you just now, it's more practical to just fold the top. But I also think that, I mean the upper. Well, I wonder, have you ordered one of these items off. Off Amazon before show home? No, I haven't because right now how it's packed, it's actually in a box. And they just put the box, they pack the box. They're not packing the bag. When we move to six packs, then they're packing the bag. Yes. So that dim. So tell me, can you go back to that other example? How is the wholesome variety pack set up? What size is. Why is that ringing in so high? Remember it was like $17 to ship or. Sorry, we're selling it for 17. Go back to that first example that you went over. Yeah, sure. Here. Yeah. So what shipping dimensions are set? Because basically what you're saying, it's critical that we look at shipping dimensions and weights because it. That's what. That's where our fees are highest right now. So this is the wholesome variety pack. Oh, it's the same. This is why it's the same, because it's in our E Commerce box. I don't have one right now. But it gets packed that item and the snacks to go item are packed in the same box right now. But what you're saying is because the snacks to go Item is a $30 item in the same box as a $17 item. Yeah, that's right. So. So because there's two ways to look at this. Get smaller boxes for the item or higher value in that small box. Right. Like it's almost like our. Because of how I see this is like okay, so I, the, I definitely see we're, we're already probably going to do better when we move to. Okay, are you able to see actually our new snacks to go because that's in a six pack. Yes, that is also by the unit. Yeah, we are also paying a very high fee for that. And I didn't, I didn't totally get it when you said, when you say that it's basically about putting more high value products instead of putting one pack. If you put two packs are you suggesting that then we'll pay less for. Yeah. So you're looking at it and saying get your shipping dimensions down so you fall into a lesser fee. But the other way you can look at is saying within that shipper dimension get a higher, get more dollars in there. A higher value item. Well, okay, so what you are suggesting right now will apply when you are shipping this inventory to Amazon, to Amazon. Right, but what I am talking about is this Amazon shipping one pack. So let's say one customer orders just one pack. They will ship that one pack to go the customer. And this fee is for that shipment. Yeah, and that's what I'm saying. It's, it's all in the same box. Show home. We haven't, we have an E Commerce box that holds that same box. So Amazon right now is not picking the bag Amazon is putting the box in. Right. So that box that the current 15, sorry 30 times 15 grand. It's the same box that's holding the three pouch packs and that is the box that Amazon is shipping to the customer. Got it. Yeah. So do you. I suggest we make that more compact in a way or we make that more compact which will happen. And that's why I'm wondering if we can see what the shipping. Are we able to see the, their fulfillment costs on the, on the new snacks to go. Yes, we can definitely do that. So then we'll be able to directly know what the savings is when we move to the six pack of the current. Right. So yeah, well if you move to the six pack of the current like. Okay, so you're suggesting that we'll put in like we'll have six of these packs in one carton. Basically. That's so that's how they ship into Amazon. Then Amazon is opening that carton and picking the bag out and then they're gonna do with whatever with that bag. Yes, but they are just measuring that bag. So these, they're going to calculate based on, based on that bag. Which is why I was suggesting if we could just somehow fold that packet and make it look like it's. Well, can you just. Can you show me. Can you show me what's the current one? What's the calculation rate? Yeah, for the new one. New. Is it the same or is it smaller? It's even more. It's even more. So we are paying 10.4 compared to 9.6. Okay. Yeah. So but where I'm going to argue this is. But our cogs is less because I'm not putting it in a box. Okay, so we need to complete the math. We need to complete the math because. Even though. Because you're saying if we fold it, add labor to fold it or put it in a box or put an elastic around it, whatever it is, for us to fold it. But now I'm ask. Adding the cost of a box, the cost of the labor to do so. So my cogs is going to go up. My fees are going to come down. Yeah, that's the math we need to do. So it's like folding it from the top and also from the side. Will that be. I think we'll save about 1.$5 if we do that per unit. So how much will our labor cost if we want to do that? And I can get. Our labor's very. Our labor is very high in packing Amazon right now. Oh, I see. Yeah. So. Because that's why we want to move to the six. Six pack. Right. Because now if I'm handling every unit, it's like. Yeah, so we have to. We have to do that math. We have to see. So, so what I'm saving over here, but did I just up my cost over there? And, and, and just effort for cost. But where this is really opening my eyes is that three, the pouches. So the variety packs that we offer with three in. I need to make that box smaller or I need to put more in that box. So that's a really interesting insight from this. That wholesome variety pack. I can make that box smaller. And I bet you cut that down significantly. And it's the same labor because it's still a box and it's still a person packing three units. So. But where operations is trying to streamline is they're saying, I don't want four different sizes of boxes to inventory. I want to buy one box. I want to streamline to one box for all of my iterations. Yeah. And also, you know, since you have to do this calculation internally, how about I send you a screenshot of these so that you can refer to, you know, These different tier size tiers. I mean shipping, weight, tears and then probably you can. Yeah, please. Yeah. And I think so. I have it. It's, it's in with our finance team to refine the cogs of our Amazon and stuff as we rationalize and we're streamlining materials and stuff. It's kind of a moving target right now. But yeah, this is an exercise. So you've done the front end of the exercise and saying, hey, I've identified these areas that we could get much more efficient but we have to do the cogs part as well so that we're looking at it as a whole. So. Yes. So thank you. Because I did need an explanation on where the every pivot table, how that was all speaking. So let me take this to my follow up to my finance team. Sure. And have them because yeah, basically you're saying, can you please populate your cogs in here so, so that we can have a more strategic discussion. All right. Okay. So should we discuss the next thing? Yes, go ahead. Yeah. All right. Sorry, I do minutes late, which is 4 o' clock your time. 2 o'. Clock, that's good. Oh, are you asking me? Yeah, no, I'm just letting you know I have to jump off in 10 minutes for sure. Oh yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah, sure. Okay. Okay. Second thing is brand tailored promotions. So Amazon gives you options, ways of reaching out to your existing customer base and they segment them based on their behavior. I mean, for example, people who abandoned, I mean, added your products to their cart but didn't purchase are, let's say the top tier customers. I mean they're very, they're very frequent. They purchase products from you very frequently. Repeat customers. So what I'm suggesting is we have ways of reaching out to them and promoting our, and we can promote our products to them. Now if we want to do it, then we also have to give them a discount. So my question would be, would you be okay with giving 10% discount? That same amount that we literally spend on advertising to get these sales, this extra revenue. And so can you just tell me how that works? So is it like so, so I'm a customer and I. So how is this audience selected? How often do they get served? Do we have to design something or is it Amazon's? Well, it's like email marketing, but we don't have to design anything and it's just Amazon, it's just us setting these up. And regarding the frequency too. We can decide how frequently we want to do it and just set them up. Amazon will Take care of that. And so basically it's like hey, 10% on off special for you, you're a VIP customer and then they can use. Is it a code that they get or they just go in? Because like do they get 10% off every time or how does. During the time we'll specify. So if we say that just for one week. Yes, and also it's very useful. Let's say we are launching a new product. Right. New snack to go. So cross sell and yeah, we can just promote the new snack to go to our audience. Well show home. You just told me that I'm not profitable and now you're asking me to give another 10%. So I get what you're saying. So are you able to select the item and you can set a specific item, it doesn't have to be your whole portfolio and you can select a specific time frame. Yes. So your recommendation is likely. This is another thing to do for the launch of the new variety pack. I'm fine with that. Yeah, yeah. And so is that something. Are you going to like start that now alongside the vine reviews? Alongside the. Or when will you. Okay. Yeah, yeah. It's something ongoing. I'd like to, I mean that's how generally I'd like to do. We like if we can generate even thousand dollar. I mean if we spend hundred dollar and if we can generate that extra thousand dollar, why not. So you mean like in terms of so $1,000 set for this specific promotion, this 10% discount? No. What I'm. I'm just you know, giving you a random example. So I'm just suggesting this is another source of revenue. Right. So if we spend another hundred dollar and can generate extra thousand dollar on top of all other efforts, why not keep. Keep on doing it every month for a different item every month or that's the strategy. We can talk about that. But okay, just as I'm just sort of. So you're saying why not do it every month And I'm just wondering though, is it served to a different audience? Like how. Yes, there are different audiences. So for example, let's say people who abandoned cart abund their like added our products to their cart but didn't purchase or people who bought from us a long time ago but they're not buying from us. So maybe give them a reminder. Hey, here's a discount for you. Yeah. So there are several options, several audiences like this and we can of course play with the strategy. Okay. And when you offer this discount, where in that pivot table does that ring? Into your advertising costs or is it a separate line item when, when we start promoting like this? It will. I'm not. Okay, so that's a. I don't have that much clarity on how it will show up, but it will definitely show up somewhere in there. Either in the form of like the revenue that you are generating. Probably that will be less. They'll already calculate this promotion or it will show up as a promotion expenditure. Okay. Because that's my next question is. So say in our current dashboard because as we start exploring these different ways of advertising or there's specific promotions on Amazon against certain ASINs. I wouldn't mind it being in our plan. Like in marketing for instance, or when we do shopify, we have an annual promotion planner that shows us when a promotion is running and what that promotion is. I'm wondering if we can add this into our dashboard. Like just so that I know, like. Okay. So yeah, I can go back to my notes and say, oh, show home. We approved a one week 10% discount in June for snacks to go. Where am I seeing this plan? So I'm wondering if we can like it could even just be a line item in our forecast. Actual or a comment like something that shows. Okay, this item, 10%. I honestly, I wouldn't even mind marking down. Oh, June, we're doing vine reviews. Right. Like I need somewhere to see the plan that we want to execute so that when I go to measure I can see all the things that we did. Will it be okay if we added. Add that as a comment we could add. Is that a comment? Like it's not so busy that we could probably start there? Yeah, you add it as the comment in. In June and say 10% one week promotion plus buying reviews or something like that. Just so that we know what additional activity happened behind those revenues. Yeah, yeah, sure. Okay. Next thing is also about giving a 10% discount and. Okay. But it's going to be meaningful, I'm going to promise you that. So it's about subscribe and save coupon. And what we want to do with this is to encourage them to subscribe and save and generally if they stay with us then I mean, I mean that's a profitable way of selling products because then we don't have to acquire new customers. That's generally more expensive than retaining existing customers. Right. So we are giving them this additional, let's say 10% discount to encourage them to subscribe and save and hopefully they will stay with us. That's, that's what we're out of this. Will you be okay with this doing this? Yeah. So because you're saying it just auto ships, then like so repeat. It heightens your repeat. So when someone is on a subscribe and Save, can they double dip into like these additional promotions of 10% and stuff? How does that work? Yes, they can. Okay, but that has to be a different order. You're right. That is. Yeah, that's a good question. So I think it will not be automatically added to their order. It has to be newer. I think I just only know shopper, like if there's a discount, unless there's like a coupon, I'm guessing they could click the coupon and then subscribe and Save price. But usually the subscribe and Save price is like a completely different part from promotions. Yeah. And subscribe and Save. Can you turn that on and off as you like as well? The coupon? No, the subscribe and Save. Yes, you can. You can. Yes you can. Here, for example, all of our products, all these products are enrolled. Auto enrolled. And this is not what we are funding. This is. Oh, seller fund. Okay. So we are funding 5%. Amazon is funding another 5%. So yes, we can also remove this product from the program or if we want, we can even increase this 5% spend to 10%. See, we have these options. So that's a 5% subs. That's a 5% subscribe and save. That's on right now. It is Auto enrolled. Yes. Okay. I thought we had something on. You know what? Leave this with me. Let's try this 10 discount. Let's get clarity on profitability. Sure. And then let's. Because what I don't want to do is hit a subscribe and Save and then we all of a sudden realize, oh, we need to do a 10 price increase. I'd almost rather those strategies go together where like if we find we have to price increase something, but then we can subscribe and say like I kind of want to look at the whole that piece first. But in terms of like a 10 discount, setting it up for a week right now and pulsing in those types of discounts, that's fine. Especially on a new item. Yeah. But just let's, let's revisit the subscribe and Save alongside. Getting more clarity on our cogs and, and where we're at with E. Jason. Yeah, sure. Yeah, yeah, that is. Let me check if I had something. Yes, a few other stuff. So one thing is this is on the old snack to go parity packs A plus content. So I would like to change These items and probably showcase the new snack to go. And I'm not sure if we should add Camelina. Basically, the products that you are going to actively sell, we should showcase them here. And are you okay with that? What item is this on the new Snacks to Go item page? It's the old one. Okay. And so, so what do you mean by that? So on. So just tell me about a content right now. So you're on the 30 times 15 gram page. You're scrolling down to the A content and it's highlighting that item. You're sailing. You want to highlight a different item. No, no, no. I'm trying to say I'll remove all of these and I'll rethink what products you should showcase here. Oh, I see. Because I believe that if we showcase a new snack to go, that will be. Definitely be more beneficial. And how. How will that be beneficial, you think? Will it? Because we don't necessarily want to move customers. We want to. They want to upsell them. Yes. So, yes, it can also move customers, but at the same time, it can also increase the bucket size because you can simply click add to cart. Right. And so isn't that on Amazon where it does it? You know, when you shop Amazon and then you scroll down and says, oh, commonly bought as well. Yes, yes, that is. That is there. But that's not under our control here. This is what we, Whatever we decide. Yeah, it's in our control. Okay. Okay. Can you show us what your recommendation would be and then I understand better when you think about. Well, for now, the new Snack to Go variety pack. Definitely that one. And I don't know if I should showcase Camely now. That's best. That's a. That performs well. But that's not very related to this. Next. Yeah, it's kind of a departure. I guess my only hesitation with that show home, because I just like to think is I, I just. If we do that, I just want to make sure we're gauging what. What's happening. Because I don't necessarily want to move customers. I want to upsell. So that's the measure we're going to like. Yeah, true. Yeah. Okay. Well, we have no way of measuring that, unfortunately. Yeah. Plus content. Yeah. So let me just think on that too. But I hear what you're saying, and the last thing is very simple. It's just that I need a. This one, I think is low resolution. So I. Okay. Can you ask. Could you get Lindsey to do that, Brittany? A higher resolution I see in your notes here a 1500 by 1500 pixel image. Oh, that one is a PNG, so it should be able to do whatever you like. I can try and do it myself too. And sorry, I don't mean to abruptly move, but I. I have to go to this meeting. So thank you so much and we will chat more soon. Show home. All right, thank you. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Yes, it is. It is going. 30 units are going for that? Yes. In both countries, even in the U.S.

Speaker B: and that will happen, like, right away.

Speaker A: Now, in Canada, they have already distributed 30 units. Okay.

Speaker B: So I'm just sort of thinking we just got to watch that inventory because we only had about two months worth, like three months worth there. But if it sells faster and the vine reviews are going out, we might need to.

Speaker A: How many have we forecasted in Canada?

Speaker B: Let me just take only 35 in June. Like, we've already sold 19. It's barely been on there for two weeks. Right.

Speaker A: Like, yeah, in a week, 19, I'd say yes. So it's definitely going to sell. Like, at this rate, it will sell more than 80. 85, let's say.

Speaker B: Okay, so maybe I should tell Annabev to prep some here then. Sorry, I'm just going to.

Speaker C: We have 245, Bill.

Speaker B: 245 available.

Speaker C: It says 11 reserved show home. Remind me what that means.

Speaker B: The reserved.

Speaker A: Oh, it's being. It's either being processed at one of their fulfillment centers, so they're trying to process and receive them, or they're transferring between their warehouses.

Speaker C: And that number is not included in the.245.

Speaker A: Let me take a look. 1.

Speaker B: Sorry, you don't. That's. So, Brittany, you're seeing there's 245 available minus 30. So we have 215 available because 30 are going to buying reviews.

Speaker A: So if it is. No, it's not including the available inventory, the reserved ones, but in the total.

Speaker B: Yeah, if you're saying we're tracking to 80 for June, we still have two months. It's not like a huge red flag. But

Speaker A: yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. I'm gonna make a note. I think I'd like to be shameful.

Speaker A: Like, keep in mind two major events that are. And of course, I want to ask you too. So one is, of course, prime day, and another one is back to school. And what I noticed is the search volumes go up by a lot just before September for maybe a very short period. But it does go up by a lot. So I'm not sure what kind of impact you have noticed before, but if you have, then probably you should plan for that.

Speaker B: Okay. So I wonder if I should have Annabeth prep another 60 to 80 units of that. Another month's worth. 80 units. I'll do that.

Speaker C: You want me to chat him?

Speaker B: Yeah, go ahead, Brittany. You can chat. I'm gonna just say, you know, plot another 80 units to be built of the new snacks to go 8, 28 gram.

Speaker A: Okay, so I'll start with something that I try to look at. It's six months of data. I mean, all the transactions. And I sent this to you before.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. Did you get a chance to look at that?

Speaker B: Yes, but, you know, I kind of need you to just walk me through just the motion of all that because I was kind of wondering how. Yeah, what was. I wasn't necessarily following the formulas and the.

Speaker A: All right, let's do that. So can you see my screen?

Speaker B: Yeah, I can. Yeah. Thanks.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, so on this sheet, what I have done is I have downloaded all six months of all statements report. And about 29,000 rows you will see here. They have categorized all the transactions. Right. So you get to see cost of advertising, item fees, item price, withheld taxes, many other things here. Promotion.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And then again, they have some descriptions here. Okay, so what I've done is it's simple pivot table. And this is what you see. It's for the overall account. And, and how do you verify this is accurate? If you see this amount, this is the amount that you received in your bank account in the last six months. How do you know? If you look at column E, this is the total amount that has been disbursed from Amazon to the bank account. And it's 68,000. And this matches after adding up all the revenue and the expenses. So we know that this data is accurate.

Speaker B: Okay. Now, so that's. Yeah. Total revenue minus all expenses over the last six months is $68,000.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Across all sales on.ca.ca.

Speaker A: just ca.

Speaker B: Yes. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: And if you deduct any off Amazon expense, for example, cost of goods, that's going to be your actual profit, correct?

Speaker B: Yeah. So this is based on the cost of basically on Amazon, but none of our cost of goods are layered in here because obviously you don't have those costs. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. So now these percentages are. I mean, I have calculated the percentage of spend, like in terms of percentage, basically. And you will see I have added three numbers here. So first of all, this is the revenue plus withhold taxes, plus promotions. This is a net revenue. And I have calculated the percentages for all other expenses compared to this net revenue. Hopefully that doesn't.

Speaker B: Yeah. So you're saying in this 54, 55 of our overall costs and fees. Item fees.

Speaker A: That's right.

Speaker B: Crazy, right?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. So, and this is the item fee and then advertising 6.21. Now we bumped that up to 10, 11 around that and another Major one. This is not really major, but anyway. So what is this spend here I have. This is the breakdown of that spend. So if you look at that the item fees there are like six different, seven different categories. But the major ones would be this one and then this one. Right. And the others are almost ignorable. Now commission is basically Amazon's referral fee. And this is shipping and handling.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: So if you look at this number, this is almost 40, 40% of the total revenue that we are spending on Amazon shipping and handling. Amazon. And here what you get to see is a product level breakdown of the revenue and the number of units sold. If you just input the cost of goods here per unit, it will sum everything up and you will also get to see see the profit after deducting those cost of goods. Now I'll just add a few comments here. The first thing is I think this item fee is very, is too high. The overall Amazon spend, including advertising and everything should be around. It's not should be, but it will sound more reasonable if it is. The total is around 55% whereas only the just item fees is 55%. And a big chunk of that is shipping and handling. And this is something that I was in our last meeting I mentioned. Well, we're selling food items, so I don't think it will be that high. Usually it would be very healthy if it is somewhere around 25%, 30% is still okay. But anything more than that, it's too unreasonable. That's how I think a food brand.

Speaker B: So you're saying typically you see the fulfillment fees, 40% fulfillment fees is high. You typically see them around what, 25,

Speaker A: 25 to let's say 30, 30 max. Yeah.

Speaker B: So why, why would IRS be so high? That's just our form of shipping. Like how we've.

Speaker A: I'll get into that.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. And that's the major one. And another one is this withhold taxes. So based on how we have set up our tax taxes on Amazon, that determines whether they are going to collect and remit taxes, the sales taxes on behalf of us or if it is something we are collecting and then we are responsible to remit those amount to the government. So based on the amount they have collected, it feels like they are not collecting the sales taxes. And based on these, we are responsible for remitting the sales taxes the government out of this revenue. So that is also something that we need to review how it's set up currently.

Speaker B: Right?

Speaker A: Yeah. Well, so now let's get to why is this, Is it This high and what can you do about it? So if we go to our Amazon, this is the managing military page. Let's take a look at this product. Right. This is. I think we're discontinuing this, but anyway, we have similar products like this. Yeah, I'll just, I'll just walk you through the numbers so we understand what's happening. So we are selling this product at 18 and we are paying 10.$08 for Amazon shipping and handling. So if you want to calculate the percentage, that would mean we're paying 56% of the revenue for shipping and handling. And that is dragging down the overall. I mean not dragging down, but it's influencing.

Speaker B: Cutting into your profit.

Speaker A: Exactly, yeah. Dragging down the profit, yes. Whereas if you look at our best seller, It's like 9.39 $. Right. And if you divide that with 30, it's 31.3. Now, a very interesting observation about this product. I last week I asked for the dimensions from Onuva for this one and the new snack to go pack and also Camelina and I don't remember the exact dimensions, but hold on one second. And I did something crazy. I just went to the nearest Loblaws and I got the measurements from there. Yeah, so one second. I'm just trying to find the time somewhere on my phone. Okay, so the packet size, it's. If we look at that, this is 25 centimeter. And this one, the length is 20. The height is 28 centimeter around that, this is 20 centimeter at the bottom. And then the width is 10 centimeters. Now here, like this section, you can just fold it. You don't have any materials there like. No, like you can easily fold it. If you do that, it probably can reduce to almost like 22 or 21.5 centimeters. And the reason I'm mentioning all these is. One second, I'll just. Okay. I think I can also show you something from here. So you see the package, it's not even 660 gram. This is what Amazon is charging us for, by the way, the package is 450 grams. Right. The shipping weight they are charging for as if we are shipping a 1.423kg package. So they are calculating the fee according to that. And let me show you how their fees work. And the reason they are charging us for this is basically the dimensional way they are multiplying. This is the dimension that they have on in their back end. And this is also wrong. Anyway, so they are just multiplying these and then dividing that by 5,000. That's the dimensional weight that you get. So now if you go to the rate chart. Oh, one second. Okay, so this is where we fall. We fall here like it's standard fulfillment. 1400-1500 gram, 9.6 $. Now if we do a little math, I mean right now if we consider the accurate package dimension, it's 25 by 28 into 10. So that's 7,000. Divide that with 5,000. This is 1.4. So we are still here. Now if we could just fold that top and if we could reduce that to 21.5 into 28 into 10. Right? Oh no, not so sorry, sorry. Not, not that. 25 into 21.5 into 10 and then divide that by 5,000 will then pay for this one. So it's. Yes, it's like one $1 less per unit. And another thing, I don't know if this is this what I. Whatever I told you just now, it's more practical to just fold the top. But I also think that, I mean the upper. Well, I wonder,

Speaker B: have you ordered one of these items off. Off Amazon before show home? No, I haven't because right now how it's packed, it's actually in a box. And they just put the box, they pack the box. They're not packing the bag. When we move to six packs, then they're packing the bag.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: So that dim. So tell me, can you go back to that other example? How is the wholesome variety pack set up? What size is. Why is that ringing in so high? Remember it was like $17 to ship or. Sorry, we're selling it for 17. Go back to that first example that you went over.

Speaker A: Yeah, sure. Here.

Speaker B: Yeah. So what shipping dimensions are set? Because basically what you're saying, it's critical that we look at shipping dimensions and weights because it. That's what. That's where our fees are highest right now. So this is the wholesome variety pack. Oh, it's the same. This is why it's the same, because it's in our E Commerce box. I don't have one right now. But it gets packed that item and the snacks to go item are packed in the same box right now. But what you're saying is because the snacks to go Item is a $30 item in the same box as a $17 item.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's right.

Speaker B: So. So because there's two ways to look at this. Get smaller boxes for the item or higher value in that small box.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Like it's almost like our. Because of how I see this is like okay, so I, the, I definitely see we're, we're already probably going to do better when we move to. Okay, are you able to see actually our new snacks to go because that's in a six pack.

Speaker A: Yes, that is also by the unit. Yeah, we are also paying a very high fee for that. And I didn't, I didn't totally get it when you said, when you say that it's basically about putting more high value products instead of putting one pack. If you put two packs are you suggesting that then we'll pay less for.

Speaker B: Yeah. So you're looking at it and saying get your shipping dimensions down so you fall into a lesser fee. But the other way you can look at is saying within that shipper dimension get a higher, get more dollars in there. A higher value item.

Speaker A: Well, okay, so what you are suggesting right now will apply when you are shipping this inventory to Amazon, to Amazon. Right, but what I am talking about is this Amazon shipping one pack. So let's say one customer orders just one pack. They will ship that one pack to go the customer. And this fee is for that shipment.

Speaker B: Yeah, and that's what I'm saying. It's, it's all in the same box. Show home. We haven't, we have an E Commerce box that holds that same box. So Amazon right now is not picking the bag Amazon is putting the box in. Right. So that box that the current 15, sorry 30 times 15 grand. It's the same box that's holding the three pouch packs and that is the box that Amazon is shipping to the customer.

Speaker A: Got it. Yeah. So do you. I suggest we make that more compact

Speaker B: in a way or we make that more compact which will happen. And that's why I'm wondering if we can see what the shipping. Are we able to see the, their fulfillment costs on the, on the new snacks to go.

Speaker A: Yes, we can definitely do that.

Speaker B: So then we'll be able to directly know what the savings is when we move to the six pack of the current. Right. So yeah, well if you move to

Speaker A: the six pack of the current like. Okay, so you're suggesting that we'll put in like we'll have six of these packs in one carton. Basically.

Speaker B: That's so that's how they ship into Amazon. Then Amazon is opening that carton and picking the bag out and then they're gonna do with whatever with that bag.

Speaker A: Yes, but they are just measuring that bag. So these, they're going to calculate based on, based on that bag. Which is why I was suggesting if we could just somehow fold that packet and make it look like it's. Well, can you just.

Speaker B: Can you show me. Can you show me what's the current one? What's the calculation rate?

Speaker A: Yeah, for the new one. New.

Speaker B: Is it the same or is it smaller?

Speaker A: It's even more. It's even more. So we are paying 10.4 compared to 9.6.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So but where I'm going to argue this is. But our cogs is less because I'm not putting it in a box.

Speaker A: Okay,

Speaker B: so we need to complete the math. We need to complete the math because. Even though. Because you're saying if we fold it, add labor to fold it or put it in a box or put an elastic around it, whatever it is, for us to fold it. But now I'm ask. Adding the cost of a box, the cost of the labor to do so. So my cogs is going to go up. My fees are going to come down.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's the math we need to do. So it's like folding it from the top and also from the side. Will that be. I think we'll save about 1.$5 if we do that per unit. So how much will our labor cost if we want to do that?

Speaker B: And I can get. Our labor's very. Our labor is very high in packing Amazon right now.

Speaker A: Oh, I see.

Speaker B: Yeah. So. Because that's why we want to move to the six. Six pack. Right. Because now if I'm handling every unit, it's like. Yeah, so we have to. We have to do that math. We have to see. So, so what I'm saving over here, but did I just up my cost over there? And, and, and just effort for cost. But where this is really opening my eyes is that three, the pouches. So the variety packs that we offer with three in. I need to make that box smaller or I need to put more in that box. So that's a really interesting insight from this. That wholesome variety pack. I can make that box smaller. And I bet you cut that down significantly. And it's the same labor because it's still a box and it's still a person packing three units. So. But where operations is trying to streamline is they're saying, I don't want four different sizes of boxes to inventory. I want to buy one box. I want to streamline to one box for all of my iterations.

Speaker A: Yeah. And also, you know, since you have to do this calculation internally, how about I send you a screenshot of these so that you can refer to, you know, These different tier size tiers. I mean shipping, weight, tears and then probably you can.

Speaker B: Yeah, please.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And I think so. I have it. It's, it's in with our finance team to refine the cogs of our Amazon and stuff as we rationalize and we're streamlining materials and stuff. It's kind of a moving target right now. But yeah, this is an exercise. So you've done the front end of the exercise and saying, hey, I've identified these areas that we could get much more efficient but we have to do the cogs part as well so that we're looking at it as a whole. So. Yes. So thank you. Because I did need an explanation on where the every pivot table, how that was all speaking. So let me take this to my follow up to my finance team.

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker B: And have them because yeah, basically you're saying, can you please populate your cogs in here so, so that we can have a more strategic discussion.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So should we discuss the next thing?

Speaker B: Yes, go ahead. Yeah.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: Sorry, I do minutes late, which is 4 o' clock your time. 2 o'. Clock, that's good.

Speaker A: Oh, are you asking me?

Speaker B: Yeah, no, I'm just letting you know I have to jump off in 10 minutes for sure.

Speaker A: Oh yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah, sure. Okay. Okay. Second thing is brand tailored promotions. So Amazon gives you options, ways of reaching out to your existing customer base and they segment them based on their behavior. I mean, for example, people who abandoned, I mean, added your products to their cart but didn't purchase are, let's say the top tier customers. I mean they're very, they're very frequent. They purchase products from you very frequently. Repeat customers. So what I'm suggesting is we have ways of reaching out to them and promoting our, and we can promote our products to them. Now if we want to do it, then we also have to give them a discount. So my question would be, would you be okay with giving 10% discount? That same amount that we literally spend on advertising to get these sales, this extra revenue.

Speaker B: And so can you just tell me how that works? So is it like so, so I'm a customer and I. So how is this audience selected? How often do they get served? Do we have to design something or is it Amazon's?

Speaker A: Well, it's like email marketing, but we don't have to design anything and it's just Amazon, it's just us setting these up. And regarding the frequency too. We can decide how frequently we want to do it and just set them up. Amazon will Take care of that.

Speaker B: And so basically it's like hey, 10% on off special for you, you're a VIP customer and then they can use. Is it a code that they get or they just go in? Because like do they get 10% off every time or how does.

Speaker A: During the time we'll specify. So if we say that just for one week. Yes, and also it's very useful. Let's say we are launching a new product. Right. New snack to go. So cross sell and yeah, we can just promote the new snack to go to our audience.

Speaker B: Well show home. You just told me that I'm not profitable and now you're asking me to give another 10%. So I get what you're saying. So are you able to select the item and you can set a specific item, it doesn't have to be your whole portfolio and you can select a specific time frame.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: So your recommendation is likely. This is another thing to do for the launch of the new variety pack. I'm fine with that.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: And so is that something. Are you going to like start that now alongside the vine reviews? Alongside the. Or when will you. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. It's something ongoing. I'd like to, I mean that's how generally I'd like to do. We like if we can generate even thousand dollar. I mean if we spend hundred dollar and if we can generate that extra thousand dollar, why not.

Speaker B: So you mean like in terms of so $1,000 set for this specific promotion, this 10% discount?

Speaker A: No. What I'm. I'm just you know, giving you a random example. So I'm just suggesting this is another source of revenue. Right. So if we spend another hundred dollar and can generate extra thousand dollar on top of all other efforts, why not keep. Keep on doing it every month

Speaker B: for a different item every month or that's the strategy.

Speaker A: We can talk about that.

Speaker B: But okay, just as I'm just sort of. So you're saying why not do it every month And I'm just wondering though, is it served to a different audience? Like how.

Speaker A: Yes, there are different audiences. So for example, let's say people who abandoned cart abund their like added our products to their cart but didn't purchase or people who bought from us a long time ago but they're not buying from us. So maybe give them a reminder. Hey, here's a discount for you. Yeah. So there are several options, several audiences like this and we can of course play with the strategy.

Speaker B: Okay. And when you offer this discount, where in that pivot table does that ring? Into your advertising costs or is it a separate line item when, when we start promoting like this? It will.

Speaker A: I'm not. Okay, so that's a. I don't have that much clarity on how it will show up, but it will definitely show up somewhere in there. Either in the form of like the revenue that you are generating. Probably that will be less. They'll already calculate this promotion or it will show up as a promotion expenditure.

Speaker B: Okay. Because that's my next question is. So say in our current dashboard because as we start exploring these different ways of advertising or there's specific promotions on Amazon against certain ASINs. I wouldn't mind it being in our plan. Like in marketing for instance, or when we do shopify, we have an annual promotion planner that shows us when a promotion is running and what that promotion is. I'm wondering if we can add this into our dashboard. Like just so that I know, like. Okay. So yeah, I can go back to my notes and say, oh, show home. We approved a one week 10% discount in June for snacks to go. Where am I seeing this plan? So I'm wondering if we can like it could even just be a line item in our forecast. Actual or a comment like something that shows. Okay, this item, 10%. I honestly, I wouldn't even mind marking down. Oh, June, we're doing vine reviews. Right. Like I need somewhere to see the plan that we want to execute so that when I go to measure I can see all the things that we did.

Speaker A: Will it be okay if we added. Add that as a comment

Speaker B: we could add. Is that a comment? Like it's not so busy that we could probably start there? Yeah, you add it as the comment in. In June and say 10% one week promotion plus buying reviews or something like that. Just so that we know what additional activity happened behind those revenues.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, sure. Okay. Next thing is also about giving a 10% discount and. Okay. But it's going to be meaningful, I'm going to promise you that. So it's about subscribe and save coupon. And what we want to do with this is to encourage them to subscribe and save and generally if they stay with us then I mean, I mean that's a profitable way of selling products because then we don't have to acquire new customers. That's generally more expensive than retaining existing customers. Right. So we are giving them this additional, let's say 10% discount to encourage them to subscribe and save and hopefully they will stay with us. That's, that's what we're out of this. Will you be okay with this doing this?

Speaker B: Yeah. So because you're saying it just auto ships, then like so repeat. It heightens your repeat. So when someone is on a subscribe and Save, can they double dip into like these additional promotions of 10% and stuff? How does that work?

Speaker A: Yes, they can.

Speaker C: Okay,

Speaker A: but that has to be a different order. You're right. That is. Yeah, that's a good question. So I think it will not be automatically added to their order. It has to be newer.

Speaker C: I think I just only know shopper, like if there's a discount, unless there's like a coupon, I'm guessing they could click the coupon and then subscribe and Save price. But usually the subscribe and Save price is like a completely different part from promotions.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And subscribe and Save. Can you turn that on and off as you like as well?

Speaker A: The coupon?

Speaker B: No, the subscribe and Save.

Speaker A: Yes, you can. You can. Yes you can. Here, for example, all of our products, all these products are enrolled. Auto enrolled. And this is not what we are funding. This is. Oh, seller fund. Okay. So we are funding 5%. Amazon is funding another 5%. So yes, we can also remove this product from the program or if we want, we can even increase this 5% spend to 10%. See, we have these options.

Speaker B: So that's a 5% subs. That's a 5% subscribe and save. That's on right now.

Speaker A: It is Auto enrolled. Yes.

Speaker B: Okay. I thought we had something on. You know what? Leave this with me. Let's try this 10 discount. Let's get clarity on profitability.

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker C: And then let's.

Speaker B: Because what I don't want to do is hit a subscribe and Save and then we all of a sudden realize, oh, we need to do a 10 price increase. I'd almost rather those strategies go together where like if we find we have to price increase something, but then we can subscribe and say like I kind of want to look at the whole that piece first. But in terms of like a 10 discount, setting it up for a week right now and pulsing in those types of discounts, that's fine. Especially on a new item.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: But just let's, let's revisit the subscribe and Save alongside. Getting more clarity on our cogs and, and where we're at with E. Jason.

Speaker A: Yeah, sure. Yeah, yeah, that is. Let me check if I had something. Yes, a few other stuff. So one thing is this is on the old snack to go parity packs A plus content. So I would like to change These items and probably showcase the new snack to go. And I'm not sure if we should add Camelina. Basically, the products that you are going to actively sell, we should showcase them here. And are you okay with that?

Speaker B: What item is this on the new Snacks to Go item page?

Speaker A: It's the old one.

Speaker B: Okay. And so, so what do you mean by that? So on. So just tell me about a content right now. So you're on the 30 times 15 gram page. You're scrolling down to the A content and it's highlighting that item. You're sailing. You want to highlight a different item.

Speaker A: No, no, no. I'm trying to say I'll remove all of these and I'll rethink what products you should showcase here.

Speaker B: Oh, I see.

Speaker A: Because I believe that if we showcase a new snack to go, that will be. Definitely be more beneficial.

Speaker B: And how. How will that be beneficial, you think? Will it? Because we don't necessarily want to move customers. We want to. They want to upsell them.

Speaker A: Yes. So, yes, it can also move customers, but at the same time, it can also increase the bucket size because you can simply click add to cart.

Speaker B: Right. And so isn't that on Amazon where it does it? You know, when you shop Amazon and then you scroll down and says, oh, commonly bought as well.

Speaker A: Yes, yes, that is. That is there. But that's not under our control here. This is what we, Whatever we decide. Yeah, it's in our control.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Can you show us what your recommendation would be and then I understand better when you think about.

Speaker A: Well, for now, the new Snack to Go variety pack. Definitely that one. And I don't know if I should showcase Camely now. That's best. That's a. That performs well. But that's not very related to this. Next.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's kind of a departure. I guess my only hesitation with that show home, because I just like to think is I, I just. If we do that, I just want to make sure we're gauging what. What's happening. Because I don't necessarily want to move customers. I want to upsell. So that's the measure we're going to like.

Speaker A: Yeah, true. Yeah. Okay. Well, we have no way of measuring that, unfortunately.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Plus content. Yeah.

Speaker B: So let me just think on that too. But I hear what you're saying, and

Speaker A: the last thing is very simple. It's just that I need a. This one, I think is low resolution. So I.

Speaker B: Okay. Can you ask. Could you get Lindsey to do that, Brittany? A higher resolution I see in your notes here a 1500 by 1500 pixel image.

Speaker C: Oh, that one is a PNG, so it should be able to do whatever you like. I can try and do it myself too.

Speaker B: And sorry, I don't mean to abruptly move, but I. I have to go to this meeting. So thank you so much and we will chat more soon. Show home.

Speaker A: All right, thank you. Bye now.

