Transcript for: Recording__1077.mp4
Title: Recording #1077
============================================================

Colored vowels. So it's like where schwa R is and everything like that. What? What is it again, please? O plus R. O plus R, Yes. O plus R. Yes. Oh yeah, I found it. Presentation. We're going to do practice, actually. Okay. Okay. Now the reason we're going to just jump straight into the practice here is because we're not really learning anything new. The R is going to be how it is. It's just that something about how the O is pronounced. Usually my students find it easier to pronounce the R right after. So usually they look at or words and their R is a little more clearer just because of the combination. We're going to see if that's the case with you. So if you would like. Can you go ahead and read the first 10, just the words. So like R, not R or orange juice, organ. Just the first ten words. Sure. R, R, Orange. Orange, organ. Order, origami, oral, organized origin, Orifice, orbiting. Don't like that word. No, not orifice. Like I think the tongue. The tip of the tongue was ruled. Orchestra, organically or archer. Oh, sorry. I read 15. Sorry. That's okay. We're here for language, not for numbers. So how. Where was the shape of your tongue? It sounded like the tip of your tongue. It sounded like the bottom of your tongue was down and your back, your tongue was up. It sounded like it had the right position. I feel that too. Yeah, perfect. So it was working in that way. Yes. That is the same exact position I want you to have every time you pronounce R. Only thing it sounded like there wasn't a lot of tension, which is good because we've been practicing getting rid of the tension. So it shows that you have been doing those practices with the lower placement, all that fun stuff. But now we're going to kind of. We have the low placement, no tension. We're going to bring some of it back. We're going to resurrect it. Okay, so we're going to have a little bit more of the tension. It just means that you're going to have a little bit of tension maybe here in the top of the throat and a little bit in the back of the tongue that er. We're going to try to be a little dramatic with it just to see how clear the sound is. So you're going to keep it in the same position plus a little bit of tension. So like or orange juice, Oregon order or a gummy oral. A little bit over the top, but go ahead and read the first. How do you do that? Tension. So you just kind of tighten your tongue a little bit, like the same way. Like when your arm is relaxed versus when you're flexing, you just kind of tense it up a little bit. And for example, here's another example of when you tense your tongue. When you make the schwa sound, is there any tension in your tongue? What about when you make the short A sound, like in the word cat, and you have that added tension probably in the back of the mouth as well? Mm, yeah. Similar muscles to R, just different position. Like that. Like there's a vibration here. Like. Like, I can't describe that, but there's some vibration somewhere in the back of the mouth and the tongue somewhere in there. When you make the R sound, you will feel a little bit of a vibration. Okay. And stiff. The tongue will be stiff. Yes. Now say that in a few of these words for me. That, er. Put it in these words. Okay. Orange. Organ. Make sure that you're pronouncing the O. So it's not organ, it's organ. Organ. Yeah. Organ. Order, Origami, oral. Organized origin. This O is not old. It's au. More like that, isn't it? Origin. Origin. Origin. It's or. Origin. It's pronounced the same way as or. Or. Or orange. Origin. Or origin. Organ. Order, Origami, oral. It was not. Okay. Organized origin. Orifice, Orbiting. All right, Orchard, I'm gonna have you read. Careful with the orchard. That's 11. I'm gonna have you read maybe 11 through 15. Like orchard to orchid to orchard. I'm gonna have you read those ones. A little bit less tension. The tension and the placement and the position. All the right areas now just a little bit less. Because we were being dramatic on how tense tongue was. So just a little bit less, and your R will be perfect. Okay, Go ahead. Okay. Orchid. Sorry. Orchid. Ordinary. Orchestra or organically. Orchard. Oregano. Oregano. Oregano. Oregano. Okay. Oregano. Organism. Yeah, that's a short O. The A is a short O. It's not gano. It's gonnel. Or. I can't say. Oregano. Guno. Okay. Oregano. Oregano. Perfect. All right. Your R is good. Really? Yes. Okay. That trick almost always works, I think. I've had, like, one student where he hated the trick. He was like, what's happening? And are worse. But other than that, perfect. Whatever you're doing, we're going to go ahead and plug that into some tongue twisters here. Oh, my God. Okay. Oh, thanks for sneezing on me, by the way, Cooper. All right, we're going to plug that into some tug twisters. So with the. Or, like I said, the O kind of feeds the R into the placement, because when you say. When you start to say the O sound, it already has a similar position. So o. R. The R is pretty easy. But we're going to see if we can keep that energy when there's not an o there to kind of support the R emotionally. So let's see how that works. If you want to go ahead and peek at these tongue twisters. Sure. You're like, yeah, sure. As if you have a choice. All right, let's see. We have the pictures of the tongue twisters, but we're going to go down lower where they're actually written out. Okay. What is that? They're at Ran from there from. Raise Ruth's red roof. Oh, okay. Raise roots. Right. Okay, so you want me to read from there into the entire paragraph? Not. So read just the first three. Okay. Okay. Raise Ruth. Raid. Roof. Roof. Really? It's so common. Really? Leary. Rarely Larry Real. Rear wheel. Why Will. Okay. Anyway, it's a real rare real. It's not a fake one. Okay. Okay, read them again. Draw out the R a little bit. We're going to be a little bit dramatic. We're going to be like, raise Ruth's red roof. Sure. Okay. Yeah. Raise Ruth red roof. Really? Leary. Really, Larry. Real. Real. All right. Are you adding quite a bit of tension to your throat as well? Okay, correct me if I'm wrong, because I can only hear so much through a microphone. Correct me if I'm wrong, but it sounds like when you were reading the or that you had maybe a little bit of tension in your tongue, but not so much in your throat. And now that you're reading it without the O, like I said, it's easier to pronounce R with the O. So without the O, your body's kind of trying to compensate and it's adding some tension to the throat. Does that sound about right? Yeah. And also, I'm not sure if the position of the tongue is perfect. Well, when you're stretching it out, tell me where it is. I'll have to try again. Can I? Yeah. Raise. Root. Root. Rain. Roof. All right, now try to think of some words that had. Or like. Or organ. Original. Does it sound like the same position? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. I think what's happening is you're just hearing there is some added tension to your throat. What I think is happening is that it's harder to pronounce r without o and Your brain's trying to be like, okay, how can we make this R sound more R? And it's adding some more tension, but it happens to be in your throat, which is just making the sound less clear. What I think would be helpful is if you practice with the or. With the or, it was perfect. We only looked at it enough to. For me to say, oh, it's good, it's good, it's good. Let's move on. But I think maybe going back, taking some time with it, looking over, practicing the or. Once you're more comfortable with the R, try to plug it into these tongue twisters. So take the or, double check the position. Especially make sure. Check how much tension you have in the throat. Just so that when you are reading these, you can remind yourself where exactly the tension was. I think the tension is the big difficulty because you're. It's very. R is hard. Okay. It's R, glottal, V and W. Those are the ones that people don't like. R is difficult. And it's difficult because it's not just a flow of air, like F, V, th, whatever. It's because you have to have the right vibration, which means you have to have, like, very perfect tension you can't see. And it's very hard to guess where it is. So play around with the tension, especially with or, where you were doing it well just a minute ago. And then when you're comfortable, plug it into these words. Okay? Okay. Any questions there? No, this is really good. I'd say. Oh, there you go. Okay. Yeah, I think the OR will be very helpful. So you have two options. You can either do the practice we just talked about, or you can make sure that every word you say with OR for the rest of your life is that they're the only words you say with O, R, and that you never say R without the O ever again. Those are your two choices. So practice that a little bit. Practice the or. Let me know next time how you're feeling about it. We can go back to OR a little bit, play around with it, see how it is. But I want you to tell me how you were able to practice so that we could figure out how you could practice it further in a way that works for you. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. My student will also. They just canceled this week, so I had some extra time after our usual class, but they'll be back, so we're going to keep it to our usual time. So if you have any more fun facts about language, you have to tell me now and then we can go ahead now. Okay. You know what? See, you once mentioned that I should pick one like a few words every week and practice time. Right. So is there something that you want me to keep on doing? I think he keywords can be helpful with any new sound, especially with R. So some keywords here, if there's. If there are any words with or that you find that you use a lot. O R take two or is quite common. So if you tell yourself, okay, every time I say or, I'm going to double check where my tongue is, what's happening. That can be useful. If you talk about organs a lot. I don't know any of those words. Organs, original or oragami. Any of those words that you think he would use quite a bit. Just pay attention to your. That could be my key word situations. Yeah, right. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Just be like, okay, was that a word with or okay, how's the R looking? That could be helpful. Yeah, same. So practically, what do you see me like? You already mentioned that I improved in some areas. I also have. I also realized that I have changed how I pronounce things. It's probably much more clear than before. I'm just thinking like, how, like at what point people will not realize that I'm from India. I mean, of course they can see it on my face. But. But you know, overall, I mean, like I mentioned in some cases, some clients would say so they will ask me like, where I'm from, I'm in Canada, that's fine. And then, are you really from Canada? That kind of. When will they stop asking that kind of question? When Americans stop being rude. No, the real answer, if you're really looking at kind of minimal with an Indian accent, the most noticeable things would be the intonation. Intonation and tea and tea. Yeah. Like just all languages. All. All of my language learners, most of them, when they learn T, they learn T. Says T. Wet, water. Yes. Cotton, whatever. World of tea. We kind of looked at that. Tea. That's one reason we went over tea so much. Tea is pretty noticeable with an Indian accent. And then intonation. And I wanted to go over placement first because placement adds tension and tension changes your intonation. So that's one thing. Gearing up to intonation. Are you familiar with intonation at all? What it is? A little bit, yeah. It's like different phrases, like in the same word, different house, different syllables are stressed. That's intonation is that it has to do with stress. Stress changes intonation. But intonation is also its own thing. Really? So intonation is the pitch of your voice, how it goes up and down. So if I say this is Cooper versus this is Cooper. Oh, yeah. Question mark. Yes. So it could be a question mark. It could be a pause. I pause quite a bit when I speak, especially during my classes, because I'm trying to see your face. Like, do I have to stop and re. Explain? Like pause quite a bit. And whenever someone pauses, they raise their intonation. So if I'm like. Basically what this means is that R is. It's difficult because something like that. So it goes up whenever I pause. So intonation has its own rules within a word and within a sentence, and it's a little bit of both. So when we start looking at stress and intonation, we're going to point it out specifically. I see. Yeah. Okay. And you know, sometimes I think that the way I pronounce D, if it's very. There's an accident. I don't know what specifically it is, but there's this. An Indian thing to it. Indian thing? Like Indian th thing. Okay. Okay. So I don't know exactly, but I have also seen that sometimes I would pronounce D in a way that sounds. That definitely says that. Okay. This is an Indian accent. Know what that is? We covered D already, right? We looked at D when we looked at T. Yes, sir. Can you make a D sound? Go ahead. Say some words that start with D for me. Good. Start with D. Oh, door. What are you doing? Dress. Well, what I'm doing. Well, dress doesn't count because that's a J. Oh. Oh, yeah, we did that one. Oh, I did realize we do that. Okay. Education, for example, did we talk about. I don't. I don't know if we talked about it. Education, for example. Right. Education's a J. Yes, we did that one. Education is a J. Yeah, yeah. But we didn't do D. I don't think we did D. Okay, we can come back and we can circle about D a little bit. Sure. Yeah. So we'll come back. A couple things. Just individual words, not a real big pattern. How do you say these words? Says clothes. So instead of says. Because sometimes you say says. Like he says that it says. Okay. Says that E is like A becomes an E. Like said. Huh. Said, but says says. And then how do you say the other one? Close. What would be the difference between close and close? Close. Uh huh. Well, Z and S, like zu san and S. So Z and. Yes. What's the difference meaning wise? Because they're different words. Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, you mentioned that once. It's like when it's a verb when I'm saying like close the door. I forgot which one's for which, but close the door. And then I'm close with her. Yes. Yeah. So when you were saying like you were talking about people you're close to, you would use different type of language. The close ones, you were saying close ones. So make sure it's with an S. Close is you're close to someone. Close is a verb. Just like use and use, same thing. You use something verb wise, which. And then what's the use? Yeah, what's the use? How do you use this? What is its use? Something like that. Yeah. So that's. Just keep an ear out for those particular Z's and S's and then says is with an e. All right, so next time we could start looking at D a little bit, but after that. I don't mean to rush. I'm just asking. No, no, we could start looking at D. I want you to practice R. I want you to practice placement. Because placement is going to be very helpful for intonation. Already I've noticed when you lower your placement, you naturally change your intonation. And we're going to look at that a little bit in detail. Yes. Okay. So when we look at what intonation is, I think you'll realize it too. Sure. Okay. So you said your next class got canceled? My class that I usually have after you. Okay, so I. I have a class here in a second. I usually have a class like right after you, which is why we were able to. I usually have a class at 10. Okay. But I have one right now, so I'll go. All right. We'll talk about these other ones later. If you have a particular order you want to do them in, let me know. If not, I will. See you next time. Yes, see you next time. Same. Nice talking to you today.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Colored vowels. So it's like where schwa R is and everything like that.

Speaker B: What? What is it again, please?

Speaker A: O plus R. O plus R, Yes.

Speaker B: O plus R. Yes. Oh yeah, I found it. Presentation.

Speaker A: We're going to do practice, actually.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Now the reason we're going to just jump straight into the practice here is because we're not really learning anything new. The R is going to be how it is. It's just that something about how the O is pronounced. Usually my students find it easier to pronounce the R right after. So usually they look at or words and their R is a little more clearer just because of the combination. We're going to see if that's the case with you. So if you would like. Can you go ahead and read the first 10, just the words. So like R, not R or orange juice, organ. Just the first ten words.

Speaker B: Sure. R, R, Orange. Orange, organ.

Speaker A: Order,

Speaker B: origami, oral, organized origin, Orifice, orbiting.

Speaker A: Don't like that word.

Speaker B: No, not orifice. Like I think the tongue. The tip of the tongue was ruled. Orchestra, organically or archer. Oh, sorry. I read 15. Sorry.

Speaker A: That's okay. We're here for language, not for numbers. So how. Where was the shape of your tongue? It sounded like the tip of your tongue. It sounded like the bottom of your tongue was down and your back, your tongue was up. It sounded like it had the right position.

Speaker B: I feel that too.

Speaker A: Yeah, perfect. So it was working in that way.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: That is the same exact position I want you to have every time you pronounce R. Only thing it sounded like there wasn't a lot of tension, which is good because we've been practicing getting rid of the tension. So it shows that you have been doing those practices with the lower placement, all that fun stuff. But now we're going to kind of. We have the low placement, no tension. We're going to bring some of it back. We're going to resurrect it. Okay, so we're going to have a little bit more of the tension. It just means that you're going to have a little bit of tension maybe here in the top of the throat and a little bit in the back of the tongue that er. We're going to try to be a little dramatic with it just to see how clear the sound is. So you're going to keep it in the same position plus a little bit of tension. So like or orange juice, Oregon order or a gummy oral. A little bit over the top, but go ahead and read the first.

Speaker B: How do you do that? Tension.

Speaker A: So you just kind of tighten your tongue a little bit, like the same way. Like when your arm is relaxed versus when you're flexing, you just kind of tense it up a little bit. And for example, here's another example of when you tense your tongue. When you make the schwa sound, is there any tension in your tongue? What about when you make the short A sound, like in the word cat, and you have that added tension probably in the back of the mouth as well?

Speaker B: Mm, yeah.

Speaker A: Similar muscles to R, just different position. Like that.

Speaker B: Like there's a vibration here. Like. Like, I can't describe that, but there's some vibration somewhere in the back of the mouth and the tongue somewhere in there.

Speaker A: When you make the R sound, you will feel a little bit of a vibration.

Speaker B: Okay. And stiff. The tongue will be stiff.

Speaker A: Yes. Now say that in a few of these words for me. That, er. Put it in these words.

Speaker B: Okay. Orange. Organ.

Speaker A: Make sure that you're pronouncing the O. So it's not organ, it's organ.

Speaker B: Organ. Yeah.

Speaker A: Organ.

Speaker B: Order, Origami, oral. Organized origin. This O is not old. It's au. More like that, isn't it? Origin. Origin.

Speaker A: Origin. It's or.

Speaker B: Origin.

Speaker A: It's pronounced the same way as or. Or. Or orange. Origin.

Speaker B: Or origin. Organ. Order, Origami, oral. It was not. Okay. Organized origin. Orifice, Orbiting.

Speaker A: All right, Orchard, I'm gonna have you read. Careful with the orchard. That's 11. I'm gonna have you read maybe 11 through 15. Like orchard to orchid to orchard. I'm gonna have you read those ones. A little bit less tension. The tension and the placement and the position. All the right areas now just a little bit less. Because we were being dramatic on how tense tongue was. So just a little bit less, and your R will be perfect.

Speaker B: Okay,

Speaker A: Go ahead.

Speaker B: Okay. Orchid. Sorry. Orchid. Ordinary. Orchestra or organically. Orchard. Oregano. Oregano.

Speaker A: Oregano.

Speaker B: Oregano. Okay. Oregano. Organism.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's a short O. The A is a short O. It's not gano. It's gonnel. Or. I can't say. Oregano. Guno.

Speaker B: Okay. Oregano. Oregano.

Speaker A: Perfect. All right. Your R is good.

Speaker B: Really?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: That trick almost always works, I think. I've had, like, one student where he hated the trick. He was like, what's happening? And are worse. But other than that, perfect. Whatever you're doing, we're going to go ahead and plug that into some tongue twisters here.

Speaker B: Oh, my God. Okay.

Speaker A: Oh, thanks for sneezing on me, by the way, Cooper. All right, we're going to plug that into some tug twisters. So with the. Or, like I said, the O kind of feeds the R into the placement, because when you say. When you start to say the O sound, it already has a similar position. So o. R. The R is pretty easy. But we're going to see if we can keep that energy when there's not an o there to kind of support the R emotionally. So let's see how that works. If you want to go ahead and peek at these tongue twisters.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: You're like, yeah, sure. As if you have a choice. All right, let's see. We have the pictures of the tongue twisters, but we're going to go down lower where they're actually written out.

Speaker B: Okay. What is that? They're at Ran from there from.

Speaker A: Raise Ruth's red roof.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. Raise roots. Right. Okay, so you want me to read from there into the entire paragraph?

Speaker A: Not. So read just the first three.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Raise Ruth. Raid. Roof. Roof. Really? It's so common. Really? Leary. Rarely Larry Real. Rear wheel. Why Will. Okay.

Speaker A: Anyway, it's a real rare real. It's not a fake one. Okay. Okay, read them again. Draw out the R a little bit. We're going to be a little bit dramatic. We're going to be like, raise Ruth's red roof.

Speaker B: Sure. Okay. Yeah. Raise Ruth red roof. Really? Leary. Really, Larry. Real. Real.

Speaker A: All right. Are you adding quite a bit of tension to your throat as well? Okay, correct me if I'm wrong, because I can only hear so much through a microphone. Correct me if I'm wrong, but it sounds like when you were reading the or that you had maybe a little bit of tension in your tongue, but not so much in your throat. And now that you're reading it without the O, like I said, it's easier to pronounce R with the O. So without the O, your body's kind of trying to compensate and it's adding some tension to the throat. Does that sound about right?

Speaker B: Yeah. And also, I'm not sure if the position of the tongue is perfect.

Speaker A: Well, when you're stretching it out, tell me where it is.

Speaker B: I'll have to try again. Can I?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Raise. Root. Root. Rain. Roof.

Speaker A: All right, now try to think of some words that had. Or like. Or organ.

Speaker B: Original.

Speaker A: Does it sound like the same position?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. I think what's happening is you're just hearing there is some added tension to your throat. What I think is happening is that it's harder to pronounce r without o and Your brain's trying to be like, okay, how can we make this R sound more R? And it's adding some more tension, but it happens to be in your throat, which is just making the sound less clear. What I think would be helpful is if you practice with the or. With the or, it was perfect. We only looked at it enough to. For me to say, oh, it's good, it's good, it's good. Let's move on. But I think maybe going back, taking some time with it, looking over, practicing the or. Once you're more comfortable with the R, try to plug it into these tongue twisters. So take the or, double check the position. Especially make sure. Check how much tension you have in the throat. Just so that when you are reading these, you can remind yourself where exactly the tension was. I think the tension is the big difficulty because you're. It's very. R is hard. Okay. It's R, glottal, V and W. Those are the ones that people don't like. R is difficult. And it's difficult because it's not just a flow of air, like F, V, th, whatever. It's because you have to have the right vibration, which means you have to have, like, very perfect tension you can't see. And it's very hard to guess where it is. So play around with the tension, especially with or, where you were doing it well just a minute ago. And then when you're comfortable, plug it into these words.

Speaker B: Okay?

Speaker A: Okay. Any questions there?

Speaker B: No, this is really good. I'd say. Oh, there you go.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, I think the OR will be very helpful. So you have two options. You can either do the practice we just talked about, or you can make sure that every word you say with OR for the rest of your life is that they're the only words you say with O, R, and that you never say R without the O ever again. Those are your two choices. So practice that a little bit. Practice the or. Let me know next time how you're feeling about it. We can go back to OR a little bit, play around with it, see how it is. But I want you to tell me how you were able to practice so that we could figure out how you could practice it further in a way that works for you.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. My student will also. They just canceled this week, so I had some extra time after our usual class, but they'll be back, so we're going to keep it to our usual time. So if you have any more fun facts about language, you have to tell me now and then we can go ahead now.

Speaker B: Okay. You know what? See, you once mentioned that I should pick one like a few words every week and practice time.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: So is there something that you want me to keep on doing?

Speaker A: I think he keywords can be helpful with any new sound, especially with R. So some keywords here, if there's. If there are any words with or that you find that you use a lot. O R take two or is quite common. So if you tell yourself, okay, every time I say or, I'm going to double check where my tongue is, what's happening. That can be useful. If you talk about organs a lot. I don't know any of those words. Organs, original or oragami. Any of those words that you think he would use quite a bit. Just pay attention to your. That could be my key word situations. Yeah, right.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Just be like, okay, was that a word with or okay, how's the R looking? That could be helpful.

Speaker B: Yeah, same. So practically, what do you see me like? You already mentioned that I improved in some areas. I also have. I also realized that I have changed how I pronounce things. It's probably much more clear than before. I'm just thinking like, how, like at what point people will not realize that I'm from India. I mean, of course they can see it on my face. But. But you know, overall, I mean, like I mentioned in some cases, some clients would say so they will ask me like, where I'm from, I'm in Canada, that's fine. And then, are you really from Canada? That kind of. When will they stop asking that kind of question?

Speaker A: When Americans stop being rude. No, the real answer, if you're really looking at kind of minimal with an Indian accent, the most noticeable things would be the intonation. Intonation and tea and tea.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Like just all languages. All. All of my language learners, most of them, when they learn T, they learn T. Says T. Wet, water.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Cotton, whatever. World of tea. We kind of looked at that. Tea. That's one reason we went over tea so much. Tea is pretty noticeable with an Indian accent. And then intonation. And I wanted to go over placement first because placement adds tension and tension changes your intonation. So that's one thing. Gearing up to intonation. Are you familiar with intonation at all? What it is?

Speaker B: A little bit, yeah. It's like different phrases, like in the same word, different house, different syllables are stressed.

Speaker A: That's intonation is that it has to do with stress. Stress changes intonation. But intonation is also its own thing. Really? So intonation is the pitch of your voice, how it goes up and down. So if I say this is Cooper versus this is Cooper.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah. Question mark.

Speaker A: Yes. So it could be a question mark. It could be a pause. I pause quite a bit when I speak, especially during my classes, because I'm trying to see your face. Like, do I have to stop and re. Explain? Like pause quite a bit. And whenever someone pauses, they raise their intonation. So if I'm like. Basically what this means is that R is. It's difficult because something like that. So it goes up whenever I pause. So intonation has its own rules within a word and within a sentence, and it's a little bit of both. So when we start looking at stress and intonation, we're going to point it out specifically.

Speaker B: I see. Yeah. Okay. And you know, sometimes I think that the way I pronounce D, if it's very. There's an accident. I don't know what specifically it is, but there's this. An Indian thing to it.

Speaker A: Indian thing? Like Indian th thing.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. So I don't know exactly, but I have also seen that sometimes I would pronounce D in a way that sounds. That definitely says that. Okay. This is an Indian accent. Know what that is? We covered D already, right?

Speaker A: We looked at D when we looked at T. Yes, sir. Can you make a D sound? Go ahead. Say some words that start with D for me.

Speaker B: Good. Start with D. Oh, door.

Speaker A: What are you doing?

Speaker B: Dress. Well, what I'm doing.

Speaker A: Well, dress doesn't count because that's a J. Oh.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah, we did that one. Oh, I did realize we do that. Okay.

Speaker A: Education, for example, did we talk about. I don't. I don't know if we talked about it.

Speaker B: Education, for example. Right.

Speaker A: Education's a J.

Speaker B: Yes, we did that one.

Speaker A: Education is a J. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: But we didn't do D. I don't

Speaker A: think we did D. Okay, we can come back and we can circle about D a little bit. Sure.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So we'll come back. A couple things. Just individual words, not a real big pattern. How do you say these words?

Speaker B: Says clothes.

Speaker A: So instead of says. Because sometimes you say says. Like he says that it says.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Says that E is like A becomes an E. Like said.

Speaker B: Huh.

Speaker A: Said, but says says. And then how do you say the other one?

Speaker B: Close.

Speaker A: What would be the difference between close and close? Close.

Speaker B: Uh huh. Well, Z and S, like zu san and S. So Z and. Yes.

Speaker A: What's the difference meaning wise? Because they're different words.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, you mentioned that once. It's like when it's a verb when I'm saying like close the door. I forgot which one's for which, but close the door. And then I'm close with her.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So when you were saying like you were talking about people you're close to, you would use different type of language. The close ones, you were saying close ones. So make sure it's with an S. Close is you're close to someone. Close is a verb. Just like use and use, same thing. You use something verb wise, which.

Speaker B: And then what's the use?

Speaker A: Yeah, what's the use? How do you use this? What is its use? Something like that. Yeah. So that's. Just keep an ear out for those particular Z's and S's and then says is with an e. All right, so next time we could start looking at D a little bit, but after that.

Speaker B: I don't mean to rush. I'm just asking.

Speaker A: No, no, we could start looking at D. I want you to practice R. I want you to practice placement. Because placement is going to be very helpful for intonation. Already I've noticed when you lower your placement, you naturally change your intonation. And we're going to look at that a little bit in detail. Yes.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So when we look at what intonation is, I think you'll realize it too.

Speaker B: Sure. Okay. So you said your next class got canceled?

Speaker A: My class that I usually have after you. Okay, so I. I have a class here in a second. I usually have a class like right after you, which is why we were able to. I usually have a class at 10.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: But I have one right now, so I'll go.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker A: We'll talk about these other ones later. If you have a particular order you want to do them in, let me know. If not, I will. See you next time.

Speaker B: Yes, see you next time. Same. Nice talking to you today.

