Transcript for: Recording__18 (3).mp4
Title: Recording #183
============================================================

So we received the reply. So so far it makes sense, right? You just send it over to the contacts. If the order starts with 8, 4, 7 like these ones do, then it's us. I forget what it is. For Canada, it's 8 something we can check in a minute. But then it's Canada. You can also just log into the portal and just search the number if it comes up. But 847 is always us. Okay, so then if it's us, you forward it to the contacts that I just send it to. If it's Canada, you would send it to Ottawa, which is just that one customer service email. I don't know if you've seen it yet. If not, I can show you once it happens. But yeah, we usually get them for us. Not so often do we get them for Canada. Yeah. So Commerce Hub, I've given you the login to Commerce Hub, right? Yes. Okay, cool. So when you're in, this is going to be Costco US is Platinum US Distribution. This one's going to be Costco Canada. So. Well, next Life Sciences Canada. So those are the only two that you would need. You can ignore the other two. Okay, so this one's us. So we're just going to go into US now that we have the info. So. But she said from the checking for the warehouses, right? So I was thinking to check the inventory for that. Not like that you can check. It's easier to just email them and have them provide you an update. The inventory portal isn't the greatest, to be honest with you. You definitely can't look. But usually it'll just say that like it hasn't shipped yet. Whereas we need to know. Because if it's out of stock of something, they'll tell you. But I don't think that always shows on their portal. Yes, from their portal. I could not understand very clearly. So that's why I could not do anything. Yeah, exactly. So that's why I always just email them and then they can provide the answer on what's up with these orders. So in this case, because we received this reply saying that these ones shipped, this one needs an updated address. So for the ones that shipped I always just double check. They are closed now. So you can just copy the PO number and then. Sorry, I had this open from the last time I was in it and you can just search it. So this is the search bar. So you can just paste the PO number. It's in the mail, right. This number? Sorry, no, the number that you just pasted, it's did you get it from the email? Yeah, it's these ones. Now the reason it didn't come up when I just searched it is because they always start with 00. So you just have to add the 00 back. Okay. So this one you can see now it's closed. So as long as it's closed, you don't need to do anything. If this still showed open, you'd have to go in and you can either close it yourself or you can wait 24 hours. Usually it'll be closed within 24 hours from PSS telling you that like there is tracking for it. So this one is closed. So it's good. You don't even need to email Costco back on this one. As long as it's closed, they don't need an answer. So let's check the other ones. But I can close by manually right by myself. You can close it if it's showing open. These aren't showing open, so I can't show you how. If it happens, I can show you how to close. But these are all closed, so they're fine. So the only one that we're having an issue with still is this one. So we can't ship to P.O. boxes. Somehow sometimes people still get away with entering a PO box as the address. So when you look at this one, it'll show open. Yeah, so it shows open. So in this one, what we're going to do is we're going to have to forward this email to Michelle. She's our customer service rep. So let me find the email from Sydney. Okay, so in this case, I would take this email. I'm going to copy that PO and I'm going to forward that to Michelle. You can also forward it to. I think it's like info at no Sugar company, but I just sent it to Michelle. Okay, I'll cc you on this. Yeah, thanks. And then you're just going to have to paste their info. So you can see here we have a ship to and a bill to. So I always just take their ship to info and then it has. Well, I guess, I don't know. It depends. Sometimes people will send something like as a gift. So the ship to won't match the bill too? Yeah, like if you need to reach out to a customer, I would probably reach out to the bill too. In that instance here it's the same, so it doesn't actually matter. I just always use. The ID is different. Right, sorry. The ship two and build to ID is different. Look at the IDs for the ship two, it's 83340. And for build two. Oh, these are. These are the zip codes. So maybe she wasted or like that. No. So this is the zip code. Sometimes you can do a more specific zip code. So there should be a dash in there and there's an extra four digits if you want to get really particular zip codes. Okay. That's why. So this is. It's the same zip code. Okay. She just may have had an exact. Sometimes, like when you're entering orders on. I would say, yeah, probably Shopify. It'll like auto populate with like a dash. It's just a more specific zip code. I don't really understand it, but. Yeah, no, this is. It's the exact same address. This one just has. It also has Sweet 100. I don't know if that's her P.O. box suite. I don't know how that works. So. Because it's the same person though, if it was different people, I contact the bill to to reach out for the information. In this case, it's the same. So I'm just going to send Michelle all this info. Okay. But you can use your discretion. It's just because people do it as a gift. So I mean, like, if they were surprising someone to ship to, I would hate to reach out to them and be like, what's your address? Like, that's not great. So. But it's the same person here, so it doesn't really matter. Okay, so then I would just send out to Michelle. Does it happen the P.O. box? No, not really. I mean the. Anything regarding the shipping to Costco. Like any issue. Yeah, green route or. Sorry, PSS is usually late. Usually they'll just reply back with this, like the email showing the shipping, the tracking, and then you won't have to reply back to Costco. So in this case, I wouldn't reply back to Costco until you get an updated address from. Michelle. I mean, you can. Where's the email from? I mean. Yeah, we can revive. That's fine. Which one was it? Oh, sorry. I should have given her the PO Number. Sorry. What are you trying to do? I just forgot to give her the PO number. Michelle. Okay. Okay. And then here. Is the PO And PO Box the same. No. Right. No. A PO Box is like. So it's not an actual house. A P.O. box is like. Like a post office box. So you can rent a box if you don't want someone to like either. I guess if you don't want them to know your address or if maybe you live in like an apartment. And you're getting like people are stealing your packages. Like you can ship to a post office box. So the post office will tell you like, it's at our box. Come. The box you pay for essentially come pick it up. So yeah, it's like. It's like a box at the post office that the person pays for. Okay. No, but I was asking about the po. Like the PO Hash in the number and you write it down. Like in the second line you write PO boxes. So these are different, right? Yeah, this is different. So this is. This stands for purchase order. Okay. This is the purchase order number. So all orders have a PO number. And then this is a PO box, which is a post office box. Okay. Okay. Got it. Because. Yeah, yeah, no, this is a purchase order number. Okay, great. Thank you. Yeah. So I would just send this and then once we get the response back from Michelle, you can update Sydney and everyone with like the. The PSS contacts. So Sydney, Emma and Connie, you can send them the new address and ask them to ship as soon as possible and then they'll close it. And once it's closed, you'll be fine. Costco won't reach out again. No, wait, who are the people? Do they have contact here? Like you may just mention Sydney and some people. Yeah, it's. Who ICC do you want the email to. They're the ones who replied with the update with the tracking. It's this one. Okay. And for the Canada, it's the same for people are different. No, so for Canada it's Ottawa. Here I'll send you a. It's this email. Yeah. So for Canada is just one and for us there are multiple people. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, so that's it. It's pretty straightforward. Normally, like I said, they'll just reply saying here's the tracking. Or they'll say it's shipping tomorrow. And then usually those close it once it ships. So it's more so just making them aware that like, hey, this order is late because we only receive those emails if they're late already. So. Yeah, so if it shows closed, then we don't need to worry about anything, right? Yep. If it shows closed, you're good. So I need to let them know it's closed. Yeah, you can just say this is closed. Yeah, it's super easy. Okay, so that's all. I just want to quickly show you that it was just easier to show you the portal than it was to try and explain it. Yes, that's true. Thank you so much. I have one more question. I saw an email yesterday about some beach balls, and she mentioned Zilke. Mentioned something to show me. Do you want to show me that also, or do I. No. So those. They're not at pss, they're shipping, which I'm pretty sure that would be Alexis. Anyway, she handles samples. I don't know why JA asked you to do it, but regardless, they were at Dynamics, which Dynamics. We have to go through edi, which is Alexis, so you can ignore that. Okay, Yeah, I. I read your email, but just to clarify, I asked you in there. Yeah, no problem. Yeah, you can ignore that.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: So we received the reply. So so far it makes sense, right? You just send it over to the contacts. If the order starts with 8, 4, 7 like these ones do, then it's us. I forget what it is. For Canada, it's 8 something we can check in a minute. But then it's Canada. You can also just log into the portal and just search the number if it comes up. But 847 is always us. Okay, so then if it's us, you forward it to the contacts that I just send it to. If it's Canada, you would send it to Ottawa, which is just that one customer service email. I don't know if you've seen it yet. If not, I can show you once it happens. But yeah, we usually get them for us. Not so often do we get them for Canada. Yeah. So Commerce Hub, I've given you the login to Commerce Hub, right?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay, cool. So when you're in, this is going to be Costco US is Platinum US Distribution. This one's going to be Costco Canada. So. Well, next Life Sciences Canada. So those are the only two that you would need. You can ignore the other two. Okay, so this one's us. So we're just going to go into US now that we have the info. So.

Speaker B: But she said from the checking for the warehouses, right? So I was thinking to check the inventory for that. Not like that you can check.

Speaker A: It's easier to just email them and have them provide you an update. The inventory portal isn't the greatest, to be honest with you. You definitely can't look. But usually it'll just say that like it hasn't shipped yet. Whereas we need to know. Because if it's out of stock of something, they'll tell you. But I don't think that always shows on their portal.

Speaker B: Yes, from their portal. I could not understand very clearly. So that's why I could not do anything.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. So that's why I always just email them and then they can provide the answer on what's up with these orders. So in this case, because we received this reply saying that these ones shipped, this one needs an updated address. So for the ones that shipped I always just double check. They are closed now. So you can just copy the PO number and then. Sorry, I had this open from the last time I was in it and you can just search it. So this is the search bar. So you can just paste the PO number.

Speaker B: It's in the mail, right. This number? Sorry, no, the number that you just pasted, it's did you get it from the email?

Speaker A: Yeah, it's these ones. Now the reason it didn't come up when I just searched it is because they always start with 00. So you just have to add the 00 back.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So this one you can see now it's closed. So as long as it's closed, you don't need to do anything. If this still showed open, you'd have to go in and you can either close it yourself or you can wait 24 hours. Usually it'll be closed within 24 hours from PSS telling you that like there is tracking for it. So this one is closed. So it's good. You don't even need to email Costco back on this one. As long as it's closed, they don't need an answer. So let's check the other ones.

Speaker B: But I can close by manually right by myself.

Speaker A: You can close it if it's showing open. These aren't showing open, so I can't show you how. If it happens, I can show you how to close. But these are all closed, so they're fine. So the only one that we're having an issue with still is this one. So we can't ship to P.O. boxes. Somehow sometimes people still get away with entering a PO box as the address. So when you look at this one, it'll show open. Yeah, so it shows open. So in this one, what we're going to do is we're going to have to forward this email to Michelle. She's our customer service rep. So let me find the email from Sydney. Okay, so in this case, I would take this email. I'm going to copy that PO and I'm going to forward that to Michelle. You can also forward it to. I think it's like info at no Sugar company, but I just sent it to Michelle.

Speaker B: Okay,

Speaker A: I'll cc you on this.

Speaker B: Yeah, thanks.

Speaker A: And then you're just going to have to paste their info. So you can see here we have a ship to and a bill to. So I always just take their ship to info and then it has. Well, I guess, I don't know. It depends. Sometimes people will send something like as a gift. So the ship to won't match the bill too? Yeah, like if you need to reach out to a customer, I would probably reach out to the bill too. In that instance here it's the same, so it doesn't actually matter. I just always use.

Speaker B: The ID is different. Right, sorry. The ship two and build to ID is different. Look at the IDs for the ship two, it's 83340. And for build two.

Speaker A: Oh, these are. These are the zip codes.

Speaker B: So maybe she wasted or like that.

Speaker A: No. So this is the zip code. Sometimes you can do a more specific zip code. So there should be a dash in there and there's an extra four digits if you want to get really particular zip codes.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: That's why. So this is. It's the same zip code.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: She just may have had an exact. Sometimes, like when you're entering orders on. I would say, yeah, probably Shopify. It'll like auto populate with like a dash. It's just a more specific zip code. I don't really understand it, but. Yeah, no, this is. It's the exact same address. This one just has. It also has Sweet 100. I don't know if that's her P.O. box suite. I don't know how that works. So. Because it's the same person though, if it was different people, I contact the bill to to reach out for the information. In this case, it's the same. So I'm just going to send Michelle all this info.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: But you can use your discretion. It's just because people do it as a gift. So I mean, like, if they were surprising someone to ship to, I would hate to reach out to them and be like, what's your address? Like, that's not great. So. But it's the same person here, so it doesn't really matter. Okay, so then I would just send out to Michelle.

Speaker B: Does it happen

Speaker A: the P.O. box? No, not really.

Speaker B: I mean the. Anything regarding the shipping to Costco. Like any issue.

Speaker A: Yeah, green route or. Sorry, PSS is usually late. Usually they'll just reply back with this, like the email showing the shipping, the tracking, and then you won't have to reply back to Costco. So in this case, I wouldn't reply back to Costco until you get an updated address from. Michelle. I mean, you can. Where's the email from? I mean. Yeah, we can revive. That's fine. Which one was it? Oh, sorry. I should have given her the PO Number.

Speaker B: Sorry. What are you trying to do?

Speaker A: I just forgot to give her the PO number. Michelle.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. And then here.

Speaker B: Is the PO And PO Box the same. No. Right.

Speaker A: No. A PO Box is like. So it's not an actual house. A P.O. box is like. Like a post office box. So you can rent a box if you don't want someone to like either. I guess if you don't want them to know your address or if maybe you live in like an apartment. And you're getting like people are stealing your packages. Like you can ship to a post office box. So the post office will tell you like, it's at our box. Come. The box you pay for essentially come pick it up. So yeah, it's like. It's like a box at the post office that the person pays for.

Speaker B: Okay. No, but I was asking about the po. Like the PO Hash in the number and you write it down. Like in the second line you write PO boxes. So these are different, right?

Speaker A: Yeah, this is different. So this is. This stands for purchase order.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: This is the purchase order number. So all orders have a PO number. And then this is a PO box, which is a post office box.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Got it.

Speaker A: Because. Yeah, yeah, no, this is a purchase order number.

Speaker B: Okay, great. Thank you.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I would just send this and then once we get the response back from Michelle, you can update Sydney and everyone with like the. The PSS contacts. So Sydney, Emma and Connie, you can send them the new address and ask them to ship as soon as possible and then they'll close it. And once it's closed, you'll be fine. Costco won't reach out again.

Speaker B: No, wait, who are the people? Do they have contact here? Like you may just mention Sydney and some people.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's. Who ICC do you want the email to. They're the ones who replied with the update with the tracking. It's this one.

Speaker B: Okay. And for the Canada, it's the same for people are different.

Speaker A: No, so for Canada it's Ottawa. Here I'll send you a. It's this email. Yeah.

Speaker B: So for Canada is just one and for us there are multiple people.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, so that's it. It's pretty straightforward. Normally, like I said, they'll just reply saying here's the tracking. Or they'll say it's shipping tomorrow. And then usually those close it once it ships. So it's more so just making them aware that like, hey, this order is late because we only receive those emails if they're late already.

Speaker B: So. Yeah, so if it shows closed, then we don't need to worry about anything, right?

Speaker A: Yep. If it shows closed, you're good.

Speaker B: So I need to let them know it's closed.

Speaker A: Yeah, you can just say this is closed. Yeah, it's super easy. Okay, so that's all. I just want to quickly show you that it was just easier to show you the portal than it was to try and explain it.

Speaker B: Yes, that's true. Thank you so much. I have one more question. I saw an email yesterday about some beach balls, and she mentioned Zilke. Mentioned something to show me. Do you want to show me that also, or do I.

Speaker A: No. So those. They're not at pss, they're shipping, which I'm pretty sure that would be Alexis. Anyway, she handles samples. I don't know why JA asked you to do it, but regardless, they were at Dynamics, which Dynamics. We have to go through edi, which is Alexis, so you can ignore that.

Speaker B: Okay, Yeah, I. I read your email, but just to clarify, I asked you in there.

Speaker A: Yeah, no problem. Yeah, you can ignore that.

