Transcript for: Recording__488.mp4
Title: Recording #488
============================================================

By the authorities of the point of departure of the country where the product is shipped from. And I also have to mention at this point that we cannot support in everything that concerns importing and custom clearance. Of course the regulatory part is useful for that because one of the main reason of border rejection is the absence of notifications or non compliance. But there are a series of additional regulations for. And additional things to do for import and custom clearance and that necessarily need to be carried out by an importer or an import agent. Right. Okay, so now I have a few more questions about the legal representative or the. Or the leveling requirement where it says that we have to have an FBO in Germany. So first of all, you mentioned that FBO can be any distributor or any manufacturer or any organization like Frere. Is that right? Sorry, can you repeat the. Yeah, he's asking. I could. Yeah, he's asking if we. We could be legal representation. No, I. I mean that. Can it be. Just trying to understand what are the options here. So it can be a distributor or a manufacturer in Germany or an organization like Frear. All of those are possibilities. Is that right? Yes, if you. It can be the importer or the distributor, of course it must be. Yes. Also the manufacturer of the product, if it is in the eu, can be the responsible fbo. Basically any company that is registered as a food business operator and will be the responsible party for the product information and the contact with the authority, etc. Got it. Okay, understood. Awesome. So one question before we move on to novel food is do you also deal with skin care products? If we are talking about Nutri cosmetics, so food supplements that are taken for skin beauty etc. Of course, if you're talking about cosmetics like moisturizer, let's say yes, yes. Etc, we have. Yes, we do, but we have another team that is in charge of that and I think Maria, we can schedule. Yes. Yeah, if you're interested in cosmetics, it's fine. I just wanted to know if I have that option. So if you guys support. Yeah, yeah, yeah, of course. Yes, we do support in the EU for that. In UK as well. In other regions too. Yep. Okay. If you're interested in other parts of the world too. Awesome. Okay, well, so now all I need to ask is about the novel foods in Germany. What is that process? Is it. How difficult is it? How long does that process take and how does the process look like to begin? Okay, so let's start from the beginning. A novel food is any. Regardless of the category in which would fall is any food or ingredient that has not being consumed as a food. So for human consumption in the European Union before a certain date. So any kind, it is a very wide definition. So anything that is not being consumed before that date in the European Union to a significant degree as a food will fall under the norfood definition. This includes also foods that may may be traditional in other part of the world. Parts of the world. And like, let's say, for example, we may have a plant botanical that is traditional in India and may be novel in the EU and also may include ingredients that are traditional but underwent novel technological process, or any kind of novel production process that may have altered the chemical composition, the chemical structure or the amount of substances, etc. So starting from that, a novel food cannot be placed on the market in any category unless it is authorized by the European Commission. The process includes an application that then gets passed to the European Food Safety Authority for a scientific evaluation. What they will check in this evaluation, they will check first the characterization of the ingredient. That's where most applications fail. So they will check if the ingredient is actually well characterized in matter of composition, nutrient profile, etc. And then they will check if the ingredient is safe. That means that in this application we need to provide data about the toxicity of the ingredient, acute and chronic toxicity, about the genotoxicity and carcinogenicity of the ingredient, a risk assessment about what could be the risk and also where possible, data about vulnerable groups such as like pregnant women, children, etc. And the intended use of the ingredient. For example, we may say that we want to use it in food supplement with a certain dosage. We may say that we want to use it in beverages or we want to use it as is. So that also will be considered in the assessment if everything. Is done properly and if the assessment is very thorough. And if they determine that the ingredient is actually safe, They will give a positive opinion and then the Commission will include the ingredient in the list of authorized novel food. If the application is done using proprietary data. So let's say scientific toxicological studies that you have done in house that are not published, etc. You can ask for the data protection that is close that if novel food is approved, will grant the exclusive on that authorization to you for five years. Unless someone else does a different application for the same ingredient without using your proprietary data. We all referring to your proprietary data. So the process usually. Well, formally the process after the first administrative authorization. I think it I have to check this, but I think the deadline is in nine months after the scientific evaluation Begins. But if the authority have questions or a request for additional data, they will put a clock stop to that timeline until the company has answered and then they will add I think additional two months to the timeline. And the whole process, usually considering toxicological studies and all the administrative things, etc. Requires more or less a couple of years for get to an approval. Yeah, they. And yes, so and the data must be very solid about the safety because they want to determine that at the expected use of the product it will be unlikely to cause any harm. Assuming for example that someone take the maximum dosage that is expected for years and so on. So, and so it should be. It should be done with very solid toxicological data on the, on the product. Usually at least animal studies on acute and subchronic toxicity are required and at least a tolerability study on humans or rationale explaining why. It is not required. So it is a very difficult process. But yes, another thing to do to remember is that when an application for a novel food evaluation is submitted, the authority will not check if the product is in fact a novel food. They will assume that since we are submitting an application, the product is a novel food. There is a route to ask the authority if the product is the commission. Sorry, if the product is a novel food and it is the consultation process. Basically, with the consultation process, if we have some kind of data that says that the product has been traditionally consumed as a food in the European Union, or if we think that one of the member states of the European Union may have data about it, we can ask for a consultation and they will simply check our data. They will check the data of all the member states and they will answer if in their opinion the product is or is not another food. And one thing to remember is that both process processes will have a public summary. So once we done the outcome, in case of the consultation process, the outcome will be published with a short summary. And in case of the novel food application, the application itself will be published with a short summary, of course without the confidential data. But there will be the name of the ingredient and also the name of the applicant. So also that should be taken into account. Yeah. Okay. Well, this is very information packed. Thank you so much for that. But it also sounds like this entire process requires a government level budget. And also the timeline is very high. Unless I mean we go through the first consultation process that if it is something that will be considered as novel food. Well, so yeah, that answers all of my questions. I would love to know the costs involved for the Notification process and also label review. And having you to do the legal. You become the legal representative in. In Germany. Just Germany. And I would also like to know, let's say the legal representation, is that something that you do as a standalone service, or is that something that can only happen if I take other services, for example, compliance review and label review. So this is what I want to know. Yes, we offer the legal representation only if we have done the compliance and labeling review, just because in case of the legal representation, part of the responsibility for the product and for the product information is shared, part of the responsibility will be also on us. So we have to do the compliance evaluation and the labeling review, and we have to require some changes, usually because, of course, there's a level of risk that the company alone, the business alone may be willing to accept, but there may not be the same level of risk on our side. So in case the legal representation is offered, we will have to do the other part. And of course, in case of the legal. In case we are the legal representer, we will have to submit the notification ourselves, because the company in the EU is the one that have to submit the notification. So also that comes together with it. For the cost. I think Maria can take over. Yep. Thank you so much, Julio, for explaining everything. For the costing, we'll put together a rate card, we call it. It's just a menu service card, basically, with the services in scope, the market and the timeline for each of those activities. And then we'll have also our general assumptions in there as well for you to read through what's in scope, what's out of scope. Yeah. So we're happy to do that. Now, this will be for your client, right? Well, no, this is. That's, of course, one possibility. If I see a client is willing to expand to Germany, that's, of course, a possibility. Then I can work with you on that. But this is specifically for my interest. So we are also. It's more. We are more in a. In an information gathering phase regarding Germany, because I think there is potential and we want to set ourselves up with all the required pieces. So having someone who can help us with all these things and any. Any other pieces that we need to set up before we can start our business in Javanese. Okay. How many products do you have right now? Well, at this point. At this point, we are just starting in Canada with two products, but we are more of an agency. Right. We provide services, but we are also exploring this path at this point. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if you explained to the team. Did you explain before I got on the call, the company, like, what you do? Well, so we are a marketing agency who works with CPG brands. So any health supplement, food or skincare product and help them scale their business on e commerce platforms, Primarily Amazon. Amazon is the biggest one. Okay. Okay, perfect. Yeah, I had the data from that, so. All right, we're happy to put, like I said, a cost estimate together and you could review that. When there's interest to move forward, then we could take that step and sign an NDA and a statement of work proposal at that time. So it sounds like you're just exploring at this stage. Yeah, yeah. I do appreciate all the information that it gave me right now. Sorry, how do you pronounce your name? Julio. Julio. Sorry, I did it wrong. Sorry, I am muted. Yes, it is. Julio. Julio. Okay, awesome. Thank you so much for the information. This is really, really valuable. I, in fact, think that this shouldn't be done for free. But anyway, so, yeah, thank you so much for that. Yes, thank you for saying that, too. We appreciate that. Thank you. Thank you, everyone. Okay, great. Then we'll get back to you then with some costing. Just give us a couple days and we'll send that over. Yeah. All right. Thank you so much. You have a wonderful day. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you, team. Bye. Bye, everyone. Bye. Thank you. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: By the authorities of the point of departure of the country where the product is shipped from. And I also have to mention at this point that we cannot support in everything that concerns importing and custom clearance. Of course the regulatory part is useful for that because one of the main reason of border rejection is the absence of notifications or non compliance. But there are a series of additional regulations for. And additional things to do for import and custom clearance and that necessarily need to be carried out by an importer or an import agent.

Speaker B: Right. Okay, so now I have a few more questions about the legal representative or the. Or the leveling requirement where it says that we have to have an FBO in Germany. So first of all, you mentioned that FBO can be any distributor or any manufacturer or any organization like Frere. Is that right?

Speaker A: Sorry, can you repeat the.

Speaker C: Yeah, he's asking. I could. Yeah, he's asking if we. We could be legal representation.

Speaker B: No, I. I mean that.

Speaker A: Can it be.

Speaker B: Just trying to understand what are the options here. So it can be a distributor or a manufacturer in Germany or an organization like Frear. All of those are possibilities. Is that right?

Speaker A: Yes, if you. It can be the importer or the distributor, of course it must be. Yes. Also the manufacturer of the product, if it is in the eu, can be the responsible fbo. Basically any company that is registered as a food business operator and will be the responsible party for the product information and the contact with the authority, etc.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay, understood. Awesome. So one question before we move on to novel food is do you also deal with skin care products?

Speaker A: If we are talking about Nutri cosmetics, so food supplements that are taken for skin beauty etc. Of course, if you're talking about cosmetics like moisturizer, let's say yes, yes. Etc, we have. Yes, we do, but we have another team that is in charge of that and I think Maria, we can schedule. Yes.

Speaker C: Yeah, if you're interested in cosmetics, it's fine.

Speaker B: I just wanted to know if I have that option. So if you guys support. Yeah, yeah, yeah, of course.

Speaker C: Yes, we do support in the EU for that. In UK as well. In other regions too. Yep.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: If you're interested in other parts of the world too.

Speaker B: Awesome. Okay, well, so now all I need to ask is about the novel foods in Germany. What is that process? Is it. How difficult is it? How long does that process take and how does the process look like to begin?

Speaker A: Okay, so let's start from the beginning. A novel food is any. Regardless of the category in which would fall is any food or ingredient that has not being consumed as a food. So for human consumption in the European Union before a certain date. So any kind, it is a very wide definition. So anything that is not being consumed before that date in the European Union to a significant degree as a food will fall under the norfood definition. This includes also foods that may may be traditional in other part of the world. Parts of the world. And like, let's say, for example, we may have a plant botanical that is traditional in India and may be novel in the EU and also may include ingredients that are traditional but underwent novel technological process, or any kind of novel production process that may have altered the chemical composition, the chemical structure or the amount of substances, etc. So starting from that, a novel food cannot be placed on the market in any category unless it is authorized by the European Commission. The process includes an application that then gets passed to the European Food Safety Authority for a scientific evaluation. What they will check in this evaluation, they will check first the characterization of the ingredient. That's where most applications fail. So they will check if the ingredient is actually well characterized in matter of composition, nutrient profile, etc. And then they will check if the ingredient is safe. That means that in this application we need to provide data about the toxicity of the ingredient, acute and chronic toxicity, about the genotoxicity and carcinogenicity of the ingredient, a risk assessment about what could be the risk and also where possible, data about vulnerable groups such as like pregnant women, children, etc. And the intended use of the ingredient. For example, we may say that we want to use it in food supplement with a certain dosage. We may say that we want to use it in beverages or we want to use it as is. So that also will be considered in the assessment if everything. Is done properly and if the assessment is very thorough. And if they determine that the ingredient is actually safe, They will give a positive opinion and then the Commission will include the ingredient in the list of authorized novel food. If the application is done using proprietary data. So let's say scientific toxicological studies that you have done in house that are not published, etc. You can ask for the data protection that is close that if novel food is approved, will grant the exclusive on that authorization to you for five years. Unless someone else does a different application for the same ingredient without using your proprietary data. We all referring to your proprietary data. So the process usually. Well, formally the process after the first administrative authorization. I think it I have to check this, but I think the deadline is in nine months after the scientific evaluation Begins. But if the authority have questions or a request for additional data, they will put a clock stop to that timeline until the company has answered and then they will add I think additional two months to the timeline. And the whole process, usually considering toxicological studies and all the administrative things, etc. Requires more or less a couple of years for get to an approval. Yeah, they. And yes, so and the data must be very solid about the safety because they want to determine that at the expected use of the product it will be unlikely to cause any harm. Assuming for example that someone take the maximum dosage that is expected for years and so on. So, and so it should be. It should be done with very solid toxicological data on the, on the product. Usually at least animal studies on acute and subchronic toxicity are required and at least a tolerability study on humans or rationale explaining why. It is not required. So it is a very difficult process. But yes, another thing to do to remember is that when an application for a novel food evaluation is submitted, the authority will not check if the product is in fact a novel food. They will assume that since we are submitting an application, the product is a novel food. There is a route to ask the authority if the product is the commission. Sorry, if the product is a novel food and it is the consultation process. Basically, with the consultation process, if we have some kind of data that says that the product has been traditionally consumed as a food in the European Union, or if we think that one of the member states of the European Union may have data about it, we can ask for a consultation and they will simply check our data. They will check the data of all the member states and they will answer if in their opinion the product is or is not another food. And one thing to remember is that both process processes will have a public summary. So once we done the outcome, in case of the consultation process, the outcome will be published with a short summary. And in case of the novel food application, the application itself will be published with a short summary, of course without the confidential data. But there will be the name of the ingredient and also the name of the applicant. So also that should be taken into account.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Well, this is very information packed. Thank you so much for that. But it also sounds like this entire process requires a government level budget. And also the timeline is very high. Unless I mean we go through the first consultation process that if it is something that will be considered as novel food. Well, so yeah, that answers all of my questions. I would love to know the costs involved for the Notification process and also label review. And having you to do the legal. You become the legal representative in. In Germany. Just Germany. And I would also like to know, let's say the legal representation, is that something that you do as a standalone service, or is that something that can only happen if I take other services, for example, compliance review and label review. So this is what I want to know.

Speaker A: Yes, we offer the legal representation only if we have done the compliance and labeling review, just because in case of the legal representation, part of the responsibility for the product and for the product information is shared, part of the responsibility will be also on us. So we have to do the compliance evaluation and the labeling review, and we have to require some changes, usually because, of course, there's a level of risk that the company alone, the business alone may be willing to accept, but there may not be the same level of risk on our side. So in case the legal representation is offered, we will have to do the other part. And of course, in case of the legal. In case we are the legal representer, we will have to submit the notification ourselves, because the company in the EU is the one that have to submit the notification. So also that comes together with it. For the cost. I think Maria can take over.

Speaker C: Yep. Thank you so much, Julio, for explaining everything. For the costing, we'll put together a rate card, we call it. It's just a menu service card, basically, with the services in scope, the market and the timeline for each of those activities. And then we'll have also our general assumptions in there as well for you to read through what's in scope, what's out of scope.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: So we're happy to do that. Now, this will be for your client, right?

Speaker B: Well, no, this is. That's, of course, one possibility. If I see a client is willing to expand to Germany, that's, of course, a possibility. Then I can work with you on that. But this is specifically for my interest. So we are also. It's more. We are more in a. In an information gathering phase regarding Germany, because I think there is potential and we want to set ourselves up with all the required pieces. So having someone who can help us with all these things and any. Any other pieces that we need to set up before we can start our business in Javanese.

Speaker C: Okay. How many products do you have right now?

Speaker B: Well, at this point. At this point, we are just starting in Canada with two products, but we are more of an agency. Right. We provide services, but we are also exploring this path at this point.

Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if you explained to the team. Did you explain before I got on the call, the company, like, what you do?

Speaker B: Well, so we are a marketing agency who works with CPG brands. So any health supplement, food or skincare product and help them scale their business on e commerce platforms, Primarily Amazon. Amazon is the biggest one.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay, perfect. Yeah, I had the data from that, so. All right, we're happy to put, like I said, a cost estimate together and you could review that. When there's interest to move forward, then we could take that step and sign an NDA and a statement of work proposal at that time. So it sounds like you're just exploring at this stage.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. I do appreciate all the information that it gave me right now. Sorry, how do you pronounce your name?

Speaker C: Julio.

Speaker B: Julio. Sorry, I did it wrong.

Speaker A: Sorry, I am muted. Yes, it is. Julio.

Speaker B: Julio. Okay, awesome. Thank you so much for the information. This is really, really valuable. I, in fact, think that this shouldn't be done for free. But anyway, so, yeah, thank you so much for that.

Speaker C: Yes, thank you for saying that, too. We appreciate that.

Speaker A: Thank you. Thank you, everyone.

Speaker C: Okay, great. Then we'll get back to you then with some costing. Just give us a couple days and we'll send that over.

Speaker B: Yeah. All right. Thank you so much. You have a wonderful day. Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah. Thank you, team.

Speaker A: Bye. Bye, everyone.

Speaker C: Bye.

Speaker A: Thank you. Bye.

