Transcript for: Recording__34 (2).mp4
Title: Recording #342
============================================================

To set prices, whatever you're dealing with in this regard, but because you know that, or according to your experience, you know what might be interesting for them, important for them to start, and so on and so forth. You can actually name that points and say this is what you need. You're saying that to them, not the opposite. And then they would say, I rather work with a professional that cost me maybe 25% more, but I know that I'm in a good hands now. If he won't talk to you, he won't know that. But talking to you, it's time consuming for you. And especially, you know, the buyer might be very nice, but at the end he just wanted to learn from you for free. And, and that's about it. I want them to learn about your service, to understand that you're a professional throughout the content, which might be long but still tiny in a way. And then they would understand the value and contact you at least. And from there the road won't be that long. Okay, so to summarize here, okay, so you like the first line and then you want me to write something about maybe can you please summarize it for me one more time? Just the points. No worries. I'm saying first of all, I'll send you an email, summarizes the points. Okay, okay, but, but just right now because, because I, I, I want to answer your question. So I'm saying the, the, the structure of the gig description counts, it counts for both, for both kind of fields. One is the, the attention of your buyers. And second is the SEO related. What I mean by that? I mean that when you looking at your gig description, it has two positions. One is to be interesting for the buyers, informative for the buyers, sharing the value in front of the buyers, stuff like that. And second is the SEO. So I'll explain in terms of the structure, I'd say just for example, when you start the description, you'd say about me, just for instance, like who am I? Because they're seeing your gig and not necessarily your profile for the most part. So if they won't go to your profile, they won't understand who you are, why they should choose you, stuff like that. So I'd say starting with like two, three lines of expression, explanation or like whatchamacallit, introduction. But in short, hi, thank you so much for considering me to be your provider, supplier, seller, whatever you'd like to name yourself. My name is whatever. If it's, if it's important to you to say your name and then say I have particular number of years, like five in this regard, dealing with 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. And then I'm saying the this 1, 2, 3, 4,.5 should be bold if they're like relevant to them to know that this is your experience. Right? Like if you're for instance dealing with different platforms such as Shopify and then E commerce, whatever store and Amazon. So I would bold them 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 so they would know your experience. This is how they know that. And then I would say, so first is introduction or small introduction. Second is like what would you expect from me? I'm just saying, okay, it's just an example professional site, go, go to market, strategy, stuff like that, blah, blah, blah, what do I need from you to start? And then you would give them first, what would you expect? So these are your expectations from me because I know how to provide them perfectly. And second one, what do I need from you? I want to start, I want to help you. What do I need from you? I need your. I'm just saying. Username, email address, blah, blah blah. I'm just saying. Okay. And then at the end you can add portfolio of yours. You can add call to action sentence such as like, if you're not sure, no worries, we're here, contact us throughout the contact contact me button or stuff like that. Why it's also SEO, the description section. Because you can add list of services that you're also providing. Right. You have different equals to different services. So you can say it's not a service that you're looking for. No worries. I also offer 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. All these seven points which are the services in this regard, also playing a role as, as what you call it like SEO in terms of the marketplace. Right. Okay. It's like it's two birds actually. It's SEO and get the attention of your buyers for different services. Questions about this section? Well, no, definitely. This is very helpful. So the section that we're looking at right now, it's the profile section. Right. And then the geek description is. I think we will find that if we scroll, isn't it? Sorry, this, this, what we're looking at right now is the description. You can see that because of the title. Okay, Description. It looks different a little bit, but it's the gig description. Okay. Okay. The about me section of the profile is over here. Oh, okay. Technically, if you want to see your about me section, so you'd go to your profile as a seller and then once you click on your profile, it says profile, you would Click on it. You would see what I'm seeing right now. The gigs might be different in terms of the strategy, but here I just. On your most profitable gig in this regard to look at it specifically now I'm saying about the gig description. It's something that would help you, you know, in the long term. Not necessarily tomorrow, but in the long term they'll give you a little bit more, you know, information to your buys. So sometimes it's even, you know, help you to say, like to direct the buyers to there, like say to them like, yes, as I wrote in my description, you can see this is my workflow. Just for, just for example, it helps. Okay. Especially when you overwhelm. Not right now, but in time. In terms of. What was the second point that we discussed? We discussed about the description. Yeah, about the packages. Yeah, that was the second thing. We have six more minutes. Do you have any open questions tonight? I do. So I have. I'm facing some problems with the most profitable one. The one that we are looking at. This one has some ranking issues. So one of the most important keywords is Amazon ads. And for some reason it doesn't show up at all in the surface of. For that keyword. Even though I have that in the keyword section. That's one. And another thing that I wanted to explore is Amazon. Sorry, not Amazon advertising. Promoting gigs on fiber. And what are the best practices? How should I measure the impacts of that and you know basically how to do that. Okay. Yeah. Okay, so it's good that I stopped then. In terms of the most searchable term Amazon ads, you're saying that if you would. If you try to search for yourself, you won't find it in the first pages. Is that correct? That is right. Even after filtering just the pro services. Pro gigs. Okay, let me see then. One second. I like, I trust you obviously, but I just want to double check. No, definitely. Okay, we're here. When I searched. Let me just close everything here. So when I search for Amazon ads and I switch on the Tango Pro services, I saw you here. That's the DSP one and that's a different one. Yeah, yeah, it's a different gig. I got it. First of all, when you're here, it's also good. And I'm not sure why I chose it here as Amazon ad. Oh, you add that tag here. Okay, so maybe I should remove that. But I don't want this one to show up. Instead it's important for me to through the other gig. All right. Okay. So in terms of like There are no specific guidelines of how to push your gig to the first line because it has bunch of different factors that actually move the gig to the first page to the last page. It keeps moving all the time not because of something specific that you don't or do or you actually do. What I would suggest is to do the following. I would suggest first of all to help that gig to I want to say rank better but it's. It's not so correct. But would say to optimize that gig. Maybe that would be the right thing is. And we can look at your gig right now. One second. Yeah, sure. Yeah. It's not something that we can guarantee where we can find it like positioning wise. But what we can do is try to be a little bit as much as we can more more like to try and use more niche terms instead of general like Amazon ads. Because for the time being when I'm a buyer and I'm searching for Amazon ads campaign say like that. I guess the main idea for you is to be here in the first pages. Yeah. Would go with the pro. Here we can see you again. No, this is the right gig. This is the correct one. This is the correct. Yes. So Amazon ads campaign does bring you to the One second. Yeah, that's bring you to the first pages of pro which is amazing. Yeah. Food supplyment. Food and supply. It's campaign. Yeah. This for tug. Let's see. 20,000. How many we have here? 4,000. It's even. This term is even not so common as the Amazon ads campaign. Look, if I click here I'd see 20,000 services like gigs and if I click on ads it's even lower. Look, it's less than 5,000. Yeah. Not so common in terms of searches. So that even not the main issue here. The main issue is that you want to get more orders, right? That's right. Yeah. Yeah. You are utilizing the. The right terms in terms of like the. The SEO related. Yeah, let's look what it does. No, it's a Google Ads. Yeah, this is like kind of manipulation what it does here because it's Amazon but at the same time it does also Google Ads and then that's nice. What I would suggest is anyways is to try and monitor the recent orders you you've received from this gig and try to see what type of terms you can instill within the gig description. Instill within the. Which I'm going to call it the title itself. Like in your title for instance. It doesn't say Amazon Ads. No, it doesn't Right. So it's also something to think of. Look, it's. It's something that you would have to test. This, this is the SEO. It's not something that we created. It's. This is how it works the search engine, you know, optimization. This is how it works. Yeah. So it is good that you're really aware of it, but it's also better for us to try and do some tests over here. So if you would do some changes on the gig description as we mentioned, we might see also different stuff that might happen within the visibility and stuff like that. And to be honest, the most important thing in this regard is keep the high intent terms within the title, low intent terms within the tags and then description. This is how the system works. Got it. Okay. More questions. Well, do you have a few more minutes? Yeah, yeah, go ahead please. Yeah. Okay. So it's about promoting gigs. I was wondering if I should take advantage of that and what will be the best practices and what kind of results we can expect and how we do we measure the impact of advertising in this case. Great question, great question. First of all, I welcome you to test it. Why not? First thing that I would do anyways before switching it on because at the end it costs money is optimizing the gigs with, you know, every single tool you have, the top, the top keywords and the keyword research and of course the search bar itself that shows the relevancy. If you need any help in that, let me know, just drop me a message. After you did that and you waited say one week or so to see how it reacts, then I would. On the promoted in terms of your questions, this is how it works, right. You can do manual budget per click and see how that work. Whatever you want to spend or go on the automatic way which is the most recommended in this regard. And it goes according the price itself goes according to the marketplace trends and demand at some point be really high like $3 a click. Sometimes that might be even zero that whatever sent that really depends on the demand and according to the prices you would understand the demand. Now in terms of how does work and how you can measure the if it works or not, there is a dashboard. Once you would switch it on there is a dashboard called promoted Gigs and you would see how many clicks you you received from the promoted and how many of them were generic, how many orders you closed, how many money you spent. So you can do the rescue. For the most part it's really fair. But you know, it depends. Yeah. If you would switch it On I would say keep it that way at least one month. Or not one month, a few weeks at least to see the reaction. Some sellers saying to me like when I switch it on and tried that for months, it was amazing. And then I wanted just to stop using that and then everything got deranked. It might happen, to be honest. But it also depends on seasonality, trends, marketplace. It depends on a lot of factors. So I'm not sure if that would be the right thing to blame. But you know, I see. And in terms of the beat, the automated beat, it does show as three dollar on mine. Let's say I want to be very aggressive and I want to beat $5. So do you think that would increase my chances of ranking my gig? It might, yes. Because there are a lot of combinations and you know what, it's something that you can even test yourself. But a lot of combinations that the promoted gigs actually like the feature does to promote you. And I'll give you an example. Say that you promoted your gigs and then one person tried to like filter price range from X to Y. And even if your gig doesn't necessarily fit, the feature itself will do kind of combination between one package and another and say like the combination of these two are getting to the average range that this person looks like. And then it would just push your gig to the search stuff like that. That's it. So. So yeah, I would anyways say first of all, optimize the gigs because without it won't help. That's a B. Try with the minimum just to see how it works. If it works well, I won't spend that much. Of course if it's more and you would get more, that would be amazing. But it's up to you. No, I get that. Yeah, just that was just a question. So the answer is we should be testing. Yeah, yeah, you should try. Why not? Great tool. Yeah. Okay. Workspace. It won't work that good. And you just stop it. Yeah, yeah. All right. So that's all from my end. Thank you so much for going over these. Sure, sure. My pleasure. I will be sending you an email summarizes the point. So you have it in mind. Sure. And you know, just be in touch if you need anything, let me know. I hope that your next meeting would be with nom, but I also hope to see you again. So. Yeah, it's really nice to see you. Take care. Thank you so much. It was lovely meeting you. Bye bye bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: To set prices, whatever you're dealing with in this regard, but because you know that, or according to your experience, you know what might be interesting for them, important for them to start, and so on and so forth. You can actually name that points and say this is what you need. You're saying that to them, not the opposite. And then they would say, I rather work with a professional that cost me maybe 25% more, but I know that I'm in a good hands now. If he won't talk to you, he won't know that. But talking to you, it's time consuming for you. And especially, you know, the buyer might be very nice, but at the end he just wanted to learn from you for free. And, and that's about it. I want them to learn about your service, to understand that you're a professional throughout the content, which might be long but still tiny in a way. And then they would understand the value and contact you at least. And from there the road won't be that long.

Speaker B: Okay, so to summarize here, okay, so you like the first line and then you want me to write something about maybe can you please summarize it for me one more time? Just the points.

Speaker A: No worries. I'm saying first of all, I'll send you an email, summarizes the points. Okay, okay, but, but just right now because, because I, I, I want to answer your question. So I'm saying the, the, the structure of the gig description counts, it counts for both, for both kind of fields. One is the, the attention of your buyers. And second is the SEO related. What I mean by that? I mean that when you looking at your gig description, it has two positions. One is to be interesting for the buyers, informative for the buyers, sharing the value in front of the buyers, stuff like that. And second is the SEO. So I'll explain in terms of the structure, I'd say just for example, when you start the description, you'd say about me, just for instance, like who am I? Because they're seeing your gig and not necessarily your profile for the most part. So if they won't go to your profile, they won't understand who you are, why they should choose you, stuff like that. So I'd say starting with like two, three lines of expression, explanation or like whatchamacallit, introduction. But in short, hi, thank you so much for considering me to be your provider, supplier, seller, whatever you'd like to name yourself. My name is whatever. If it's, if it's important to you to say your name and then say I have particular number of years, like five in this regard, dealing with 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. And then I'm saying the this 1, 2, 3, 4,.5 should be bold if they're like relevant to them to know that this is your experience. Right? Like if you're for instance dealing with different platforms such as Shopify and then E commerce, whatever store and Amazon. So I would bold them 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 so they would know your experience. This is how they know that. And then I would say, so first is introduction or small introduction. Second is like what would you expect from me? I'm just saying, okay, it's just an example professional site, go, go to market, strategy, stuff like that, blah, blah, blah, what do I need from you to start? And then you would give them first, what would you expect? So these are your expectations from me because I know how to provide them perfectly. And second one, what do I need from you? I want to start, I want to help you. What do I need from you? I need your. I'm just saying. Username, email address, blah, blah blah. I'm just saying. Okay. And then at the end you can add portfolio of yours. You can add call to action sentence such as like, if you're not sure, no worries, we're here, contact us throughout the contact contact me button or stuff like that. Why it's also SEO, the description section. Because you can add list of services that you're also providing. Right. You have different equals to different services. So you can say it's not a service that you're looking for. No worries. I also offer 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. All these seven points which are the services in this regard, also playing a role as, as what you call it like SEO in terms of the marketplace.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Okay. It's like it's two birds actually. It's SEO and get the attention of your buyers for different services. Questions about this section?

Speaker B: Well, no, definitely. This is very helpful. So the section that we're looking at right now, it's the profile section. Right. And then the geek description is. I think we will find that if we scroll, isn't it?

Speaker A: Sorry, this, this, what we're looking at right now is the description. You can see that because of the title. Okay, Description. It looks different a little bit, but it's the gig description.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. The about me section of the profile is over here.

Speaker B: Oh, okay.

Speaker A: Technically, if you want to see your about me section, so you'd go to your profile as a seller and then once you click on your profile, it says profile, you would Click on it. You would see what I'm seeing right now. The gigs might be different in terms of the strategy, but here I just. On your most profitable gig in this regard to look at it specifically now I'm saying about the gig description. It's something that would help you, you know, in the long term. Not necessarily tomorrow, but in the long term they'll give you a little bit more, you know, information to your buys. So sometimes it's even, you know, help you to say, like to direct the buyers to there, like say to them like, yes, as I wrote in my description, you can see this is my workflow. Just for, just for example, it helps. Okay. Especially when you overwhelm. Not right now, but in time. In terms of. What was the second point that we discussed? We discussed about the description. Yeah, about the packages.

Speaker C: Yeah, that was the second thing.

Speaker A: We have six more minutes. Do you have any open questions tonight?

Speaker B: I do. So I have. I'm facing some problems with the most profitable one. The one that we are looking at. This one has some ranking issues. So one of the most important keywords is Amazon ads. And for some reason it doesn't show up at all in the surface of. For that keyword. Even though I have that in the keyword section. That's one. And another thing that I wanted to explore is Amazon. Sorry, not Amazon advertising. Promoting gigs on fiber. And what are the best practices? How should I measure the impacts of that and you know basically how to do that.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, so it's good that I stopped then. In terms of the most searchable term Amazon ads, you're saying that if you would. If you try to search for yourself, you won't find it in the first pages. Is that correct?

Speaker B: That is right. Even after filtering just the pro services. Pro gigs.

Speaker C: Okay, let me see then. One second. I like, I trust you obviously, but I just want to double check.

Speaker B: No, definitely.

Speaker A: Okay, we're here. When I searched.

Speaker C: Let me just close everything here.

Speaker A: So when I search for Amazon ads and I switch on the Tango Pro services, I saw you here.

Speaker B: That's the DSP one and that's a different one.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, it's a different gig. I got it. First of all, when you're here, it's also good. And I'm not sure why I chose it here as Amazon ad. Oh, you add that tag here.

Speaker B: Okay, so maybe I should remove that. But I don't want this one to show up. Instead it's important for me to through the other gig.

Speaker A: All right. Okay. So in terms of like There are no specific guidelines of how to push your gig to the first line because it has bunch of different factors that actually move the gig to the first page to the last page. It keeps moving all the time not because of something specific that you don't or do or you actually do. What I would suggest is to do the following. I would suggest first of all to help that gig to I want to say rank better but it's. It's not so correct. But would say to optimize that gig. Maybe that would be the right thing is. And we can look at your gig right now. One second.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: It's not something that we can guarantee where we can find it like positioning wise. But what we can do is try to be a little bit as much as we can more more like to try and use more niche terms instead of general like Amazon ads. Because for the time being when I'm a buyer and I'm searching for Amazon ads campaign say like that. I guess the main idea for you is to be here in the first pages.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Would go with the pro. Here we can see you again. No, this is the right gig. This is the correct one. This is the correct.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So Amazon ads campaign does bring you to the One second. Yeah, that's bring you to the first pages of pro which is amazing.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Food supplyment. Food and supply. It's campaign. Yeah. This for tug. Let's see. 20,000. How many we have here? 4,000.

Speaker A: It's even. This term is even not so common as the Amazon ads campaign. Look, if I click here I'd see 20,000 services like gigs and if I click on ads it's even lower. Look, it's less than 5,000.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Not so common in terms of searches. So that even not the main issue here. The main issue is that you want to get more orders, right?

Speaker B: That's right.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. You are utilizing the. The right terms in terms of like the. The SEO related. Yeah, let's look what it does. No, it's a Google Ads. Yeah, this is like kind of manipulation what it does here because it's Amazon but at the same time it does also Google Ads and then that's nice. What I would suggest is anyways is to try and monitor the recent orders you you've received from this gig and try to see what type of terms you can instill within the gig description. Instill within the. Which I'm going to call it the title itself. Like in your title for instance. It doesn't say Amazon Ads.

Speaker B: No, it doesn't Right.

Speaker A: So it's also something to think of. Look, it's. It's something that you would have to test. This, this is the SEO. It's not something that we created. It's. This is how it works the search engine, you know, optimization. This is how it works. Yeah. So it is good that you're really aware of it, but it's also better for us to try and do some tests over here. So if you would do some changes on the gig description as we mentioned, we might see also different stuff that might happen within the visibility and stuff like that. And to be honest, the most important thing in this regard is keep the high intent terms within the title, low intent terms within the tags and then description. This is how the system works.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: More questions.

Speaker B: Well, do you have a few more minutes?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, go ahead please.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. So it's about promoting gigs. I was wondering if I should take advantage of that and what will be the best practices and what kind of results we can expect and how we do we measure the impact of advertising in this case.

Speaker A: Great question, great question. First of all, I welcome you to test it. Why not? First thing that I would do anyways before switching it on because at the end it costs money is optimizing the gigs with, you know, every single tool you have, the top, the top keywords and the keyword research and of course the search bar itself that shows the relevancy. If you need any help in that, let me know, just drop me a message. After you did that and you waited say one week or so to see how it reacts, then I would. On the promoted in terms of your questions, this is how it works, right. You can do manual budget per click and see how that work. Whatever you want to spend or go on the automatic way which is the most recommended in this regard. And it goes according the price itself goes according to the marketplace trends and demand at some point be really high like $3 a click. Sometimes that might be even zero that whatever sent that really depends on the demand and according to the prices you would understand the demand. Now in terms of how does work and how you can measure the if it works or not, there is a dashboard. Once you would switch it on there is a dashboard called promoted Gigs and you would see how many clicks you you received from the promoted and how many of them were generic, how many orders you closed, how many money you spent. So you can do the rescue. For the most part it's really fair. But you know, it depends. Yeah. If you would switch it On I would say keep it that way at least one month. Or not one month, a few weeks at least to see the reaction. Some sellers saying to me like when I switch it on and tried that for months, it was amazing. And then I wanted just to stop using that and then everything got deranked. It might happen, to be honest. But it also depends on seasonality, trends, marketplace. It depends on a lot of factors. So I'm not sure if that would be the right thing to blame. But you know, I see.

Speaker B: And in terms of the beat, the automated beat, it does show as three dollar on mine. Let's say I want to be very aggressive and I want to beat $5. So do you think that would increase my chances of ranking my gig?

Speaker A: It might, yes. Because there are a lot of combinations and you know what, it's something that you can even test yourself. But a lot of combinations that the promoted gigs actually like the feature does to promote you. And I'll give you an example. Say that you promoted your gigs and then one person tried to like filter price range from X to Y. And even if your gig doesn't necessarily fit, the feature itself will do kind of combination between one package and another and say like the combination of these two are getting to the average range that this person looks like. And then it would just push your gig to the search stuff like that. That's it. So. So yeah, I would anyways say first of all, optimize the gigs because without it won't help. That's a B. Try with the minimum just to see how it works. If it works well, I won't spend that much. Of course if it's more and you would get more, that would be amazing. But it's up to you.

Speaker B: No, I get that. Yeah, just that was just a question. So the answer is we should be testing.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, you should try. Why not?

Speaker C: Great tool.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Workspace. It won't work that good. And you just stop it.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. All right. So that's all from my end. Thank you so much for going over these.

Speaker A: Sure, sure. My pleasure. I will be sending you an email summarizes the point. So you have it in mind. Sure. And you know, just be in touch if you need anything, let me know. I hope that your next meeting would be with nom, but I also hope to see you again. So.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's really nice to see you. Take care.

Speaker A: Thank you so much. It was lovely meeting you.

Speaker B: Bye bye bye now.

