Transcript for: Recording__952.mp4
Title: Recording #952
============================================================

So the focus, let me focus on just this for now, this table and explain what it does. So the call, first of all, the concept of LTV or lifetime value is this. And I think I have it, I had it written even on this test. I can probably share that with you. Okay, here I have mentioned LTV is a metric used to value customers in a business, that a business acquires. I'm just reading it from here. But. You know what, let me just describe from here. It's a, it's too basic. So lifetime value. Let's say we are a business, we are selling health supplements, right? And then we are advertising our product, we are marketing for our products. Then we are getting new customers every month. Lifetime value of a customer, by the sound of it, sounds like, I mean lifetime. That's a big thing to say. But when I say lifetime value, we generally try to measure, let's say you are a customer, you come to us and you purchased our supplement because you really needed one. Let's say you needed vitamin D. So you purchase vitamin D from us and after using it, you seem to believe that it's working for you. Although you don't get to see the results immediately. But it's a 30 days dosage. The vitamin D that you bought from us there, you had only 30 pills. So after 30 days it's over and you think it's quite good, you like the product. So you come back to us and purchase another bottle next month, right? So like that, you keep on repeating it every month for let's say for the next eight months or in different cases, maybe after using three months you stopped. But then after two months you feel like, you know what, I think I need the vitamin D again. So you start purchasing from us again. So what's happening is in the first month, for the first purchase, maybe you spent, I'm saying this in terms of dollar, just $20 to purchase the vitamin D. But if I take a look out of in the first case, I said you purchased it for eight months, after eight months you ended up spending $160 with us. So if I had to, let's say in that year you just purchased it for eight months. So if I had to measure the lifetime value of for 12 months for a customer, I mean for you as a customer, then it will be $160. That's the lifetime value. Okay? So now in a company, we don't just have one customer, right? We have many customers. So let's say a company like ours has thousand customers, then we are going to calculate average lifetime value over 12 months, if I have to calculate average, then it will become average. Right? We have to average it out. Average lifetime value for the thousand customers for a year. Now let me talk about a very important concept here, the concept of defining cohorts. So we can define cohort. You are familiar with the concept of cohorts. I think that's a term that you have to use in data analysis quite frequently. Do you? That's okay if you don't. Okay, so cohort is basically a group here. By cohort I mean when I explained a simple concept of calculating LTV 12 month LTV with you as a customer. Now in that analysis you were just one person. So in that example, the cohort just consisted of one customer. That was you. Now let's say we are trying to do the lifetime value analysis. 12 months lifetime value analysis. And in this case we can define, for example, here for this row, we have defined the cohort size as 2708. Right? What does that mean? That means, I mean these are the customers that purchased from us in the month of November 2023. So we're defining the cohort as the unique customers. I'll tell you why I'm saying unique. Unique customers that purchased from us just in the month of October, November. That's how we have defined the group or cohort for this analysis. There are so many different ways of defining the cohort. But here we have our cohort is the customers, unique customers just in the month of November. Here, for example, these are unique customers just in the month of December. So what I mean by that is what we are doing in this table. First of all, let me tell you why I'm saying unique. Unique will mean there are some of out of some of these unique customers. Unique customers. They may have come back in the same month of November and repeated or purchased something else from us. Right? That may happen if they like the product or if they saw I purchased this, they have also these. I need that too. They may come back and buy something from us in the same month. So. These 2,708 customers, for example, they placed 4,073 orders in the month of November. But that doesn't mean we had 4700, 4073 unique customers. Right? We had only these many unique customers. First of all, that, and if you remember, I told you we are going to download 24 months of data, but the analysis is just for 12 months. 12 months LTV lifetime value. The reason I said that we are downloading the 24 months of data is because we want to compare the unique customers, I mean the customers in the month of November. When you're trying to calculate the unique customers acquired in the month of November, we are going to compare all those customers with the last 12 months and eliminate anybody who purchased from us in the last 12 months. So for November, we'll compare that with all the customers between October. Okay. November 2022 and October 2023 and eliminate anybody who purchased during that last. That those 12 months. And then that's how we'll define the cohort size. Right. You are trying to do the analysis only on unique customers. Do you understand this one? I understand the cohort size. I'm trying to digest the exception or the exclusion list. You will probably see that done in the data manipulation. That's what you need to verify, basically. So for this 2,700ft. So ideally these are the unique customers that purchased only on November 2023. Right. And I'm trying to figure out the. The one you mentioned that there are customers that we are excluding from November 2022 to October 2023. Yes, 12 months. But yeah, I'm going to study these, the formulas. Probably you will not get it from here, but do you understand the concept? Yeah. So to make sure the customers are unique, we're doing two things. One is we're comparing with the last 12 months and we're also making sure that in the month of November, after excluding the customers even, I mean from the last 12 months, whoever is left even, they may make multiple purchases in the same month. So we have to define that. Right. The same customer may come back and purchase twice or three times. So we have to define unique customers in that way. So basically, Soham. So for this 2708, these are new customers only. Yes. That purchased for November 2020. Yes, that's right, but understood. All right, yeah, that's very good. And this is basically the number of unique emails in the month of November. I showed you the email. That is a very important column. And we are comparing those emails with the last 12 months. Yeah, the emails is basically customer ID. All right, so now similarly for December 2023, we have to compare with last 12 months. Right. So what will that be? That will start from December 2022 to November 2023. Yeah. Okay, so now let's talk about what we did on this 2708 unique customers. What we're trying to do here is we are trying to see how these unique customers or unique, new unique and new customers are behaving with the brand over the last. Over the next 12 months here, for example, we see, oh, out of these 2,708 customers, 850 customers repeated again in December 2023. Then out of these customers we had 977 customers who repeated in January. And then you can keep on seeing the numbers. Right. Even in October 2024, 12 months later, 514 customers of these people repeated in October. That is very impressive and very rare, I'd say. Now what we're trying. Sorry, sorry. To cut a few of. So here on column F, we have. We have 850 repeating customers. And those 850 are excluded on the December 2023 cohort size. That is right. Yes. All right, Understood. Yeah. Okay. And these, let's now take a look at this one purchases. So in the month of November, these many customers made these many purchases. In December, these many customers made these many purchases. Similarly, if we took a look at the next row, these many purchases mean this much revenue. Right. And then similarly, this means this much revenue. And the next row, I'm not really sure what it is. Okay, let's see. If you add these all of these, then that will mean the cumulative revenue. I think, I think this is wrong. This number is wrong. Something is wrong. How come the cumulative revenue is basically adding all these numbers plus this, like doubling it. Why would you do that? I don't know. This is wrong. I think cumulative revenue column is wrong. It could probably be just add up these column up to this column P, not also Q. So you have to eliminate that. And retention is basically calculating the repeat purchase percentage. So I'm not entirely sure what they have divided. I mean how they calculated this sale here. But I think this one is calculated by dividing how many people. Ideally this is being calculated by calculating, dividing this number active customers, the repeat purchase customers with this. So yeah, so like just to verify. Yeah, that's how it is calculated. But I'm not sure how they calculated these repeat purchases. No, it shouldn't be zero. Shouldn't be zero. Because some of these customers they have repeated in the same month. Right. So these many customers repeat made total of these many purchases, some of these customers repeated in the same month. So probably that's what it has calculated. And then divided it with this. So 12% of these many customers purchased again in the same month. Do you get the idea? I'm okay. My impression is that the retention rate formula, for example in the retention rate formula for November 2023 in column E is different with the retention rate for December 2020. What is that? Is what with November 2022. What? A while ago you divided 850 with 2708, right? In column C. Yes. My understanding, if you are going to use the same formula. No, it's not the same formula. Yes. No, no, no, that's not the formula, but I think you can read the formula from here. But I think it's a different formula. Whatever it is. I think it's just. It has a way of knowing how many of these customers repeated again in the same month. And then that's the number. It's. It's dividing that number with this. All right. Yeah. And these are the things that we have to verify, actually. I mean, for example, it's quite unbelievable to me, actually, that 2708 people made these many purchases. It's a bit unrealistic to me in the same month. So we'll have to. I mean, you will have to verify these things, whether the data is accurate. That's, that's what you need to validate. It's very important because we're going to use for actual clients. We haven't been doing it for our clients so far, but now it's the time that we do it. So we need to validate this data at least how it's manipulating it. Got it. Well, for example, here, in this month, this is also one month's data, we have 3516 columns. Right? So, sorry, not columns, rows. If I. First of all, I'm not sure if there will be multiple rows for the same order. It may be there if in the same order, the same customer, basically, in the same order, they have purchased the two different SKUs or multiple different skus. We can take that easily if we, if we just see there are duplicates or not. There should be. So for example, here, it's the same order. So it's the same purchase. Right? You cannot, we cannot just. How, how did you know that this customer on row 14 and 15 purchase the same order? How. How do I know that the order ID is the same? So if the order ID is the same, it means that it's the same order, same purchase. Yes, yes, exactly. Yes. So, I mean, here we'll have to see how many unique purchases there are. So those are the numbers you have to verify here. For example, one could simply say, oh, there are 3,516 rows. So 300, 506, 3516 purchases. No, because there are duplicate rules for the same order. Why? When is that happening? When they're Purchasing two different products in the same order, that is very common. Right. You can purchase two different things at this in the same order. So that's why it's happening. So here, for example. Oh, yeah, two different purchases. Again. Now you will also see for these duplicate ones, the customer email is the same because it's the same customer. So we have to take care of that part. That. First of all, you have to understand that, yes, there are different purchase. There may be duplicate rows for same purchase. To somehow treat that as one purchase at the same time, you have to know that they have, they can purchase two different products. Hold on. Yes. For example, can you please go Back to row 14 and 15? Yep. So, for example. Yeah, for example. So this is our cohort size. We have, for example, only one cohort size. And the purchase, the purchase value should be one or two. Oh, no, no, the dollar value. This is the dollar value. It should be 39.98. Summation of these two. But I thought it's for revenue. Yeah, that's the revenue. And the units purchased is two. Number of units. Got it. I'll study the formula. Sure. Yeah. So the basic concept is very simple, but when you're actually trying to make it accurate, it's a bit more complicated than that. Now, what's this retention rate? I told you about that. So in the first month, the average purchase value is 28.21 $. According to this analysis, it may not be accurate because, I mean, we are simply dividing this total revenue of the month with the active customers in that month, the unique customers. So if you, if you do that, then it will be 28. Simply that. And in this month, what we have done is this is the lifetime value. We are, we are literally not dividing this revenue of the month with these active customers. Rather, what we're trying to do is we're trying to. We're trying to calculate the average lifetime value. Right. And we're doing that analysis on this same cohort for all of these months afterwards. I mean, all of these months afterwards. So what we're trying to do is we are trying to assign a dollar value, average dollar value for each of the repeat purchases that are happening for this cohort. You know what that means is because this is the repeat purchase value for the months afterwards. How can we assign a dollar value, average dollar value per customers per unique customer for November. We have to divide this number with this. Not this. Divide this one with this. That's. That's the average value that you can assign. Right. Does that make sense? Yeah, so we are, I mean, I just don't want you to just understand the formula. Also the concept. We are trying to calculate the lifetime value and average lifetime value. So on average in the first month, the November, they purchase this much, right. This cohort. Now what's happening in the next month, this Cohort is generating $26,663. So what's the average? We have to divide this with this cohort size. Similarly, we have to keep on doing that for the other months. So that's the dollar value. You are getting to see the average values. Now if you want to calculate the average lifetime value for 12 months, you have to sum these numbers up. And that's coming to 125. I'm getting the. So it's accumulated dollars spent. So the, the. That is the revenue for the cohort size. I see. I'm actually I, I'm at this point, so I'm, I'm torn between what would be the denominator to be used for the cohort size. So it's. I, well, at this point I'm kind of lost if it's going to be the court size or the active customers. Because I'm thinking that the revenue, for example, in F6, the revenue is from the 850 active customers. Yes. So that's. Yes, you are right about that. Now you are trying to understand why are you not dividing this with 850? Yeah, so I'm trying to understand. Yes. Okay, good question. The reason is we are not trying to calculate the average revenue per customer for the month of December. We're trying to understand the average lifetime value. So what we're trying to do is we're trying to understand how much did this cohort on average generate in the month of December. Right. I mean, everyone is not repeating in December, for sure. So if these, out of these 2708 customers, only 850 people purchased and they generated this much revenue. To calculate the average per cohort size for the entire cohort size, we have to divide with the cohort size. Right. I mean, our interest is only these cohorts and nothing else. We're trying to calculate the average par for this cohort. So no matter how many customers purchased, we're going to divide that revenue with the cohort size and that will be the average lifetime value. So for your example, the example that I started with, where you are the only customer who we divided with one because we just had one customer. Now I said we may have many customers, right. So average to calculate the average. We have to divide the cohort size. Yeah, that's what we have done here, by the way, in this analysis, we didn't take 24 months of data. It's. It was taken. It was based on 12 months. So that's not very accurate. That's why this value is so high. Anyway, that's not something that you have to be concerned about. I'll try to provide you with 12, 24 months of data. I'm not sure if I can generate 24 months of data. That's the limitation. So I'll see how much I can generate. All right, all right, I'm sorry. So, by the way, so far, can you please. I would like to see the formula for the cohort size. Can you please take this one? It's coming from Raw Data tab. Is the exclusion for the previous months already included in that formula? That's what we have to check. And it's not only on the Excel formula, by the way. So first of all, it's coming from the raw data type, right. So you have to check these views that have been generated using dweaver, what they are doing. So, for example, the Raw Data tab is coming from this table, this view. So I simply copied this. Right. Select all Control A and select all, copy and copied this and pasted it here. Sorry, not that here. Right. And based on that, Excel has also done these filters. This is some sort of filters. And also these are created here. So you first of all, check. Have to check what has been done here. And for example, the Product RAW is coming from this tab, and I have a video on that. I'll be sending you that. Like how exactly I'm generating this file here. You don't have to scratch your head to figure that out. And then how am I. I mean, what am I exactly copying and pasting into the Excel? So Product RAW tab is going to the Product Raw tab here. Product tab. I. Tell me what you wanted to say something. So Product Summary tab was going into the Product tab. Okay. All right. Sounds good, Louis. Yeah. So I think the first step, now that you understand the theory a little bit better, you have to check what's happening here first, how these views are being generated, when, first of all, when you're importing the data, what kind of manipulation is this table doing? And then how these views are being generated, that's what you have to look into first and understand. I don't know how exactly to do that. I mean, can you do that? If you look into this table and how it's Working. Is there a way of seeing that? Actually we can. There should. Here. From what. Based on my experience, I'm. The tables. These are the, the raw data, these are the pure data. And for the views, there should be some transformation or calculations so that, so that only qualified hosts will be loaded on these views. Yeah. And there should be the se. I'm. I, I'm not just sure. How should I. How would I be able to see the. Exactly. The query that was used to create the view? Because from there I should be able to understand how these rows are being calculated or what were the filter for this views. Yeah, exactly, exactly. But before that. So should I. How should I download it? Or I definitely. I need to install the beeper, right? Yes, you need to. And I'll send you this database. Right. You can import the database. I'll have a video on that. Like how to do the exact process and create these views. Right. Import the data and create these views. I'll show you one, give you one video. And based on that, you can. What you have to figure out is what you said is how to check how this data is being created or generated. I have no idea. Yeah, yeah. It's like in Excel, if I'm going to use an analogy. So in Excel looks like a pivot table wherein only certain rows will be displayed based on certain criteria. Yeah, I have no idea, honestly. So maybe you can generate SQL. Can you please? I have no idea how this works, so I'll just let you take a look. Generate SQL. Oh, but, but there's no. I'll study how can I get the SQL for creating these views, because that's the key to understanding how the data are being populated on these views. Okay. All right, so what I'll do is I'll send you this file and I'll also send you the monthly data that you need. Along with that, I'll send you the DBEAver database that you need to import. Right. And then a video explaining how you have to process. How I'm supposed to process. So. So that you can use this data here. All right. And then you can take a look at it. So by the way, I'm trying to figure out the setup of the database. So am I going to create my own database environment or am I going. I would say better if you just use the existing system. If you can do that, because creating it from scratch maybe will take time. This took a lot of time to create. Then if that's the case, please also share with me your credentials so that I can use that for logging in dp. Sure. You probably won't need that. The seller central data. I'll send you the actual data. I can share the credential. That doesn't matter. But you probably don't need that because I'll send you the actual files that you need to process. Yeah, that's correct. So in dbeaver after installing, so do you. Oh, it seems to me that it's going to be local. Yeah, yeah, because I'm trying to understand here. On your end you have your delivery, so you processed, you process the. On your end you already have the, the tables, the view. And on my end, if I'm going to download and install it eventually, then I'm assuming that on my end it's a blank workspace wherein the tables and database that you have will not. It's. That's, that's not available. It will be available. I'll send you the database that you can upload to your DV for after you install in the white. Whatever you have, you will not have anything. Right. It's a blank space. But I'll send you the database that you can import and you will see exactly what I see right now. Ah, sure, sure, sure, sure. Yeah. Yep. Okay. All right. So that's basically it. One more concept that I'll tell you that will be helpful is point of market entry. You will also see that column here quite a few times. I think point of market entry is basically trying to understand when the customer purchased for the first time. I'm not sure if you can see that here. You see pome, Pome is point of market entry. Alright. So it's trying to understand when the customer purchased from us for the first time. And that is important because you are trying to deduplicate. Right? So for example, you're trying to compare, let's say the analysis started from November 2023. You are trying to understand, you're trying to eliminate who, whoever purchased from us in the last 12 months. So in order to do that you need to understand the sequence of purchase. Right? So for each customer, so when did the purchase for the first time and after that, anything after that is basically a repeat purchase. So that's the concept of point of market entry. And these 2708 customers are supposed to be the first, their first time purchases this month. So November 2023 should be their point of market entry. Do you get that? Let the point of market entry month for these many customers. Yeah. All right, I will stop recording here.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: So the focus, let me focus on just this for now, this table and explain what it does. So the call, first of all, the concept of LTV or lifetime value is this. And I think I have it, I had it written even on this

Speaker B: test.

Speaker A: I can probably share that with you. Okay, here I have mentioned LTV is a metric used to value customers in a business, that a business acquires. I'm just reading it from here.

Speaker B: But.

Speaker A: You know what, let me just describe from here. It's a, it's too basic. So lifetime value. Let's say we are a business, we are selling health supplements, right? And then we are advertising our product, we are marketing for our products. Then we are getting new customers every month. Lifetime value of a customer, by the sound of it, sounds like, I mean lifetime. That's a big thing to say. But when I say lifetime value, we generally try to measure, let's say you are a customer, you come to us and you purchased our supplement because you really needed one. Let's say you needed vitamin D. So you purchase vitamin D from us and after using it, you seem to believe that it's working for you. Although you don't get to see the results immediately. But it's a 30 days dosage. The vitamin D that you bought from us there, you had only 30 pills. So after 30 days it's over and you think it's quite good, you like the product. So you come back to us and purchase another bottle next month, right? So like that, you keep on repeating it every month for let's say for the next eight months or in different cases, maybe after using three months you stopped. But then after two months you feel like, you know what, I think I need the vitamin D again. So you start purchasing from us again. So what's happening is in the first month, for the first purchase, maybe you spent, I'm saying this in terms of dollar, just $20 to purchase the vitamin D. But if I take a look out of in the first case, I said you purchased it for eight months, after eight months you ended up spending $160 with us.

Speaker B: So

Speaker A: if I had to, let's say in that year you just purchased it for eight months. So if I had to measure the lifetime value of for 12 months for a customer, I mean for you as a customer, then it will be $160. That's the lifetime value. Okay? So now in a company, we don't just have one customer, right? We have many customers. So let's say a company like ours has thousand customers, then we are going to calculate average lifetime value over 12 months, if I have to calculate average, then it will become average. Right? We have to average it out. Average lifetime value for the thousand customers for a year. Now let me talk about a very important concept here, the concept of defining cohorts. So we can define cohort. You are familiar with the concept of cohorts. I think that's a term that you have to use in data analysis quite frequently. Do you? That's okay if you don't. Okay, so cohort is basically a group here. By cohort I mean when I explained a simple concept of calculating LTV 12 month LTV with you as a customer. Now in that analysis you were just one person. So in that example, the cohort just consisted of one customer. That was you. Now let's say we are trying to do the lifetime value analysis. 12 months lifetime value analysis. And in this case we can define, for example, here for this row, we have defined the cohort size as 2708. Right? What does that mean? That means, I mean these are the customers that purchased from us in the month of November 2023. So we're defining the cohort as the unique customers. I'll tell you why I'm saying unique. Unique customers that purchased from us just in the month of October, November. That's how we have defined the group or cohort for this analysis. There are so many different ways of defining the cohort. But here we have our cohort is the customers, unique customers just in the month of November. Here, for example, these are unique customers just in the month of December. So what I mean by that is what we are doing in this table. First of all, let me tell you why I'm saying unique. Unique will mean there are some of out of some of these unique customers. Unique customers. They may have come back in the same month of November and repeated or purchased something else from us. Right? That may happen if they like the product or if they saw I purchased this, they have also these. I need that too. They may come back and buy something from us in the same month.

Speaker B: So.

Speaker A: These 2,708 customers, for example, they placed 4,073 orders in the month of November. But that doesn't mean we had 4700, 4073 unique customers.

Speaker B: Right?

Speaker A: We had only these many unique customers. First of all, that, and if you remember, I told you we are going to download 24 months of data, but the analysis is just for 12 months. 12 months LTV lifetime value. The reason I said that we are downloading the 24 months of data is because we want to compare the unique customers, I mean the customers in the month of November. When you're trying to calculate the unique customers acquired in the month of November, we are going to compare all those customers with the last 12 months and eliminate anybody who purchased from us in the last 12 months. So for November, we'll compare that with all the customers between

Speaker B: October. Okay.

Speaker A: November 2022 and October 2023 and eliminate anybody who purchased during that last. That those 12 months. And then that's how we'll define the cohort size. Right. You are trying to do the analysis only on unique customers. Do you understand this one?

Speaker B: I understand the cohort size. I'm trying to digest the exception or the exclusion list.

Speaker A: You will probably see that done in the data manipulation. That's what you need to verify, basically.

Speaker B: So for this 2,700ft. So ideally these are the unique customers that purchased only on November 2023.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: And I'm trying to figure out the. The one you mentioned that there are customers that we are excluding from November 2022 to October 2023.

Speaker A: Yes, 12 months.

Speaker B: But yeah, I'm going to study these, the formulas.

Speaker A: Probably you will not get it from here, but do you understand the concept?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So to make sure the customers are unique, we're doing two things. One is we're comparing with the last 12 months and we're also making sure that in the month of November, after excluding the customers even, I mean from the last 12 months, whoever is left even, they may make multiple purchases in the same month. So we have to define that. Right. The same customer may come back and purchase twice or three times. So we have to define unique customers in that way.

Speaker B: So basically, Soham. So for this 2708, these are new customers only.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: That purchased for November 2020.

Speaker A: Yes, that's right, but understood. All right, yeah, that's very good. And this is basically the number of unique emails in the month of November. I showed you the email. That is a very important column. And we are comparing those emails with the last 12 months. Yeah, the emails is basically customer ID. All right, so now similarly for December 2023, we have to compare with last 12 months. Right. So what will that be? That will start from December 2022 to November 2023. Yeah. Okay, so now let's talk about what we did on this 2708 unique customers. What we're trying to do here is we are trying to see how these unique customers or unique, new unique and new customers are behaving with the brand over the last. Over the next 12 months here, for example, we see, oh, out of these 2,708 customers, 850 customers repeated again in December 2023. Then out of these customers we had 977 customers who repeated in January. And then you can keep on seeing the numbers.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Even in October 2024, 12 months later, 514 customers of these people repeated in October. That is very impressive and very rare, I'd say. Now what we're trying.

Speaker B: Sorry, sorry. To cut a few of. So here on column F, we have. We have 850 repeating customers. And those 850 are excluded on the December 2023 cohort size.

Speaker A: That is right.

Speaker B: Yes. All right, Understood.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. And these, let's now take a look at this one purchases. So in the month of November, these many customers made these many purchases. In December, these many customers made these many purchases. Similarly, if we took a look at the next row, these many purchases mean this much revenue.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: And then similarly, this means this much revenue. And the next row, I'm not really sure what it is. Okay, let's see. If you add these all of these, then that will mean the cumulative revenue. I think, I think this is wrong. This number is wrong. Something is wrong. How come the cumulative revenue is basically adding all these numbers plus this, like doubling it. Why would you do that? I don't know. This is wrong. I think cumulative revenue column is wrong. It could probably be just add up these column up to this column P, not also Q. So you have to eliminate that. And retention is basically calculating the repeat purchase percentage. So I'm not entirely sure what they have divided. I mean how they calculated this sale here. But I think this one is calculated by dividing how many people. Ideally this is being calculated by calculating, dividing this number active customers, the repeat purchase customers with this. So yeah, so like just to verify. Yeah, that's how it is calculated. But I'm not sure how they calculated these repeat purchases. No, it shouldn't be zero. Shouldn't be zero. Because some of these customers they have repeated in the same month. Right. So these many customers repeat made total of these many purchases, some of these customers repeated in the same month. So probably that's what it has calculated. And then divided it with this. So 12% of these many customers purchased again in the same month. Do you get the idea?

Speaker B: I'm okay. My impression is that the retention rate formula, for example in the retention rate formula for November 2023 in column E is different with the retention rate for December 2020.

Speaker A: What is that? Is what with November 2022. What?

Speaker B: A while ago you divided 850 with 2708, right? In column C. Yes. My understanding, if you are going to use the same formula.

Speaker A: No, it's not the same formula. Yes. No, no, no, that's not the formula, but I think you can read the formula from here. But I think it's a different formula. Whatever it is. I think it's just. It has a way of knowing how many of these customers repeated again in the same month. And then that's the number. It's. It's dividing that number with this.

Speaker B: All right. Yeah.

Speaker A: And these are the things that we have to verify, actually. I mean, for example, it's quite unbelievable to me, actually, that 2708 people made these many purchases. It's a bit unrealistic to me in the same month. So we'll have to. I mean, you will have to verify these things, whether the data is accurate. That's, that's what you need to validate. It's very important because we're going to use for actual clients. We haven't been doing it for our clients so far, but now it's the time that we do it. So we need to validate this data at least how it's manipulating it. Got it. Well, for example, here, in this month, this is also one month's data, we have 3516 columns. Right? So, sorry, not columns, rows. If I. First of all, I'm not sure if there will be multiple rows for the same order. It may be there if in the same order, the same customer, basically, in the same order, they have purchased the two different SKUs or multiple different skus. We can take that easily if we, if we just see there are duplicates or not. There should be. So for example, here, it's the same order. So it's the same purchase. Right? You cannot, we cannot just.

Speaker B: How, how did you know that this customer on row 14 and 15 purchase the same order? How.

Speaker A: How do I know that the order ID is the same?

Speaker B: So if the order ID is the same, it means that it's the same order, same purchase.

Speaker A: Yes, yes, exactly. Yes. So, I mean, here we'll have to see how many unique purchases there are. So those are the numbers you have to verify here. For example, one could simply say, oh, there are 3,516 rows. So 300, 506, 3516 purchases. No, because there are duplicate rules for the same order. Why? When is that happening? When they're Purchasing two different products in the same order, that is very common.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: You can purchase two different things at this in the same order. So that's why it's happening. So here, for example. Oh, yeah, two different purchases. Again. Now you will also see for these duplicate ones, the customer email is the same because it's the same customer. So we have to take care of that part.

Speaker B: That.

Speaker A: First of all, you have to understand that, yes, there are different purchase. There may be duplicate rows for same purchase. To somehow treat that as one purchase at the same time, you have to know that they have, they can purchase two different products.

Speaker B: Hold on.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: For example, can you please go Back to row 14 and 15?

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: So, for example. Yeah, for example. So this is our cohort size. We have, for example, only one cohort size. And the purchase, the purchase value should be one or two.

Speaker A: Oh, no, no, the dollar value. This is the dollar value. It should be 39.98. Summation of these two.

Speaker B: But I thought it's for revenue.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's the revenue. And the units purchased is two. Number of units. Got it.

Speaker B: I'll study the formula.

Speaker A: Sure. Yeah. So the basic concept is very simple, but when you're actually trying to make it accurate, it's a bit more complicated than that. Now, what's this retention rate? I told you about that. So in the first month, the average purchase value is 28.21 $. According to this analysis, it may not be accurate because, I mean, we are simply dividing this total revenue of the month with the active customers in that month, the unique customers. So if you, if you do that, then it will be 28. Simply that. And in this month, what we have done is this is the lifetime value. We are, we are literally not dividing this revenue of the month with these active customers. Rather, what we're trying to do is we're trying to. We're trying to calculate the average lifetime value. Right. And we're doing that analysis on this same cohort for all of these months afterwards. I mean, all of these months afterwards. So what we're trying to do is we are trying to assign a dollar value, average dollar value for each of the repeat purchases that are happening for this cohort. You know what that means is because this is the repeat purchase value for the months afterwards. How can we assign a dollar value, average dollar value per customers per unique customer for November. We have to divide this number with this. Not this. Divide this one with this. That's. That's the average value that you can assign. Right. Does that make sense? Yeah, so we are, I mean, I just don't want you to just understand the formula. Also the concept. We are trying to calculate the lifetime value and average lifetime value. So on average in the first month, the November, they purchase this much, right. This cohort. Now what's happening in the next month, this Cohort is generating $26,663. So what's the average? We have to divide this with this cohort size. Similarly, we have to keep on doing that for the other months. So that's the dollar value. You are getting to see the average values. Now if you want to calculate the average lifetime value for 12 months, you have to sum these numbers up. And that's coming to 125.

Speaker B: I'm getting the. So it's accumulated dollars spent. So the, the. That is the revenue for the cohort size. I see.

Speaker A: I'm

Speaker B: actually I, I'm at this point, so I'm, I'm torn between what would be the denominator to be used for the cohort size. So it's. I, well, at this point I'm kind of lost if it's going to be the court size or the active customers. Because I'm thinking that the revenue, for example, in F6, the revenue is from the 850 active customers. Yes. So that's.

Speaker A: Yes, you are right about that. Now you are trying to understand why are you not dividing this with 850?

Speaker B: Yeah, so I'm trying to understand.

Speaker A: Yes. Okay, good question. The reason is we are not trying to calculate the average revenue per customer for the month of December. We're trying to understand the average lifetime value. So what we're trying to do is we're trying to understand how much did this cohort on average generate in the month of December.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: I mean, everyone is not repeating in December, for sure. So if these, out of these 2708 customers, only 850 people purchased and they generated this much revenue. To calculate the average per cohort size for the entire cohort size, we have to divide with the cohort size. Right. I mean, our interest is only these cohorts and nothing else. We're trying to calculate the average par for this cohort. So no matter how many customers purchased, we're going to divide that revenue with the cohort size and that will be the average lifetime value. So for your example, the example that I started with, where you are the only customer who we divided with one because we just had one customer. Now I said we may have many customers, right. So average to calculate the average. We have to divide the cohort size. Yeah, that's what we have done here, by the way, in this analysis, we didn't take 24 months of data. It's. It was taken. It was based on 12 months. So that's not very accurate. That's why this value is so high. Anyway, that's not something that you have to be concerned about. I'll try to provide you with 12, 24 months of data. I'm not sure if I can generate 24 months of data. That's the limitation. So I'll see how much I can generate.

Speaker B: All right, all right, I'm sorry. So, by the way, so far, can you please. I would like to see the formula for the cohort size. Can you please take this one?

Speaker A: It's coming from Raw Data tab.

Speaker B: Is the exclusion for the previous months already included in that formula?

Speaker A: That's what we have to check. And it's not only on the Excel formula, by the way. So first of all, it's coming from the raw data type, right. So you have to check these views that have been generated using dweaver, what they are doing. So, for example, the Raw Data tab is coming from this table, this view. So I simply copied this. Right. Select all Control A and select all, copy and copied this and pasted it here. Sorry, not that here. Right. And based on that, Excel has also done these filters. This is some sort of filters. And also these are created here. So you first of all, check. Have to check what has been done here. And for example, the Product RAW is coming from this tab, and I have a video on that. I'll be sending you that. Like how exactly I'm generating this file here. You don't have to scratch your head to figure that out. And then how am I. I mean, what am I exactly copying and pasting into the Excel? So Product RAW tab is going to the Product Raw tab here. Product tab.

Speaker B: I.

Speaker A: Tell me what you wanted to say something. So Product Summary tab was going into the Product tab.

Speaker B: Okay. All right.

Speaker A: Sounds good, Louis. Yeah. So I think the first step, now that you understand the theory a little bit better, you have to check what's happening here first, how these views are being generated, when, first of all, when you're importing the data, what kind of manipulation is this table doing? And then how these views are being generated, that's what you have to look into first and understand. I don't know how exactly to do that. I mean, can you do that? If you look into this table and how it's Working. Is there a way of seeing that?

Speaker B: Actually we can. There should. Here. From what. Based on my experience, I'm. The tables. These are the, the raw data, these are the pure data. And for the views, there should be some transformation or calculations so that, so that only qualified hosts will be loaded on these views.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And there should be the se. I'm. I, I'm not just sure. How should I. How would I be able to see the. Exactly. The query that was used to create the view? Because from there I should be able to understand how these rows are being calculated or what were the filter for this views.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly, exactly.

Speaker B: But before that. So should I. How should I download it? Or I definitely. I need to install the beeper, right?

Speaker A: Yes, you need to. And I'll send you this database. Right. You can import the database. I'll have a video on that. Like how to do the exact process and create these views. Right. Import the data and create these views. I'll show you one, give you one video. And based on that, you can. What you have to figure out is what you said is how to check how this data is being created or generated. I have no idea.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. It's like in Excel, if I'm going to use an analogy. So in Excel looks like a pivot table wherein only certain rows will be displayed based on certain criteria.

Speaker A: Yeah, I have no idea, honestly.

Speaker B: So maybe you can generate SQL. Can you please?

Speaker A: I have no idea how this works, so I'll just let you take a look. Generate SQL.

Speaker B: Oh, but, but there's no. I'll study how can I get the SQL for creating these views, because that's the key to understanding how the data are being populated on these views.

Speaker A: Okay. All right, so what I'll do is I'll send you this file and I'll also send you the monthly data that you need. Along with that, I'll send you the DBEAver database that you need to import. Right. And then a video explaining how you have to process. How I'm supposed to process.

Speaker B: So.

Speaker A: So that you can use this data here. All right. And then you can take a look at it.

Speaker B: So by the way, I'm trying to figure out the setup of the database. So am I going to create my own database environment or am I going.

Speaker A: I would say better if you just use the existing system. If you can do that, because creating it from scratch maybe will take time. This took a lot of time to create.

Speaker B: Then if that's the case, please also share with me your credentials so that I can use that for logging in dp.

Speaker A: Sure. You probably won't need that. The seller central data. I'll send you the actual data. I can share the credential. That doesn't matter. But you probably don't need that because I'll send you the actual files that you need to process.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's correct. So in dbeaver after installing, so do you. Oh, it seems to me that it's going to be local. Yeah, yeah, because I'm trying to understand here. On your end you have your delivery, so you processed, you process the. On your end you already have the, the tables, the view. And on my end, if I'm going to download and install it eventually, then I'm assuming that on my end it's a blank workspace wherein the tables and database that you have will not. It's. That's, that's not available.

Speaker A: It will be available. I'll send you the database that you can upload to your DV for after you install in the white. Whatever you have, you will not have anything. Right. It's a blank space. But I'll send you the database that you can import and you will see exactly what I see right now.

Speaker B: Ah, sure, sure, sure, sure.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yep. Okay. All right. So that's basically it. One more concept that I'll tell you that will be helpful is point of market entry. You will also see that column here quite a few times. I think point of market entry is basically trying to understand when the customer purchased for the first time. I'm not sure if you can see that here. You see pome, Pome is point of market entry. Alright. So it's trying to understand when the customer purchased from us for the first time. And that is important because you are trying to deduplicate. Right? So for example, you're trying to compare, let's say the analysis started from November 2023. You are trying to understand, you're trying to eliminate who, whoever purchased from us in the last 12 months. So in order to do that you need to understand the sequence of purchase.

Speaker B: Right?

Speaker A: So for each customer, so when did the purchase for the first time and after that, anything after that is basically a repeat purchase. So that's the concept of point of market entry. And these 2708 customers are supposed to be the first, their first time purchases this month. So November 2023 should be their point of market entry. Do you get that? Let the point of market entry month for these many customers. Yeah. All right, I will stop recording here.

