Transcript for: Recording__994.mp4
Title: Recording #994
============================================================

How are you doing? I'm good. I just have someone who is definitely not jealous at all. She just happens to be here. Yeah. So it looks like you have made some friends. Ah, she thinks so. For sure. But then I try to pet her. Yeah. And if I pet her too much, then she bites me, so I don't know about you, but that's generally not how I treat my friends. I don't know. Maybe I. I'm doing it wrong. We'll see. All right. How are you today? Good. Yeah. You have cats all around you. I can see three right now. Yeah. For some reason, when you volunteer at a cat shelter, there's a lot of cats. It's really weird. Wow. But, yeah, there's. There's a ton here because I'm literally at. Literally living in a shelter. So you're living with them? They're letting you live with them? Yeah, they are. They're definitely. They're the ones in charge. Yeah. And I know that because if I tried to pick her up and get her off my computer, then she will bite me. Won't you? You literally. I don't know if you saw. She just did. I'll hopefully still have all my fingers by the time I leave, but we'll. I not holding my breath on it. All right. For today, though, I want to go ahead and head and jump into it, because I actually have a couple things that I want to go over. So did you get a chance to go over the minimal pairs? Yeah. All right. What did you think of those? Well, before I tell you about that, I was looking at the material section, and it seems like we have covered a lot of the things that are on there. Am I right? I mean, or am I just. We've covered a decent chunk. Let me peek here. Yeah. We've gone over all the short vowels. I'd like to circle back to the long vowels at some point, but I don't think those are really a priority, especially since the thing we're going over today, I want to talk about before revisiting vowels in general. Let's see a decent amount of the consonants. I think going over fricatives in general would be very helpful for you. So we've only gone over voiced and voiceless th. But there's a lot of other fricative consonants I want to go over. Okay. I want to talk about aspiration. So that would be stop consonants. But we already touched on that. Yes. Yeah. I mean, we've talked about a decent number. There's definitely some things I'd still like to get to, but we have covered a good bite of the materials. That gives me some hope. Because now, I mean, we have been going over a lot of things, but really it's not. I think I haven't internalized many of those. So probably if we are done with most of the things, that will give me. Give us a chance to go back to them and actually practice. Yeah, definitely. If there's a thing in particular you want to review, go ahead and let me know. Were you thinking of anything? Nah, I'm just saying I don't know what will be good for me, so probably we'll know better. I'll ask the cats. Yeah. Okay. Before we do anything, I do want to go over the things that we are working on currently, though right now, I think th is definitely one of the more challenging sounds in English in general for basically anyone. Even for little baby English speakers. We don't like this sound either. Okay, so what were you saying about the minimal pairs? It makes sense. That's all I can say. I was trying to. I was. I was listening. I was trying to pronounce them myself and then listening to the audio and then pronounce again. I don't know. I felt like I was doing okay. But maybe you can listen to me reading a few of those. Yeah, let's go back to them. Before I listen, though, I want to ask, so. So D is a stop consonant. What does that mean? D is a stop consonant. What that means, like say stop sound. One of those. The T, D, P, B, and all those things that you read before. So, okay, what that means. I forgot what that means. So that means that you stop the air. So when you make the defend, what do you do with your tongue? Like the tip of the tongue, it kind of touches the top and then that stops the airflow. It doesn't kind of. It definitely. It ends up there for sure. Definitely. Does it? Okay. And then I release the ear. So that's the second part. Yeah, you take it prisoner. You release it. Same with T. So T, T, T, D, same thing. You stop, you release. This English has quite a few of these. For example, P and B. Only this is with the lips, obviously. B, K and G. It's with the back of the tongue. So it's like. And then G. So we have quite a few of these. And my think the thing that I've noticed with your th is that it seems like it's shifting into a stop consonant rather than a fricative, which A fricative, of course, is the opposite. Where. What do you do with the air instead of stopping it. Sorry, one more time. The last thing. So stop constants. You stop the air and then you release it. What do you do with the fricative? Fricative. You just let the air flow. You should be able to drag it for a very long time. Yes. And you could feel the movement with the stop constant because you have the multiple steps. You have to stop the air, hold the air, release the air. You know, lots of air things. But with the fricative sense, it's flowing. It should not be moving at all. Yes. And what I'm kind of feeling. And I think last time we talked about it, you kind of noticed this as well, that your th is moving. It's trying to shift around a little bit, which is kind of stop. Consonant behavior. So if it's interrupting the airflow, that's. And that's what I'm hearing. That's the issue here. So were you able to notice that during the stop consonants and kind of comparing directly to when you're supposed to be stopping the air versus when? Well, yes. So you asked me to notice whether it's also dependent on the position of the th required in the world. Yeah. Whether it's easier or more difficult. Yeah. Now, I didn't. Okay, so here's what I observed. I observed, in some cases, it's easier for me to do the fricative sound, but in some cases it's more. It has to be more brief. And in that case, it doesn't feel like it's a fricative. Which part did you say that was? And that's something that I didn't clearly observe, I'd say, but feels like most of the time it's inside the word. When it's in the end, then I can easily do it. The fricative sound. I'm not sure about the beginning, though. Beginning is probably also. Okay. We can probably give it a try, but I think it's especially difficult when it's in the middle. Okay, let's go ahead and peek at that then. Which. Which group of the pairs did you read? I read all of them. All of them. Fancy. Yeah, I'm a good. All right, Pick one. We'll go through together. Let's go for the upper, intermediate, upper inter. Oh, okay. Not quite advanced, but we're getting there. All right, I want you to read these and. Yeah, just. Just read them like normal at first. I'm not gonna have you draw them out or anything for now. Okay. Breed, breathe, dare. There do. Though I think I'm also having some difficulty when it's in the beginning. Die thy load. Lo side. Is it not sky? It's scythe. Scythe. Okay, so we don't pronounce the C. Sud. Sud. What's the first one? Sud. Sued. Sued. Yeah, so it's not sued. It's sued. Like. Like the name. Sue. Sue. Okay. And what did I do? I did sh. You. You did it more like double O. Sued. Okay. Yeah. So open your mouth a little bit more. A little bit more air. A little bit more lips going forward. So it's su. Su. Okay. Sue. Sued. Suede. Other. Other. Yeah. What was that last one? Other. Other. Nice. All right, so you were saying that you do feel as if the beginning is a little off, I think. So. Where are you placing your tongue? Let's try there. Oh, I see what's happening. It's like. It's right. It's touching the behind, like, back of the teeth. Upper teeth. Okay, so it's actually touching the teeth. Yeah, that's what is happening by default. Yeah. So remember, you don't want to actually touch anything with the th. You want to keep it kind of distance. Can you find actually some of these words? You can use upper media or advanced. Read some of the ones that end in th. You said you feel comfortable with those, so find some of them that end in th and read those for me. Yeah, sure. Sight. Soothe. I think loathe is also okay. Breathe is also at the end. Yeah. So where's your tongue when you make those ones? Well, I'm. When I'm mindful, then I'm trying to keep my. So I don't want you to be mindful. I just need you to, well, be mindful, but be very demure. But more. More. Not really changing where you're putting it, just more noticing where you're putting it. So read them one more time. And I don't need you to change where you're putting it. Just notice, because I have a feeling that your tongue is shifting around from the beginning to the end. Okay, let's do that. Breathe. And. Okay. Do you want me to pronounce the ones? Read a few at the end. Just at the end. And maybe draw it out a little bit more, but only if it helps you realize where your tongue is. Sure. Okay. Breathe. Loathe. Scythe. Soothe. Yeah, so soothe all of those. Go ahead and tell me the results. I feel like for soothe, it was more like stop. Like, it's not rickety sheet. Yeah, I. I think that. So for the ones that you did well with. Yes. So, for example, breathe. I think that's okay. And where was your tongue? I think it was between the same question. Between the teeth. Okay. So you feel like naturally you're doing better when it's between the teeth? Yes. Okay. Now keep in mind, it's up to you which one you want. Sometimes people do it in between the teeth. Sometimes they do it just behind the teeth. It feels like it sounds like you have the tendency where when you try the just behind the tooth method that you're touching the tooth too much. It's turning into a stop that way. So the in between the tooth method is the better method. Okay. So that being said, I want you to just try voiceless th and voiced th. Just th in general, where you try this particular method. Make sure that you're not drawing your tongue back or touching anything at all. The one thing I did notice is that with some of these, it sounded like you weren't voicing your th very much. Okay. Is that something you noticed as well? So it's mostly at the end, whereas at the beginning where you were starting out, I could definitely hear the voicing. I'm wondering if the voicing is what's making it into a stop sound that happens sometimes. Uh huh. Yes. Yes, I think so too. Because the tendency right now is for me to drag it. Right. And whenever I'm doing it, then it's not being biased as much. Okay. Yeah, fair enough. All right, so practice voiceless th with the tongue between the tooth method. Switch it over to voiced th. You feel more comfortable with the ones at the end. Start with the ones at the end, practicing that, then whichever one you're next. Comfortable. So if you feel like the easy ranking is easiest at the end, then at the beginning, then the middle, go ahead and do that. They are sounding a lot better. They're definitely not sounding like D. I don't know if you remember or if you have any old recordings of when we first started, but it was like 90% just a. A D sound every time with a lot of these. So it's definitely sounding better. It's a step up. Yeah. I remember pronouncing healthy, you know, and then. Healthy. That's how it should be pronounced. Yeah. Different. Different switches around like that. I want to switch over to something that I actually think will help you with your sounds in general. Okay. But to do that, I want to do a reading. A nice, unsuspecting reading. Okay. You know, whenever I have meetings, sometimes when I say, I mean, I'm from Toronto, Canada, and then I speak for a while It's a new client. I mean, they're not a client yet. We're just talking prospect. Okay. And after a while, sometimes I have seen. Seen them mentioning that like your sound like they would comment on my accent. They would ask me like, your accent seems like it's from somewhere else. That has happened twice. At least I can remember twice. Where they just ask you where you're from. Yeah, I mean you can see it on my face, but they just want to hear it from my, from me. I mean, do they ever to guess or be like, hey, are you from wherever they'll ask? Okay, yeah, yeah. I have some students where they guess and it's almost never correct. So. All right. I want to do one of the breaking news ones. Actually, I changed my news my mind Good news hub. Just because these ones are nice and quick. So go ahead and click here and look at something that's interesting. Okay, let's see. Well, coughing and sneezing are most annoying behavior on trains. Interesting article. Let's read that. All right, so for the first paragraph, I just want you to read as normal. Okay. So level six, whatever is the best one. I think it's automatically the highest one when you click on it. Okay. All right. For the first paragraph, what do you want me to do? Just read it like normal. Okay. A recent study from the Japan Private Railway association reveals that that coughing and sneezing are the biggest annoyances on trains. A total of 5,314 train passengers responded to a JPRA survey on behavior and manners on trains and at stations. Coughing and sneezing without consideration for others top the list of passenger gripes. An Asian spokesman spokesperson attributed these two remaining effects of COVID 19. He said the coronavirus pandemic may have ingrained the importance of consideration for others as a norm. He added more people likely feel greater anxiety than before the pandemic when someone nearby cups or sneezes without wearing a mask. The JPI has been. Which paragraph? You're getting, getting ahead of yourself there. Calm down. Yeah. Okay, real quick, real quick. Tell me when you're reading or. Actually, you know what, just summarize, summarize the first article for me. What's happening? Well, it's, I mean, jpra, they have run a survey and to find out what's the most annoying behavior. And they figured out of 5,000 plus people. I mean, I mean they ran a survey with 5,000 plus people and it looks like coughing and sneezing is the most annoying behavior according to the survey. Which makes sense. Yeah, it Also, I mean, when they're trying to understand the reason, they feel it could be because of the influence that COVID 19 has on people in general. Do you feel like you agree with that part where coughing and sneezing is the most annoying thing? I didn't think in terms of it being the most annoying thing, but it's definitely one of the annoying things. Specifically when someone doesn't cover their face when they're coughing and sneezing. Yeah, fair enough. Fair enough. So I just want to ask, in general, when you're reading and speaking in general English, do you feel like you're paying attention to your pronunciation? Not like, are you paying attention to it, but are you specifically focusing and narrowing in on it? No. I mean, right now I was doing a little bit, but when I'm talking, I don't even have it on my mind. No, that's good. That's where we want to be because that's how we see actual progress. But as you're speaking, where do you feel. I'm trying to think of how to word exactly. Where do you feel your words are formed? What do you mean by that? It's only slightly a trick question. What part? What are you using to form your words? So specifically, what body part are you focusing on when you're focusing on pronunciation? When I'm focusing. Okay. Specifically the tongue, I'd say, yeah, the tongue is definitely helpful for a lot of them. I mean, I. I'm focusing in particular on any of, like. Like, no body part. But I. I mean, I'm just trying to remember how I'm supposed to pronounce that sound and just trying to do it. I'm not focusing on any, like, tongue or teeth or anything in particular. Just trying to remember or, you know, this is a. Some of them I know already, like, how to do it. Just trying to focus on that. That. Yeah. And then it's just happened. That's what I would say. Okay, so it's like variant from sound to sound. You're like, okay, with this one, my tongue has to be with my teeth. With this one, my lips with this one, like, for. Yeah, you can say that. But you know what? I'm not thinking that much. I just think, oh, this is E. This is how it should be pronounced here. Okay. Yeah. And then whatever needs to be done, it happens. I'm asking specifically because, of course, sounds are made in the mouth, so that's generally where the focus is. But have you ever heard the saying that when you sing, you should sing from your chest? Okay. Have you? No, I haven't. Okay, so I'm not a singer, and I'm not gonna have you sing so calm your anxiety. I'm not gonna have anyone sing in class. But the reason singers sing from their chest is it helps them control airflow, and it helps them focus specifically on general control of their body. So I'm actually going to send you something about voice placement. I would like you to watch this video, and we're going to talk about it next time. We're going to be breaking this down over the next few times and kind of focusing on it and talking about it. It's voice placement. And the general idea is that depending on which language is your first language, people usually speak from either the front of their mouth, the back area of their mouth, their throat, or their chest. A lot of languages are frontal, which means that specifically they move and they focus on the front of their mouth, whereas American English is from the chest. That's one of the reasons our sounds are so relaxed. That's one of the reasons we have schwa, because we speak from here. And even though it's the same movements, micro tensions, you know, the very subtle bit of tension that we make with our sounds, the very subtle movements are going to be slightly different. So you can have the same exact position and the same exact voicing. And it could be a fricative or a stop or voiced or voiceless or whatever. And the placement is going to make it slightly different. So I want you to watch the video and just tell me your thoughts on it for next time. But before then, actually, if you could reread just these three words for me. Coughing. Others say. How do you say this word? Coughing? So what's the difference between the two? Okay, that's interesting. How do you say this word? Coffee. Coffee. Like this? Yeah, same thing. Coughing. Like coffee. Okay, so the first word is going to be like coffee, like aw. Okay. Call coughing. Coughing. Okay. And the coughing. That's the cuf one. Coughing. Yeah, yeah. Coughing. Like cuffing or coughing season. Got it. Okay. Yeah. And then what was. What was the other one like? Okay, Coffee and coughing. No, no, no. The next word. Okay. Others. Okay, I'll try again. Others. Is it the same? No. What are we missing here? We can do it. It's double T here. Yeah. So what's the difference? So it's like a T sound, and there we are going to do a fricative th sound. All right. What would that fricative sound like in that word? I don't know. Okay, do you want to read it? One more time. Read it. Yes. Make sure it's fricative. I haven't heard it with fricative yet. Yes, you're right. You're right. Other. Yeah, it's difficult. Other. Yes. Okay. Do you think it's better? It's better. It's. It's definitely a forgative. Now, before other. If you go back and you listen to how you were reading it, it was completely like other. Complete stop sound. Okay. Other. So kind of circling back to, I think, with the voiced th. It's coming out as a stop in many times. And then how did you say the last word? I think you know how to say it, but just during the reading, you said it a little differently. So I want to double check. Say it. How is it said? Like this. It's like, you know that again, like why, where you have a G, a I, n, you shouldn't say again with the schwa. It's again, again, again. So it's again and it's said like said. Okay. Yeah. Don't trust it. I know it. It looks like it should be like this because it's literally the past tense, but it's not, because that would mean English would be reliable. So. But am I correct when I say it's like again, that. Like that. AI man. Again, like, you know how we are pronouncing it as e again and said. Yeah, it's the same short E sound in that. Yeah, yeah. So in the. In the middle part, just be careful the first part, because it's again with the schwa. Okay. Yeah. And I think that placement, which is this right here, is going to help with your tension in general, which will help with schwa, which again, is one of the bigger things that we're still working on here. So watch the video. Let me know what you think of it. And when did you say you're gonna be skipping classes? I didn't say anything yet. Thank you for asking. Because I do think that I need to take a week off or should we do that class in person? Well, let me know your travel plans and when or if you'd be skipping and all that, and I'll start to coordinate on this end. And if you do skip, that just means that you have extra time to look at placement, which is actually going to be very important. So watch it. Let me know if you have any questions. And we are going to start going into detail on this. I might also send you another video, but I'll probably wait until we go over this to send you the follow up. What do you mean Sorry, sorry, sorry. We'll go over it later. I might send you another video after this one, after we talk about it, but for right now, just watch this one. Watch this one. By that, what do you mean? What? Are you referring to the video that I sent you? Oh, that is. Okay. You sent me something. Okay. All right. Yeah. I always send beautiful things. So watch that video. We'll talk about it next time. All right? Yeah. And let me know. See you later. Yeah, see you later. Thank you. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: How are you doing?

Speaker B: I'm good. I just have someone who is definitely not jealous at all. She just happens to be here.

Speaker A: Yeah. So it looks like you have made some friends.

Speaker B: Ah, she thinks so. For sure. But then I try to pet her.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And if I pet her too much, then she bites me, so I don't know about you, but that's generally not how I treat my friends. I don't know. Maybe I. I'm doing it wrong. We'll see. All right. How are you today?

Speaker A: Good. Yeah. You have cats all around you. I can see three right now.

Speaker B: Yeah. For some reason, when you volunteer at a cat shelter, there's a lot of cats. It's really weird.

Speaker A: Wow.

Speaker B: But, yeah, there's. There's a ton here because I'm literally at. Literally living in a shelter.

Speaker A: So you're living with them? They're letting you live with them?

Speaker B: Yeah, they are. They're definitely. They're the ones in charge.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And I know that because if I tried to pick her up and get her off my computer, then she will bite me. Won't you? You literally. I don't know if you saw. She just did. I'll hopefully still have all my fingers by the time I leave, but we'll. I not holding my breath on it. All right. For today, though, I want to go ahead and head and jump into it, because I actually have a couple things that I want to go over. So did you get a chance to go over the minimal pairs?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: All right. What did you think of those?

Speaker A: Well, before I tell you about that, I was looking at the material section, and it seems like we have covered a lot of the things that are on there. Am I right? I mean, or am I just.

Speaker B: We've covered a decent chunk. Let me peek here. Yeah. We've gone over all the short vowels. I'd like to circle back to the long vowels at some point, but I don't think those are really a priority, especially since the thing we're going over today, I want to talk about before revisiting vowels in general. Let's see a decent amount of the consonants. I think going over fricatives in general would be very helpful for you. So we've only gone over voiced and voiceless th. But there's a lot of other fricative consonants I want to go over. Okay. I want to talk about aspiration. So that would be stop consonants. But we already touched on that.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, we've talked about a decent number. There's definitely some things I'd still like to get to, but we have covered a good bite of the materials.

Speaker A: That gives me some hope. Because now, I mean, we have been going over a lot of things, but really it's not. I think I haven't internalized many of those. So probably if we are done with most of the things, that will give me. Give us a chance to go back to them and actually practice.

Speaker B: Yeah, definitely. If there's a thing in particular you want to review, go ahead and let me know. Were you thinking of anything?

Speaker A: Nah, I'm just saying I don't know what will be good for me, so probably we'll know better.

Speaker B: I'll ask the cats. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Before we do anything, I do want to go over the things that we are working on currently, though right now, I think th is definitely one of the more challenging sounds in English in general for basically anyone. Even for little baby English speakers. We don't like this sound either. Okay, so what were you saying about the minimal pairs?

Speaker A: It makes sense. That's all I can say. I was trying to. I was. I was listening. I was trying to pronounce them myself and then listening to the audio and then pronounce again. I don't know. I felt like I was doing okay. But maybe you can listen to me reading a few of those.

Speaker B: Yeah, let's go back to them. Before I listen, though, I want to ask, so. So D is a stop consonant. What does that mean?

Speaker A: D is a stop consonant. What that means, like say stop sound. One of those. The T, D, P, B, and all those things that you read before. So, okay, what that means. I forgot what that means.

Speaker B: So that means that you stop the air. So when you make the defend, what do you do with your tongue?

Speaker A: Like the tip of the tongue, it kind of touches the top and then that stops the airflow.

Speaker B: It doesn't kind of. It definitely. It ends up there for sure.

Speaker A: Definitely. Does it? Okay. And then I release the ear. So that's the second part.

Speaker B: Yeah, you take it prisoner. You release it. Same with T. So T, T, T, D, same thing. You stop, you release. This English has quite a few of these. For example, P and B. Only this is with the lips, obviously. B, K and G. It's with the back of the tongue. So it's like. And then G. So we have quite a few of these. And my think the thing that I've noticed with your th is that it seems like it's shifting into a stop consonant rather than a fricative, which A fricative, of course, is the opposite. Where. What do you do with the air instead of stopping it.

Speaker A: Sorry, one more time. The last thing.

Speaker B: So stop constants. You stop the air and then you release it. What do you do with the fricative?

Speaker A: Fricative. You just let the air flow. You should be able to drag it for a very long time.

Speaker B: Yes. And you could feel the movement with the stop constant because you have the multiple steps. You have to stop the air, hold the air, release the air. You know, lots of air things. But with the fricative sense, it's flowing. It should not be moving at all.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: And what I'm kind of feeling. And I think last time we talked about it, you kind of noticed this as well, that your th is moving. It's trying to shift around a little bit, which is kind of stop. Consonant behavior. So if it's interrupting the airflow, that's. And that's what I'm hearing. That's the issue here. So were you able to notice that during the stop consonants and kind of comparing directly to when you're supposed to be stopping the air versus when?

Speaker A: Well, yes. So you asked me to notice whether it's also dependent on the position of the th required in the world.

Speaker B: Yeah. Whether it's easier or more difficult. Yeah.

Speaker A: Now, I didn't. Okay, so here's what I observed. I observed, in some cases, it's easier for me to do the fricative sound, but in some cases it's more. It has to be more brief. And in that case, it doesn't feel like it's a fricative.

Speaker B: Which part did you say that was?

Speaker A: And that's something that I didn't clearly observe, I'd say, but feels like most of the time it's inside the word. When it's in the end, then I can easily do it. The fricative sound. I'm not sure about the beginning, though. Beginning is probably also. Okay. We can probably give it a try, but I think it's especially difficult when it's in the middle.

Speaker B: Okay, let's go ahead and peek at that then. Which. Which group of the pairs did you read?

Speaker A: I read all of them.

Speaker B: All of them. Fancy.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'm a good.

Speaker B: All right, Pick one. We'll go through together.

Speaker A: Let's go for the upper, intermediate, upper inter.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. Not quite advanced, but we're getting there. All right, I want you to read these and. Yeah, just. Just read them like normal at first. I'm not gonna have you draw them out or anything for now.

Speaker A: Okay. Breed, breathe, dare. There do. Though I think I'm also having some difficulty when it's in the beginning. Die thy load. Lo side. Is it not sky?

Speaker B: It's scythe.

Speaker A: Scythe. Okay, so we don't pronounce the C. Sud. Sud.

Speaker B: What's the first one?

Speaker A: Sud.

Speaker B: Sued.

Speaker A: Sued.

Speaker B: Yeah, so it's not sued. It's sued. Like. Like the name. Sue.

Speaker A: Sue. Okay. And what did I do? I did sh.

Speaker B: You. You did it more like double O.

Speaker A: Sued. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. So open your mouth a little bit more. A little bit more air. A little bit more lips going forward. So it's su. Su.

Speaker A: Okay. Sue. Sued. Suede. Other. Other. Yeah.

Speaker B: What was that last one?

Speaker A: Other. Other.

Speaker B: Nice. All right, so you were saying that you do feel as if the beginning is a little off, I think.

Speaker A: So.

Speaker B: Where are you placing your tongue?

Speaker A: Let's try there. Oh, I see what's happening. It's like. It's right. It's touching the behind, like, back of the teeth. Upper teeth.

Speaker B: Okay, so it's actually touching the teeth.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's what is happening by default.

Speaker B: Yeah. So remember, you don't want to actually touch anything with the th. You want to keep it kind of distance. Can you find actually some of these words? You can use upper media or advanced. Read some of the ones that end in th. You said you feel comfortable with those, so find some of them that end in th and read those for me.

Speaker A: Yeah, sure. Sight. Soothe. I think loathe is also okay. Breathe is also at the end. Yeah.

Speaker B: So where's your tongue when you make those ones?

Speaker A: Well, I'm. When I'm mindful, then I'm trying to keep my.

Speaker B: So I don't want you to be mindful. I just need you to, well, be mindful, but be very demure. But more. More. Not really changing where you're putting it, just more noticing where you're putting it. So read them one more time. And I don't need you to change where you're putting it. Just notice, because I have a feeling that your tongue is shifting around from the beginning to the end.

Speaker A: Okay, let's do that. Breathe. And. Okay. Do you want me to pronounce the ones?

Speaker B: Read a few at the end. Just at the end. And maybe draw it out a little bit more, but only if it helps you realize where your tongue is.

Speaker A: Sure. Okay. Breathe. Loathe. Scythe. Soothe.

Speaker B: Yeah, so soothe all of those. Go ahead and tell me the results.

Speaker A: I feel like for soothe, it was more like stop. Like, it's not rickety sheet. Yeah, I. I think that.

Speaker B: So for the ones that you did well with.

Speaker A: Yes. So, for example, breathe. I think that's okay.

Speaker B: And where was your tongue?

Speaker A: I think it was between the same question. Between the teeth.

Speaker B: Okay. So you feel like naturally you're doing better when it's between the teeth?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Okay. Now keep in mind, it's up to you which one you want. Sometimes people do it in between the teeth. Sometimes they do it just behind the teeth. It feels like it sounds like you have the tendency where when you try the just behind the tooth method that you're touching the tooth too much. It's turning into a stop that way. So the in between the tooth method is the better method.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So that being said, I want you to just try voiceless th and voiced th. Just th in general, where you try this particular method. Make sure that you're not drawing your tongue back or touching anything at all. The one thing I did notice is that with some of these, it sounded like you weren't voicing your th very much.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Is that something you noticed as well? So it's mostly at the end, whereas at the beginning where you were starting out, I could definitely hear the voicing. I'm wondering if the voicing is what's making it into a stop sound that happens sometimes.

Speaker A: Uh huh. Yes. Yes, I think so too. Because the tendency right now is for me to drag it. Right. And whenever I'm doing it, then it's not being biased as much.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, fair enough. All right, so practice voiceless th with the tongue between the tooth method. Switch it over to voiced th. You feel more comfortable with the ones at the end. Start with the ones at the end, practicing that, then whichever one you're next. Comfortable. So if you feel like the easy ranking is easiest at the end, then at the beginning, then the middle, go ahead and do that. They are sounding a lot better. They're definitely not sounding like D. I don't know if you remember or if you have any old recordings of when we first started, but it was like 90% just a. A D sound every time with a lot of these. So it's definitely sounding better. It's a step up.

Speaker A: Yeah. I remember pronouncing healthy, you know, and then. Healthy. That's how it should be pronounced.

Speaker B: Yeah. Different. Different switches around like that. I want to switch over to something that I actually think will help you with your sounds in general.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: But to do that, I want to do a reading. A nice, unsuspecting reading.

Speaker A: Okay. You know, whenever I have meetings, sometimes when I say, I mean, I'm from Toronto, Canada, and then I speak for a while It's a new client. I mean, they're not a client yet. We're just talking prospect. Okay. And after a while, sometimes I have seen. Seen them mentioning that like your sound like they would comment on my accent. They would ask me like, your accent seems like it's from somewhere else. That has happened twice. At least I can remember twice.

Speaker B: Where they just ask you where you're from.

Speaker A: Yeah, I mean you can see it on my face, but they just want to hear it from my, from me.

Speaker B: I mean, do they ever to guess or be like, hey, are you from wherever they'll ask? Okay, yeah, yeah. I have some students where they guess and it's almost never correct. So. All right. I want to do one of the breaking news ones. Actually, I changed my news my mind Good news hub. Just because these ones are nice and quick. So go ahead and click here and look at something that's interesting.

Speaker A: Okay, let's see. Well, coughing and sneezing are most annoying behavior on trains. Interesting article. Let's read that.

Speaker B: All right, so for the first paragraph, I just want you to read as normal.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So level six, whatever is the best one. I think it's automatically the highest one when you click on it.

Speaker A: Okay. All right. For the first paragraph, what do you want me to do?

Speaker B: Just read it like normal.

Speaker A: Okay. A recent study from the Japan Private Railway association reveals that that coughing and sneezing are the biggest annoyances on trains. A total of 5,314 train passengers responded to a JPRA survey on behavior and manners on trains and at stations. Coughing and sneezing without consideration for others top the list of passenger gripes. An Asian spokesman spokesperson attributed these two remaining effects of COVID 19. He said the coronavirus pandemic may have ingrained the importance of consideration for others as a norm. He added more people likely feel greater anxiety than before the pandemic when someone nearby cups or sneezes without wearing a mask. The JPI has been.

Speaker B: Which paragraph? You're getting, getting ahead of yourself there. Calm down.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, real quick, real quick. Tell me when you're reading or. Actually, you know what, just summarize, summarize the first article for me. What's happening?

Speaker A: Well, it's, I mean, jpra, they have run a survey and to find out what's the most annoying behavior. And they figured out of 5,000 plus people. I mean, I mean they ran a survey with 5,000 plus people and it looks like coughing and sneezing is the most annoying behavior according to the survey.

Speaker B: Which makes sense.

Speaker A: Yeah, it Also, I mean, when they're trying to understand the reason, they feel it could be because of the influence that COVID 19 has on people in general.

Speaker B: Do you feel like you agree with that part where coughing and sneezing is the most annoying thing?

Speaker A: I didn't think in terms of it being the most annoying thing, but it's definitely one of the annoying things. Specifically when someone doesn't cover their face when they're coughing and sneezing.

Speaker B: Yeah, fair enough. Fair enough. So I just want to ask, in general, when you're reading and speaking in general English, do you feel like you're paying attention to your pronunciation? Not like, are you paying attention to it, but are you specifically focusing and narrowing in on it?

Speaker A: No. I mean, right now I was doing a little bit, but when I'm talking, I don't even have it on my mind.

Speaker B: No, that's good. That's where we want to be because that's how we see actual progress. But as you're speaking, where do you feel. I'm trying to think of how to word exactly. Where do you feel your words are formed?

Speaker A: What do you mean by that?

Speaker B: It's only slightly a trick question. What part? What are you using to form your words? So specifically, what body part are you focusing on when you're focusing on pronunciation?

Speaker A: When I'm focusing. Okay. Specifically the tongue, I'd say, yeah, the

Speaker B: tongue is definitely helpful for a lot of them.

Speaker A: I mean, I. I'm focusing in particular on any of, like. Like, no body part. But I. I mean, I'm just trying to remember how I'm supposed to pronounce that sound and just trying to do it. I'm not focusing on any, like, tongue or teeth or anything in particular. Just trying to remember or, you know, this is a. Some of them I know already, like, how to do it. Just trying to focus on that. That.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And then it's just happened. That's what I would say.

Speaker B: Okay, so it's like variant from sound to sound. You're like, okay, with this one, my tongue has to be with my teeth. With this one, my lips with this one, like, for.

Speaker A: Yeah, you can say that. But you know what? I'm not thinking that much. I just think, oh, this is E. This is how it should be pronounced here.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then whatever needs to be done, it happens.

Speaker B: I'm asking specifically because, of course, sounds are made in the mouth, so that's generally where the focus is. But have you ever heard the saying that when you sing, you should sing from your chest?

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Have you?

Speaker A: No, I haven't.

Speaker B: Okay, so I'm not a singer, and I'm not gonna have you sing so calm your anxiety. I'm not gonna have anyone sing in class. But the reason singers sing from their chest is it helps them control airflow, and it helps them focus specifically on general control of their body. So I'm actually going to send you something about voice placement. I would like you to watch this video, and we're going to talk about it next time. We're going to be breaking this down over the next few times and kind of focusing on it and talking about it. It's voice placement. And the general idea is that depending on which language is your first language, people usually speak from either the front of their mouth, the back area of their mouth, their throat, or their chest. A lot of languages are frontal, which means that specifically they move and they focus on the front of their mouth, whereas American English is from the chest. That's one of the reasons our sounds are so relaxed. That's one of the reasons we have schwa, because we speak from here. And even though it's the same movements, micro tensions, you know, the very subtle bit of tension that we make with our sounds, the very subtle movements are going to be slightly different. So you can have the same exact position and the same exact voicing. And it could be a fricative or a stop or voiced or voiceless or whatever. And the placement is going to make it slightly different. So I want you to watch the video and just tell me your thoughts on it for next time. But before then, actually, if you could reread just these three words for me.

Speaker A: Coughing. Others say.

Speaker B: How do you say this word?

Speaker A: Coughing?

Speaker B: So what's the difference between the two?

Speaker A: Okay, that's interesting.

Speaker B: How do you say this word?

Speaker A: Coffee.

Speaker B: Coffee. Like this?

Speaker A: Yeah, same thing.

Speaker B: Coughing.

Speaker A: Like coffee. Okay, so the first word is going to be like coffee, like aw. Okay.

Speaker B: Call coughing.

Speaker A: Coughing. Okay. And the coughing. That's the cuf one. Coughing.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Coughing. Like cuffing or coughing season.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. And then what was. What was the other one like?

Speaker A: Okay, Coffee and coughing.

Speaker B: No, no, no. The next word.

Speaker A: Okay. Others. Okay, I'll try again. Others.

Speaker B: Is it the same?

Speaker A: No.

Speaker B: What are we missing here? We can do it.

Speaker A: It's double T here.

Speaker B: Yeah. So what's the difference?

Speaker A: So it's like a T sound, and there we are going to do a fricative th sound.

Speaker B: All right. What would that fricative sound like in that word?

Speaker A: I don't know. Okay, do you want to read it? One more time.

Speaker B: Read it. Yes. Make sure it's fricative. I haven't heard it with fricative yet.

Speaker A: Yes, you're right. You're right. Other. Yeah, it's difficult. Other.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay. Do you think it's better?

Speaker B: It's better. It's. It's definitely a forgative. Now, before other. If you go back and you listen to how you were reading it, it was completely like other. Complete stop sound. Okay.

Speaker A: Other.

Speaker B: So kind of circling back to, I think, with the voiced th. It's coming out as a stop in many times. And then how did you say the last word? I think you know how to say it, but just during the reading, you said it a little differently. So I want to double check.

Speaker A: Say it.

Speaker B: How is it said? Like this.

Speaker A: It's like, you know that again, like why, where you have a G, a

Speaker B: I, n, you shouldn't say again with the schwa. It's again, again,

Speaker A: again.

Speaker B: So it's again and it's said like said.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. Don't trust it. I know it. It looks like it should be like this because it's literally the past tense, but it's not, because that would mean English would be reliable. So.

Speaker A: But am I correct when I say it's like again, that. Like that. AI man. Again, like, you know how we are

Speaker B: pronouncing it as e again and said. Yeah, it's the same short E sound in that.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: So in the. In the middle part, just be careful the first part, because it's again with the schwa.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. And I think that placement, which is this right here, is going to help with your tension in general, which will help with schwa, which again, is one of the bigger things that we're still working on here. So watch the video. Let me know what you think of it. And when did you say you're gonna be skipping classes?

Speaker A: I didn't say anything yet. Thank you for asking. Because I do think that I need to take a week off or should we do that class in person?

Speaker B: Well, let me know your travel plans and when or if you'd be skipping and all that, and I'll start to coordinate on this end. And if you do skip, that just means that you have extra time to look at placement, which is actually going to be very important. So watch it. Let me know if you have any questions. And we are going to start going into detail on this. I might also send you another video, but I'll probably wait until we go over this to send you the follow up.

Speaker A: What do you mean Sorry, sorry, sorry.

Speaker B: We'll go over it later. I might send you another video after this one, after we talk about it, but for right now, just watch this one.

Speaker A: Watch this one. By that, what do you mean? What?

Speaker B: Are you referring to the video that I sent you?

Speaker A: Oh, that is. Okay. You sent me something. Okay.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: I always send beautiful things. So watch that video. We'll talk about it next time.

Speaker A: All right? Yeah.

Speaker B: And let me know. See you later.

Speaker A: Yeah, see you later. Thank you. Bye now.

