Transcript for: Recording__1257.mp4
Title: Recording #1257
============================================================

That you just expressed is Buy Box, right? If we price it higher than other platforms, then we end up using Buy Box and we cannot advertise and scale. So in, in that, that's where I haven't, I haven't worked on other platforms as a whole. But what we can do is we cannot definitely sell exactly the same product at a higher price on Amazon. Let's say you have at least it at Walmart and then we are trying to sell at higher price. We cannot do that. Right. So we have to come up, come up with some sort of strategy, a different kind of offer. For example, let's say we are, you have, you have a treat like a treat for dogs. And now let's say in retail you are selling pack up one at $7. And now on Amazon we are like if selling a pack of one will definitely not be profitable. No. So now let's say if we want to bundle and then create a bundle of pack of four, we selling at $28 may make sense. But if it doesn't, let's say we need to increase the price to $30. Right. So in that case, things that I have experimented with before is instead of just saying it's a pack of four, create a sku, maybe a packaging so that it looks like a different UPC or product altogether. So that may prevent Amazon from detecting that this is not available anywhere else and this is overall a different product. So things like these. Yeah, I know, I'm. I just wanted to see. Or you can do a variety pack. Yeah, yeah, that's, that's true. Also like. Or you can work with different sizes so that it becomes harder for the algorithm of Amazon to comp. So we could have, they could have a size on Amazon that is not available in other retail channels. So let me, I mean there's ways to this. I just wanted to understand that Phase one, which is portfolio optimization on Amazon. So that's one piece of work that you do. So imagine and you usually work who, how many people are in your organization? Is it you primarily that does this work? No, we are right now for full time, one part time. So four and a half people. And then primarily three of us do the client related work, the work that are directly related to Amazon. And then there are, there's one full time person who is a data analyst and another person who is a data scientist. So he, he's a part time, working part time with us and he helps us develop some of the systems that we use internally, some smart systems that we use. Okay, do you help with a content creation. So we don't do graphic design. What we do is we have the, when it comes to product SEO copy, we do the research, the audience research, try to understand the use cases, what they like and dislike about the available options in the market. And based on that, we first develop a positioning strategy. But I believe you may have one of those internally already. So we need to take into, take that into consideration. But we will still do this research. And with that we write the copy for the text, the title and the bullet points and descriptions, the backend optimization, do SEO on that. Along with that we can create a design brief for the images and the A plus copy. But we don't do the graphic design. Yeah, we have, we have graphic design and we do. I mean I, you can see us, we are already on Amazon, but it's. I don't know who sells these products. Are we selling it or is someone else selling it? Okay, but ultimately, Soham, you're not going to be working with me. I'm going to pass you on to the team. I just want to make sure that. I understand the scope of services that you provide and the fee structure so that I understand correctly. Scope 1 is the right products, right format, right pricing, the economic model or whatever was you called it. That's step one, correct? That's right. Then you gotta make sure that we have the right content. A content. We will do the work, but make sure the store is optimized. That's step two. And then step three, you execute against advertising and whatever promotional activities to increase sales, correct? That's right. And then there is a maintenance part on the back end to make sure that dealing with Amazon issues with Amazon, with 3PL, with 3P, with shipments, with labeling, whatever, many things that can go wrong, you may or may not be able to offer us help. But that's another background work. That's right. Did I miss anything? No, that's very clear. Okay, so if that is the. And then how do you. What is your fee structure? Oh, it really depends. So I first. What I first propose is let me review the product portfolio and the scope of work, how we have been doing so far and what are the things we need to do. So I really need to take a look at your brand and products a little bit closely so that I can come up with a. Give you a quotation. Okay, that's fine. We have a cookie pal store on Amazon. You can go to. Have you Amazon.com and do you work in the US or just Canada? What's your I have worked in three marketplaces. Amazon Canada com and UK. And you can, so you can see our storefront. I think it's Amazon.com store cookiepie. Yeah, I'm on the Canadian one right now, but let me look for the Canadian one. I mean it's going to be both of them. And we, we really want to build this up and use it as it's actually A plus content that's already there. Okay, that's awesome. So and we sell them as multi packs so we're selling them as full cases as you can see. Like a full master case I think. Right. How many is that? So let's see here. As a three pack. Very smart. As a three pack for 2697. Yeah. In the U.S. so that makes that we, that that's how we've made the economic model work for us. That's great. By doing the three pack, I also, I also see one product that is being sold by Whole Foods Market. So is this brand already at Whole Foods? Yes. Okay, that's great. Okay, So in that case, would you want to also advertise these listings that are at Whole Foods? Yes. Okay. Whole Foods is owned by Amazon. Yes. So I don't know if you have familiarity with, with that, but I think it would be if. I don't know. I have no idea if there is. Yeah, I have some familiarity with that. Not too much. I'll admit that I have worked with one particular brand, I have advertised it for them. But there are some challenges when it comes to updating the product based content. Okay. Again I'm going to go to the. Fee model that you work with. You don't have to give me a price, but do you work on a percentage or a base fee or a base plus? What is the model? Right. Okay. So it's generally a hybrid model that I offer for the product page as you copy. That's a one time, there's a one time fee and that depends on whether I'm just doing the SEO copy and the back end content or if I'm also doing the brief, the design brief for the listing images and the A and for advertising management. And also if you need some operational help for that, I do a hybrid model. There will be a fixed fee, a retainer and then a commission. So I think we've got the A content in place and I think we have a marketing team that does that relatively. Okay. I think what we need is optimization and increasing sales. But, but I think you still need to look at the P and L and See how much room we have to invest in this brand. That's true. Do we also have the. The right pack format? So these are three packs. Is there another way to other formats we can put in there that would be. That would generate more revenue? Usually variety packs do well in the food snacking world, so I don't know. That's definitely it. Yes, that's right. Why they're not doing it here. And by the way, I want to mention something that I'm noticing right now. I feel like there may be a reseller issue for some of the products on Amazon looking at the US listings right now. So. Yeah, that's another major one. Yeah, we have to manage. That's a part of managing resellers as well. So we have to do that. Okay. So do you usually work with the sales side of the organization or the marketing side of the organization? Marketing, yeah. Which team is leading the Amazon segment? Well, I think marketing would be the right segment right now. Marketing has built everything and controls price. So I think marketing can keep. Can keep going with that. So do you have. I just use your website as a way to introduce you to that. So sorry, so what was the question? You want me to send you something? I don't know. I can just use your website if you want or if you have a ready to go PowerPoint deck, I can send them to. I can send it to the people there and they can directly connect with you. Sure. That's the best way to kind of introduce you to that. Definitely. I will send you my deck. I have one. And yeah. So in terms of the next steps, do you think it would be to talk to someone from the marketing team? Yes, I think you got to talk to someone in marketing. And ultimately we need to need to increase sales for these products. So we need to. As I said, I think I'm actually impressed because I think we have a lot of the stuff in place. They have the foundational stuff in place. You're not creating something from scratch. So. And we have sales already. So you're having. This is an optimization exercise versus a build exercise. So I hope you can be aggressive in your pricing because you're coming in and then we. It's both Canada and the US of course. Yes, I will. Here's what I will do. I'll send you my page stick so that you can forward it to the marketing team and before you connect again, I will review your products and look at their conditions, the content and everything so that I can understand the need and if it is mostly just advertising and improving and optimizing. Then you can just skip the one time fee, the setup fee. Instead you can just go ahead with the retainer plus the commission model. Okay, that would be best. Okay. Okay, so send it to me. I'll introduce you to Alex and Alex. There are two Alex's there, Alex Motley heads up marketing and Alex Kakish is the president. So I will just make the introduction and then you can set up a time with Alex Motley ideally. Okay. And go from there. Sounds good. Okay, awesome. And before you go, how do you pronounce your name? Nima. Nima. Okay. Pretty straightforward then. Yes. Yes, yes, yes. Nice to meet you. I hope you enjoy the rest of your vacation. Thank you very much. Nice to meet you as well. Take care. Yeah, nice to meet you. Take care. Bye now. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: That you just expressed is Buy Box, right? If we price it higher than other platforms, then we end up using Buy Box and we cannot advertise and scale. So in, in that, that's where I haven't, I haven't worked on other platforms as a whole. But what we can do is we cannot definitely sell exactly the same product at a higher price on Amazon. Let's say you have at least it at Walmart and then we are trying to sell at higher price. We cannot do that. Right. So we have to come up, come up with some sort of strategy, a different kind of offer. For example, let's say we are, you have, you have a treat like a treat for dogs. And now let's say in retail you are selling pack up one at $7. And now on Amazon we are like if selling a pack of one will definitely not be profitable.

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: So now let's say if we want to bundle and then create a bundle of pack of four, we selling at $28 may make sense. But if it doesn't, let's say we need to increase the price to $30. Right. So in that case, things that I have experimented with before is instead of just saying it's a pack of four, create a sku, maybe a packaging so that it looks like a different UPC or product altogether. So that may prevent Amazon from detecting that this is not available anywhere else and this is overall a different product. So things like these.

Speaker B: Yeah, I know, I'm. I just wanted to see. Or you can do a variety pack.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, that's, that's true.

Speaker B: Also like. Or you can work with different sizes so that it becomes harder for the algorithm of Amazon to comp. So we could have, they could have a size on Amazon that is not available in other retail channels. So let me, I mean there's ways to this. I just wanted to understand that Phase one, which is portfolio optimization on Amazon. So that's one piece of work that you do. So imagine and you usually work who, how many people are in your organization? Is it you primarily that does this work?

Speaker A: No, we are right now for full time, one part time. So four and a half people. And then primarily three of us do the client related work, the work that are directly related to Amazon. And then there are, there's one full time person who is a data analyst and another person who is a data scientist. So he, he's a part time, working part time with us and he helps us develop some of the systems that we use internally, some smart systems that we use.

Speaker B: Okay, do you help with a content creation.

Speaker A: So we don't do graphic design. What we do is we have the, when it comes to product SEO copy, we do the research, the audience research, try to understand the use cases, what they like and dislike about the available options in the market. And based on that, we first develop a positioning strategy. But I believe you may have one of those internally already. So we need to take into, take that into consideration. But we will still do this research. And with that we write the copy for the text, the title and the bullet points and descriptions, the backend optimization, do SEO on that. Along with that we can create a design brief for the images and the A plus copy. But we don't do the graphic design.

Speaker B: Yeah, we have, we have graphic design and we do. I mean I, you can see us, we are already on Amazon, but it's. I don't know who sells these products. Are we selling it or is someone else selling it? Okay, but ultimately, Soham, you're not going to be working with me. I'm going to pass you on to the team. I just want to make sure that. I understand the scope of services that you provide and the fee structure so that I understand correctly. Scope 1 is the right products, right format, right pricing, the economic model or whatever was you called it. That's step one, correct?

Speaker A: That's right.

Speaker B: Then you gotta make sure that we have the right content. A content. We will do the work, but make sure the store is optimized. That's step two. And then step three, you execute against advertising and whatever promotional activities to increase sales, correct?

Speaker A: That's right.

Speaker B: And then there is a maintenance part on the back end to make sure that dealing with Amazon issues with Amazon, with 3PL, with 3P, with shipments, with labeling, whatever, many things that can go wrong, you may or may not be able to offer us help. But that's another background work.

Speaker A: That's right.

Speaker B: Did I miss anything?

Speaker A: No, that's very clear.

Speaker B: Okay, so if that is the. And then how do you. What is your fee structure?

Speaker A: Oh, it really depends. So I first. What I first propose is let me review the product portfolio and the scope of work, how we have been doing so far and what are the things we need to do. So I really need to take a look at your brand and products a little bit closely so that I can come up with a. Give you a quotation.

Speaker B: Okay, that's fine. We have a cookie pal store on Amazon. You can go to. Have you Amazon.com and do you work in the US or just Canada?

Speaker A: What's your I have worked in three marketplaces. Amazon Canada com and UK.

Speaker B: And you can, so you can see our storefront. I think it's Amazon.com store cookiepie.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'm on the Canadian one right now, but let me look for the Canadian one.

Speaker B: I mean it's going to be both of them. And we, we really want to build this up and use it as it's actually A plus content that's already there.

Speaker A: Okay, that's awesome.

Speaker B: So and we sell them as multi packs so we're selling them as full cases as you can see. Like a full master case I think.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: How many is that? So let's see here. As a three pack. Very smart. As a three pack for 2697.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: In the U.S. so that makes that we, that that's how we've made the economic model work for us.

Speaker A: That's great.

Speaker B: By doing the three pack,

Speaker A: I also, I also see one product that is being sold by Whole Foods Market. So is this brand already at Whole Foods?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay, that's great. Okay, So in that case, would you want to also advertise these listings that are at Whole Foods?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Whole Foods is owned by Amazon.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: So I don't know if you have familiarity with, with that, but I think it would be if. I don't know. I have no idea if there is.

Speaker A: Yeah, I have some familiarity with that. Not too much. I'll admit that I have worked with one particular brand, I have advertised it for them. But there are some challenges when it comes to updating the product based content.

Speaker B: Okay. Again I'm going to go to the. Fee model that you work with. You don't have to give me a price, but do you work on a percentage or a base fee or a base plus? What is the model?

Speaker A: Right. Okay. So it's generally a hybrid model that I offer for the product page as you copy. That's a one time, there's a one time fee and that depends on whether I'm just doing the SEO copy and the back end content or if I'm also doing the brief, the design brief for the listing images and the A and for advertising management. And also if you need some operational help for that, I do a hybrid model. There will be a fixed fee, a retainer and then a commission.

Speaker B: So I think we've got the A content in place and I think we have a marketing team that does that relatively. Okay. I think what we need is optimization and increasing sales. But, but I think you still need to look at the P and L and See how much room we have to invest in this brand.

Speaker A: That's true.

Speaker B: Do we also have the. The right pack format? So these are three packs. Is there another way to other formats we can put in there that would be. That would generate more revenue? Usually variety packs do well in the food snacking world, so I don't know.

Speaker A: That's definitely it. Yes, that's right.

Speaker B: Why they're not doing it here.

Speaker A: And by the way, I want to mention something that I'm noticing right now. I feel like there may be a reseller issue for some of the products on Amazon looking at the US listings right now. So. Yeah, that's another major one.

Speaker B: Yeah, we have to manage. That's a part of managing resellers as well. So we have to do that.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So do you usually work with the sales side of the organization or the marketing side of the organization?

Speaker A: Marketing, yeah. Which team is leading the Amazon segment?

Speaker B: Well, I think marketing would be the right segment right now. Marketing has built everything and controls price. So I think marketing can keep. Can keep going with that. So do you have. I just use your website as a way to introduce you to that.

Speaker A: So sorry, so what was the question? You want me to send you something?

Speaker B: I don't know. I can just use your website if you want or if you have a ready to go PowerPoint deck, I can send them to. I can send it to the people there and they can directly connect with you.

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker B: That's the best way to kind of introduce you to that.

Speaker A: Definitely. I will send you my deck. I have one. And yeah. So in terms of the next steps, do you think it would be to talk to someone from the marketing team?

Speaker B: Yes, I think you got to talk to someone in marketing. And ultimately we need to need to increase sales for these products. So we need to. As I said, I think I'm actually impressed because I think we have a lot of the stuff in place. They have the foundational stuff in place. You're not creating something from scratch. So. And we have sales already. So you're having. This is an optimization exercise versus a build exercise. So I hope you can be aggressive in your pricing because you're coming in and then we. It's both Canada and the US of course.

Speaker A: Yes, I will. Here's what I will do. I'll send you my page stick so that you can forward it to the marketing team and before you connect again, I will review your products and look at their conditions, the content and everything so that I can understand the need and if it is mostly just advertising and improving and optimizing. Then you can just skip the one time fee, the setup fee. Instead you can just go ahead with the retainer plus the commission model.

Speaker B: Okay, that would be best. Okay. Okay, so send it to me. I'll introduce you to Alex and Alex. There are two Alex's there, Alex Motley heads up marketing and Alex Kakish is the president. So I will just make the introduction and then you can set up a time with Alex Motley ideally.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And go from there.

Speaker A: Sounds good. Okay, awesome. And before you go, how do you pronounce your name?

Speaker B: Nima. Nima.

Speaker A: Okay. Pretty straightforward then.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Yes, yes, yes. Nice to meet you. I hope you enjoy the rest of your vacation.

Speaker B: Thank you very much. Nice to meet you as well.

Speaker A: Take care. Yeah, nice to meet you. Take care. Bye now.

Speaker B: Bye.

