Transcript for: Recording__950.mp4
Title: Recording #950
============================================================

I'm just going to be basically my brain turns off around 6pm so Monday night the I'm just going to be a zombie on the plane. So I think there's two things to do in this call. One is walk me through and let's talk through like your assessment of three farmers because I'll show you the PowerPoint and I'll copy it into the PowerPoint because I have like 16 hours of working with the CEO and, and there's a whole section on E Comm. Okay. So there's like a whole two, three hours on E Comm. So I want to in this call get a copy paste to put in the deck. So I'll show you that a bit. Just make sure I can share my screen. And then the second thing is I'll show. So then new topic is I'll show you the Amazon research results for my brand. I kind of messed up with the hot chocolate but it's a good learning, right? That's why I am still kind of learning. I didn't change the insight and you can see that in the results. So I'm going to do another one just for hot chocolate for like $60. But I wouldn't mind, I'm going to share you that and I wouldn't mind if you started thinking about the actual listings like what should we put the keywords and all that. I'm going to try to connect with Matt because he's supposed to be doing my Amazon but he's gone missing again. Last year he went missing for six months. So like I need, like I'm not going to know, I'm not going to do that. So the advantage he has is he has a lot, a lot of, lot of experience, you know, with I don't know, 15 years and he has 50 of the, the best brands on Amazon. So he's has access to a lot of experience. But if he's not available and you know we can't get listed on Amazon, I'm going to have products stick sitting in the warehouse in February with nowhere to ship it to. Right. So the other thing he has with Clear Co ads, his company is the influencer model. So that's a big attraction that he offers. Do you have the same connections for the influencer model? Like he literally when you go with him, boom, he gets like 200 influencers or 400 influencers right away. So I don't want to blow him off because A, he's like a friend and B, he's supposed to help me but I also don't want to do what happened last year. I waited, waited, waited. And like, we listed four months late. Like, we missed the entire season. So it's a little bit delicate. So, like the influencer model is make or break on Amazon. William will say the same thing. So I can maybe work with you and William and we'll figure it out. But. So I'm just being very transparent. Like, I don't want to lose him if he's, you know, if he's gonna show up. But he's really hard to pin down. But I need Amazon live, like end of January. And I did, I did this cool little research with Intelligy. So let's do that in the second part of the meeting, depending how much time we have left. And. And we can chat through this week. It's less urgent. So show me. Let's first start with show me what you have on the analysis on three farmers and then I'll show you my PowerPoint. Okay, so the first of the first thing is I didn't complete the analysis after we had the last discussion. I will tell you what exactly. I have the rough idea. It's not organized in the format that you wanted. Okay. Okay. So starting from the most important ones. Okay, so share your screen. I by mistake shared my screen. So just share your screen one second. So that account would probably be pretty similar to Slimquik in the sense that it has, you know, 200,000 of sales already and then the goal is to scale it. And they don't do any, I mean, ads or anything. Even content is not. No, relate to that point. I just pasted it here. It was really draft. So I just took note of whatever I observed. This is not the important thing, but this is the thing I observed first. So it's like the seller rating. I noticed that this doesn't look like well managed because many of them are negative and it talks only about product. You can easily remove them and improve the seller rating if you don't. Wait, let me pause. Let me pause. So it's too small, plus I need to make notes. So just copy these bullets in the chat and then let me share my screen because I'll like. We'll skip one step. I'll get it ready for the PowerPoint. Okay, so I like to skip steps. Right? Because it's all about. Okay, so I'm gonna put a page in here. So. Oh, am I sharing my. Here, let me share my screen. So I'll just kind of show you what I do to turn around brands, like why they pay Me the big bucks. So the. So this is. I'll just kind of show you. Like, this is a business review. So I do business review and then we're doing new packaging and the board member is Arlene Dickinson from Dragons Den, so she's becoming my best friend. So I'm very, very, very fortunate that I'm doing a contract for three farmers. They're paying me to find a new packaging agency and run a packaging project. But I get to work with Arlene, so I should pay them. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So a business review is this. I'm just going to go quick, but I just want to sue you to see how I work, because I'm sure I'm going to. You know, this is what I've been doing for 12 years when I'm not launching my own brands. So a business review objective is you assess the current state of the business. You. One of the things we're. One of the very specific things is identify the current and future brand architecture, our key architecture, then align to what the key issues are. So the issues are what is kind of the building blocks, potential for the brands, then the building blocks. So they kind of go, you know, what are the key issues? And therefore, what are the building blocks? And then on the positioning side, we know that that's an issue. Come up with two to three alternatives and then, you know, any other key learnings for the packaging. For the packaging and then short lists of innovation buckets. Okay, so what you do in a business review, which has all these things, positioning, business reviews, always the same executive summary, cat. Then it's the five Cs, and then within the fifth C within the company, you have all of this. So if you go, just go in ChatGPT right now and you say, hey, hey, I'm doing a business review for cp, A cpg, you know, brand of cookies. Can you give me the format? Boom. They're going to give you this because it's like the standard format. They might give you something different, but this is pretty much the most standard. Okay, so I'm going to go through the PowerPoint, boop, boop, boop, boop. And then here, where's Ecom? So product line and mix. Okay, so here, what we're going to do is we're going to do. I'm going to do retail and within retail, we're going to do within retail. So I'm going to move it around a little bit now. Okay, so within retail, I'm going to do pricing, I'm going to move it around a bit because I, for like I didn't. I want to put the E Comm section, price sales calendar, marketing calendar, Marketing calendar will go here. And then I'm going to do Ecom. So Ecom. So I'm going to do a section on Ecom. And on Ecom we're going to have Shopify and Amazon. Okay, so that's where I'm going to put your pages. Okay. And within it we're going to have US Canada overall and Amazon. US Canada. Okay. So I'm going to pick your brain and basically tell like understand how it looks and then basically tell them that they need to hire like make a recommendation that they need to hire like a different partner. Okay, so let's go into. So then, you know, there's pages like this is what I found on the SEAS executive summary, blah, blah, blah. They need innovation, brand fundamentals, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Like that. It's just, I just started, I just spent like two hours on it. But it's always the same thing. So now we're going to do a page on. Let's do a page on. I'll just dump it in here. So let's do a page on. So Ecom. And then there's going to be overall and then so this is going to be the executive summary. Okay, so we'll come back to that in a second. Because you're doing just Amazon, right? Yes. Okay, so now we're going to do a Shopify page. So this is Shopify. I'm just doing the format because then I fill in the blanks. It's really easy. My life is very easy. Analysis is very easy. Figuring out the solution to grow is not as easy. Okay, so now I'm going to go to this. Oh, where are you? You're here. And I'm going to go. You went in this chat on WhatsApp. Okay. Okay. So now we're going to organize it together. Okay, so, so let. What's based on your conclusions? Year to date of blank blank minus blank blank percent versus year ago is. Versus year ago. Let me see. Wait, so let's do a little chart. Actually I'll do a little chart like this. So we'll do Amazon US. No, I think we'll do it this way. Amazon US Amazon Canada. So we'll do year to date past 11 months versus year ago. And then we'll do percentage off total. Okay. Which you don't know, but I want to see what the percentage of total is and then insert what else is important for an Amazon like overall rating. So one is, we'll say, you know, it's 200,000, you know, minus 11 or plus 2%, whatever it is. And, and then here it's, you know, you know, 185,000. This is US funds and this is Canadian funds. So this is 202 plus 5%. And this is, you know, 180 US plus 2%. And this represents, you know, 30% of their total sales. And this represents 15% of their total sales. Let's say. I think it's kind of that I looked at the numbers quickly. So let's say these are the results. Let's say. Okay, is there other, are there other metrics, high level on Amazon that should go in the executive summary chart? Is there like a ranking? Is there like a ranking we can look at? What's important, do you think in Amazon, like super important. Oh, we should do the spend. How about. Yeah, yep. Marketing spend. Yep. And is there like a ranking or something? I would just take a look at the. How much we are spending right now. The percentage. So we'll do dollars and percentage. Percentage of revenue. Yep. Okay. But you don't have access to that, right? No, I don't. Okay. And then what else is important? Is there like a ranking or something in Amazon? Well, matrix wise, no, I'd say, I mean, does content count here or should we mention that later? Content. So I would say content wise, we need to benchmark the content. Okay, and how do you do that? Well, I can point out these are the areas that one needs to work on and then take a look at all their skus and storefront and see what they have versus what you need. Yeah, so that doesn't make it to the executive chart. So we'll get to that in a sec. That's going to go below the. But the executive chart is more like like an overall. Yeah. So how about you don't have a rating or ranking. There's not like a. Like how when you go. I can assign points, but that will be up to me. I mean. No, no, no. Yeah. So there's no like objective. So there's marketing. Okay, how about number skews? Let's do number skus. So number of skus. Number of skus listed. Right. So 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. Oh my God. How do I count the skus here? Well, you can click on the. Any of the products. Yeah, yeah. And then go inside on the right. You see their name on the right. The where the price is the buy box. Scroll down A little bit. Yeah. And click on their name. Sold by three Farmers food. Yeah. There. Click on it. Yeah. And then scroll down a little bit. And can you see, see all products somewhere? See all products. Is that not there? Scroll down a little bit more. Uh huh. There. See all products. Click on that. And then you can see the number of SKUs that they have. 10. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. You don't even need to count. It's shown on the top left. Okay, and then what's the. So that's 10 for. Was I in Canada or in the U.S. let's check. So this was dot com. And then let's do the same for. So it's just kind of high level, High level stuff. Where is it? Where's. On the right. Cheap farmers. Okay. Seagull products. Okay. And you have 10 on the left. Okay. Top left corner. Okay, so there's 10 and 10. Okay, so this is a good summary now. Now we're going to go in the buckets. Okay, so this is a good summary. Let me just fix the formatting because that bugs me. Okay. Why? Okay, I'll fix this after. I'll just put commentary. I'll just put. You're right. I'll just put a. So how about we put key findings. So an executive summary of the key findings, but I don't know what they are yet. So let's, let's go. Let's go through verbally your analysis. Okay, sure. Okay. Starting with the most important one, I think the momento. Momento. Sure. One momento. Okay. One momento. Okay, one momento. Okay, so let's talk through. Okay, overall. So let's, let's go in order. So what's, what does this mean here? Or just tell me. I'm going to make edits and we're going to have two pages probably wait. I'm going to put it in a chart. I'm going to put it in a chart. So let's do a brand new page. Let's do a brand new page and let me do a chart because charts are way better. Okay. Three columns probably. Let's try three columns. Okay, so let's go in buckets. So bucket one is content and I like to put numbers. So what's. So we'll say key finding. Key finding means just observation. Right. Like and then recommendation indicated. Action means what should they do about it? Okay, so this is before the audit. Right. So it's just like a high level. Hey, you know, I had my expert look at it. Plus there's my expertise too and this is what I recommend. So what's your take on the content? Okay so if I take a look at their product. Product. Let's talk about the product which first go into any. And first of all I think the images, even under the product page, the images it can be. We can do many tests here. For example, I feel the way they are trying to position their product is like healthy snacks. It's not. It's roasted, it's not fried. There are I think a few things that adds up. For example is fiber reach. If we could even include those in the main image. There are keywords after healthy snacks. So we can take advantage of those keywords and probably that will help us even advertise and rank one second. So yep. So on the images. Isn't this way too annoying and too big? The I mean the main image is fine. They should be big like that because. But then I can't like how do you actually click and get the other stuff right like oh, so you go here. Yeah, I don't know. It's just hard to maneuver. That's how Amazon is I'd say. But I think the product too big. You don't think it should cover up the entire space I'm seeing. Okay so whether you're saying that on the content, I think just images overall needs to be improved. The main image is a big area of improvement and even if you take a look at the other images we can follow the best practices and improve them. Showcase the selling points basically that would probably help them convert better, especially the second year. But this is pretty good though. You have the picture of the product, you have the nutritional facts, you have the back panel, you have an oversized product as hero, you have what's included. Like this is pretty good. No, I think it can be improved even for. Let's talk about the main image for a second. So if you do keyword research you will see there are keywords like healthy snacks which is what it is. So if we could do something, add a sticker or a different way of showcasing the product in the main image that would highlight those keywords that is also going to be readable from the search result. I think it will improve their click through rate. Okay, so let's do this. So let's do. So what do you. So what are the most important keywords? So should I just say need to revisit. Revisit keyword strategy as seem to be missing some key ones. Okay here. Okay. I just want to take what you're saying. Here. So the key findings is. Seems to be missing some key ones. That is healthy snacks. So need to revisit keyword strategy. Do a keyword poll. Okay, so that's on keywords. Content will be, you know, basics Basic. Basic. Five images are good. Description. Missing keywords. Right. I think even the five images. For example, the second image, it just shows the nutrition facts. Probably it could highlight the positioning how you want to sell the product. That's. That would probably benefit the product even more. Conversion even more. Right now it's like you really have to zoom in and read, oh, it's a healthy snack. It's not fried. Why do that? The not fried, they're a bit scared of. Because usually baked don't taste good. But. Yeah. And also if you review the product, summarize the reviews. It's a common thing. They don't like the test. In many cases, it's not because of the test. They complete stale. So I don't know why that happens so frequently. The stale things are low. Yeah, Their ratings are very low. 3.7. So it's the stale. Right? Yeah. So what do we do? Let's say they know they have these stale issues. So what do we do? What do we do with that? I mean, and how do we generate more positives? That's what Clear Coads does, right? They have all positive reviews. Yeah. Okay. With influencers. And that's what William did too, right? William has. William has like 10 million visitor. 10 million reviews. Right. Or like a thousand reviews. I'll show you so I can ask. I have to talk to him. If. Can you connect me with William, I would love to understand how he launches these products. These are generic products, very hard to scale on Amazon. And you are saying he is doing it just for one and a half years and with a 10 million dollar. 10 million. Yeah, look, it's because of his 1500 review. Okay. So let's see what he says. So but we have to fix, like, we got to get reviews and generate lots of positive reviews, you know, to bring the margin up, to bring the average up. Now, the US Reviews, if I recall, like, you can port your Canadian and U.S. reviews. Right. So they have 189 here. And. And you can share with the whole family. They have 160. So this is dot ca. They have 166. Let me. How do I. Okay, I want to just move this out of the way. Give me one sec. Okay, so these guys here. Oh, wait, this is the US this is the US Why is it coming to. Where's their multi pack. It's not showing up for some reason in here. That's not good. Oh, so they're missing their. They're miss. They don't have their. I thought so too. I thought so too. But. But they do have that. I could find that separately. For some reason it doesn't show on the seller page. That's crazy. But wait, so now I just did three farmers. Let me go back to. Let me go back here. Okay, okay. So. What's that five pack they have here? Yeah, and they have a five pack too. So it's like way too many skus. And they have a five pack, So. Oh, it's a lentil. Oh, oh, five of wings. Sorry. Oh, what's this one here? Oh, lentils. How do they have 454 on these? That's something to understand. I mean, there are some skus. They have a lot more reviews, but they don't sell much right now. So for example, I don't remember which marketplace it was. They have a buy box issue on that. So they don't sell that much right now, but they used to sell a lot before. So maybe it's just because it's been longer. Like these are lifetime reviews, right? Yes. But some of them can probably do better if they can resolve their buy box issue. Okay, what's. Where's the buy. What's the buy box issue? If you click on any product on the right, you usually see buy now, right? Yeah. If you don't have the buy box, it doesn't show up like that. It just says see all available options. Here you can see the add to cart and buy box options on the right. Please scroll down a little bit. Yeah, you don't get to see these options if. When you lose your buy box. Okay, so have they lost the buy box? I don't remember whether in Canada or the U.S. in one of those marketplaces. Yes. Let me actually see what I took note of. That's. Yeah, that's. That's a big problem. Oh, yeah. So it was the chickpeas listing in Canada. I'm not sure if it's the same in the U.S. okay, let me check here. The 306. Yes. They don't have the buy box. Yeah. Oh no, they have the buy box. No, they don't. On the right, you can just see all buying options. Then you have to click on it and then someone can find the option to add to cart and you cannot also. Is that theirs here? 17. Oh my God. Sold by three farmers Foodin. So now if you lose the buy box, you cannot even advertise. So. Reviews. So here. So what are the reviews? So there's CA and there's dot com. So CA is 3.7 and dot com is what? How much? Let's put the both. Both of them. On average for most products it's around 3.7. Different products have different ratings. Okay, so let's do. You see I'm just kind of organizing things here on the reviews. Seems that they're not combined. So what William was telling me is that he can combine reviews. So for example, on his here this out of the way. I don't know how to move this stupid thing out of the way. This black thing. Do you know how to move the black thing out of the way? Not sure what you're talking about. I cannot see anything on my screen here. Hi. Okay, there's a button. Yeah. It's very annoying. So what he was telling me is like this 14:47, he gets on all his products because he the way and he does Canada and the U.S. right. Like this one is mistake. Like I don't know why it's just two. So he's. He's fixing it like look, these we're going to have. So I'm going to ask him but like the whole idea is told me is because there's vitamin in them, they're going to have the same 1447. So. Well he has done parent listings. So yeah. Okay, let's take a look at the. Click on any of those products where he has 1400 plus reference. You cannot combine everything. It has to be variation and it has to make sense. So let's click on multivitamins. There. Yep. This one. Yeah. You will see two variations. One is one pack, another one is two pack. Oh, oh, more than that actually. Okay, so let's take a look at his variations. How many variations are there? Move your cursor a little bit so you can six of them. Okay. So he has combined six of them. I guess he has six different multivitamins. One for kids, one with the green blends. Another one is methylated Stupac. Yes. Combine everything there and they all have the reviews. Supposedly he was saying one more thing that you can do is you can combine different variations. Plus you can use the same asin to list in the US and Canada. So that way they will also sync the views between each other. That's how you combine. For example, when you're launching a new product. Let's say what you can, you can do. Let's say you have a one pack and you have two packs or you create three packs, three different SKUs just like that. List it in Canada, listed in the the US participate in the vine program. All three in both marketplaces. Now you can distribute 30 each. That means you can get maximum 30 reviews for each SKUs. So that means six into 31, 80 reviews to start with maximum. You will probably not get that many. 150 reviews at least. So why has he not done like he said he was doing? This Sohan. But look, he hasn't done it. Maybe it's just in progress. But some of these cues he hasn't done yet. The images that you see there, those are just virtual bundles. And this one, I'm not sure, maybe different bundles that he has created because he said he was teaching me this, right? He was saying, look here, there's 1080 because it's the weight loss. The vitamin is 1447. 1447, 1080, that's the same weight loss. 1 0. That's a weight loss. So he combine these two for some reason and then magnesium is just new. Coloscomy is. He's had that for a while. That's weight loss. This is the same. But where are his new ones that we just saw? Look, his new one here, which is a bundle. It doesn't have the one447. Yeah, yeah. When he was telling me anyway, I asked him, yeah, you cannot combine all listings. It has to have some distinct variation theme. Okay, yeah, so we have done very well. But they can combine because they have like a multi pack that has the three ingredients, right? Yes, we'll have to review that. And it's not always a good strategy. Not always. So there are drawbacks and there are advantages. We'll have to consider that and then based on. So for example, if you keep SKU separate, you can get more visibility when you're advertising. So if you have that budget to go aggressive on ads and you can keep different SKUs separate and you can get more visibility in the search result. Alternatively, let's say you have gathered enough reviews and now you want to kind of dominate the market and you have gathered enough reviews, basically you don't want to push that much with ads. Then you can combine everything and you can increase the number of reviews that will work in your favor because most people out there don't have that many reviews. So there are disadvantages and advantages of both. So there's multipack singles, chocolate and oil. So indicated action is revisit. Revisit the budget allocation by category Right. Like, I don't think they have the right strategy on how they're allocating their spend. Like this. This SKU is low priority. It's just they've had it for a long time, but. So I don't know if they need to spend money on these. Like, this is like 1% of their business is the chocolate and they want to fix it. So I don't know if they have the right strategy on the 10 SKUs on how they're spending it. Like, this is way too confusing. Like, I don't know which one to buy. Who are these guys here? They have the word to your point, right? They have the word healthy trail mix pack. They do. Okay, so keywords revisit content basic five images can be improved. Store can be improved. Descriptions missing keywords. So you know, audit and scale up improves. The average is low, not combined. And then need to address the reviews. So fix the stale issue and generate lots of positives and combined. So there's kind of three ways to fix it, right? One is actually fix the real product. Two, start pumping out lots of reviews. And then three, combine some of the reviews so you'll automatically get bigger numbers. Is that fair? Yeah, if we'll see, we'll review that. That's the possibility on the pages. You know, the snack pack is missing on the store page. There's also. That's not fixable, by the way. So I don't know if you would want to fix that. Why not mention that? I mean, it's first of all not that important. Just because you're clicking on the store page, no one goes there. Brand. Store is the important part. So it's not the storefront where it's missing that. That's why I wrapped. Where's the brand store. If you click on the brand name, for example here, Nature's garden. Click on that. Yeah, visit Nature's garden. Right, Sorry. That's fine. Let me go back. Click on any product. Click on any product. And then right before the below the title, you'll see visit. Yeah, click there. But I thought you said it's not. Okay, this is important. Okay, storefront's important. But what did I say? That's what I was saying. I was saying store page. I'm not sure if it is missing. There is different seller page. It's missing on the seller page. That's different. Okay, so what's this called that we just looked at this. This is storefront. Isn't storefront important? It is very important. But what you mentioned there is not this page. You mentioned seller page. That's a different page. Okay, where's seller page? If you click on the go to the buy box and click on sold Buy. Yes. This is basically the seller page. And then click on. Yeah, okay, so what I meant to type here is seller page. No, the brand store page. Is it missing though? I don't know. Yeah, that's what we just looked at. So this is the brand store page, right? This one here? Click there. Yes. Store. Brand store missing in the U.S. it was missing. Yeah, you can check the. At least it's missing in the homepage. Whereas it should be in the homepage, right? For sure. It should be shown in the homepage. Well, the brand store page starts with lentils. Hmm. That's her. That's the two sisters. So there's a few issues here. So brand. Store page. You're. You know the variety snack pack. Yeah, the snack pack is missing. And then the order is not in the best priority. Is in the right priority. And then we're missing best sellers. Right? Why. Why would we not have best sellers? Exactly. Yeah. Like where's. So where would I put that? So what do I call that? I'll call that strategy. So one is best sellers are not called out. 10 SKS are is too many. It's hard to know what to buy. And then the snack packs missing on store Brand store page. And then ad spend advertising span may not be aligned with bestsellers. So that's like a summary. So let me. So let's put something else here. The motivation behind three Farmers really stemmed from this idea that we wanted to bridge that gap between farmers. I don't think many people will watch the video. That's another thing. So there are ways of using video on the store fridge that will automatically play. So those are all the things we can discuss about later on. Of course, those are implementations that you have to work on. Okay, so this is just like a summary. Okay, so there's a few things missing there. So let's look at your Here. Basically the way they have presented the story, brand story in the A content, no one will take the time to read it. It's not easy to skim through. So we have to work on the imageries. Even in the A content, it's not missing really. It's there, but it's not easy to skip through. Yeah. So you see, I. I just organized the stuff and this is what you wanted me to do. Yep. That's okay. We're doing now so. But you can come up with a template like this Right. Like you'll all send you this and then for all your clients you should use the same template. Especially if we work together. So did we put this one. Introduce the 30 pack? Did we put that? We said because we found it. Right. So where did. It's there, it's there. It's fine. I just thought that back then I thought it's not there. But. Okay, so it showed up here. It's sponsored, so it shows up in sponsors. But how come we don't see it in non sponsored? Can you change that? That is actually surprising. We'll have to look into that. Yeah, yeah. This is not good. Okay, so this is good. It'll make me look smart and then the goal is I look smart and then you look smart. So. Okay. So. Okay, so here we need a chart on the roas. We need. Do you have a. Here we need a scorecard. So let's look at. Let's look at the scorecards they gave me because we need like more. A little bit more metrics on. So the variety pack is with selling the most. Yep. What the heck? Why are they. What is this? T W what's this? 170. Oh, that's the. That's the. The ratings. What's this 170 here? Units. Number of units, I think. Okay. Okay. So this is their variety. It's like eight week and 12 weeks. Is that okay? Yeah. So that's their variety pack basically is selling. What's the difference between. This one does the fava beans and lentils. So this one is 3 times 5 ounce lentils. How the heck is that selling that much? That's crazy. So the lentils is selling that much. Lentils are like a total waste. Like I miss that. They're like, they're tiny little. This is the big seller. So these results, they're saying that this guy is selling the most. Looks like that. Can you take a look at the other tabs? I mean did they give the actual report that you get to download? Yep. Okay, Skus, this is going to be helpful here. How the heck is lentils? Oh wait. Okay wait, let's go back to this. So this said lentils is 170. 2 months and 3 months cells. Yeah. And fava beans is 33 and the oil is 46. Lentils like these little lentils are like they're miniature. It's kind of like eating sunflower seed. The fava bean has the most potential but it's less known. And then this. How come it's selling so low? What the heck like, there's a problem with that. That's the Parity Pack in the us, Right? Yeah. So there's something wrong with this one. Whereas the most potential is with this product. Yeah. So where is. Like, where's the report? You know, the. No, it's there. I mean, the Excel, that's the one, right? No, where is it? Okay, the last one, 19. Last one 19. Yeah. In the u.s. So we need to solve that serious problem. That's crazy, because that's the most popular SKU. Like, why does it have only 19 sales with 164 reviews? And the biggest seller here is lentil. But that's. That's crazy. Those lentils are not pleasant. Like, so where are these lentils? This thing here, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's because of the 454. That's kind of how it works, Right? That's why William has found a way to buy reviews. Like, look, you know, like, these are really not fun. They're miniature. It's like little sunflower seeds, the fava and the chickpeas. Wow. Okay, so let's just do chickpeas. Chickpeas snack. Okay, so how do they rank in chickpea snack? Why are they not showing up in chickpea snack? First of all, I'm not sure if that's a popular keyword. We'll have to see that. Right? And if it is a popular one, of course a relevant one, then we'll have to take a look at their SEO. Yeah, but it is like, it's their product, right? Like. Like it. Like that's what they are. Like, like that's crazy. A chickpea snack. That's what you wanted to want me to check, right? Let's see the search volume right now. Chickpea snacks. It's like 252 searches a month. Yeah, of course they don't show up. They don't show up. They should. Yeah, but that's bad. Like, that's their. Their key. Baked Snacked. Baked snacks. How would. What's the number of searches for baked snacks? Let's see. Do you have a different app to check that? Heliumton. Pardon? Helium 10. Text it to me. Okay, so there are a lot of searches for baked snacks. S697. Salty snacks is how much? One second. Helium 10 is the tool. You know about helium 10 already? Salty snacks. Let's see. Charlie, Charlie. Hey. 4224. Okay, so in salty snacks. So in salty snacks, there's how much? How much? 4,000. 4,224. And then chickpea Snacks. That was very low. One second. 262. 262. Yeah, but these guys here are advertising. These guys here are advertising. Oh, wait. Chickpea Snacks is way more. Actually, I don't know what I typed exactly. It's 5463. What? Five thousand. Yeah, 5463. And that's what period. What do you mean? What period are you giving me the data for? It's for a month. So salty snacks is 4234 and chickpea snacks is 5. This is the spelling. Yeah, look at the chat. Chickpea Snacks. That's the one that I search for. So it's like chickpea together and snacks. Sorry. Okay, let me send it to you on. It's okay. It's okay. Here. It's okay. Okay. It's okay. It's okay. Got. Oh, helium. 10. Okay. Yeah, But that's crazy. Like. And then. But in Salty Snacks, these guys are buying Salty Snacks. So let's do. So the buy. So who bought Salty Snack is this guy. So these guys bought Salty Snack, and then let's do Chickpea Snacks. So that's in the U.S. so these guys bought Salty Snacks right up here. That's a purchase, right? For now. Yes, for now. They're winning the position for now. Well, they're. They're buying it, right? Well, they're bidding for it. It's not. They're bidding for it. Yeah, yeah. And then here it's Kibo. So in Canada, it's Kibo. And in the US it's these other guys. Right. It's also in the US For Chickpea Snacks. Oh, it's the same brand. No, I mean, it's also in the U.S. you search for it in the U.S. right now. Yeah, no, I searched us. Yeah. Okay, So the Buy Snack. Just to summarize, the Buy Snack is being won in the US by whatever this brand is. And the Chickpea snack in the US which has 5,000 whatever things. Are these numbers US or Canada? Both. US okay, so give me the Canada numbers, please. Sure. I had an hour and a half with this Peruvian guy yesterday. He brings in. He brings in the cacao from Peru, and he knows my man guy. Okay. Chickpea Snacks in Canada, it's not good. It's just showing 10 for chickpea snacks. Yeah, it's not good in Canada. And Salty Snacks, Right? Yep. Salty snacks is 475. Okay. And can you do a Puff snacks. Puffed snacks. Okay. Like puffed. Yes. In Canada I cannot find any puffed snacks. It's like puffed rice snack, corn snack, cheese snack. All those things are there, but not many search volume in Canada. So I'll just do the U.S. So puff snacks, that itself is 583 in the U.S. okay. And Canada is zero. It was another. What's another like snack that people search for? Healthy snacks. Healthy snacks. Yeah, healthy snacks. Okay, give me healthy snacks. It's 16, 908 in Canada. Okay, wait, snack box is one. Okay, wait. Healthy snacks in Canada is how much? 16,908. And in the U.S. okay, let me check. 79,101. Okay. So there are some more interesting keywords if you want me to introduce. Yeah, just two more minutes. Tell me a couple more. Yep, go ahead. Snack box. Snack box. Okay, what's the numbers? 111,629. Okay. And Canada? 27,008. Okay. Snacks for adults. Yep. 18,968 in Canada. Okay. Okay, let me check that snack. For adults. It's 23,487 in the U.S. that's so interesting. Like because the U.S. is 10 times bigger. How come these, these numbers are not 10 times bigger? This one is the same question people ask, but it's also very competitive compared to if it is 10 times bigger. Probably 20 times more competitive. Yes, but we can do better. Of course. So let's go healthy snack. But it's interesting that it's not 10 times bigger. So, so let's do healthy snack and take a picture of that. Quest Nutrition. So Quest, the billion dollar Quest brand is doing that. Okay, so this is good. This is enough so far. So the goal is to get you the contract and I'm going to find out who their Amazon person is. But based on my little summary here, I'm going to recommend they pay you to do like to, to hire you and we'd start with an audit. So if they wanna search. So if they want to hire you. Okay. I was gonna do the scorecard. Wait, let's do the scorecard. And then. So this doesn't make sense. Like the, the lentils doesn't make sense that it's that big like compared to. Yeah. So In Canada it's 1000 for the variety pack and nothing for the rest. Right. Why is there only five SKUs here but there's ten on the thing? Well, there are 10 SKUs. We'll have to match which ones they have recorded here. Okay, so you see there's A huge difference with Canada and the U.S. right. Like, okay, so scorecard. Do they have an actual scorecard then? Let me see. Where's their spending? Don't they have like a card? This is just a business report, nothing else. Okay, so they don't have an actual scorecard. So what are the things that we like to see on a scorecard? We like to see units, revenue, promo, marketing span. Like, can we. Can you read repeats? Like repeated sales, like on Shopify? Can you do that on Amazon? We can, yes, but it's not a very straightforward process. But I can do that. Okay, what else is worth. Reviews? And then it's total brand and by sku. Right. Okay, wait, we have to have. Where's the time period? Let me think. How do you usually do your scorecards? Well, I don't. What do you mean by scorecard? Is it like assigning a score? No, a scorecard is kind of the word that's used to mean, like a summary usually for executives, for boards. Like, it's just kind of the word that's used to say, like, I don't want all the details. I just want the brand health scorecards. And they call a lot of places. Like, it's just a word that says. So let me just think with Matt last year. Okay, here, let me show you. We had one, but then I'll show you the old one. Let's relook at it. So the new one he did is just the one I showed you better chocolates. But the old scorecard was this one, I think. Okay. Okay. Ah. Oh, I don't know what this is. Oh, yeah, that's the one I have for Shopify. So this is the one I have for Shopify. So it has like every week, like every week sales. Like so. Because we're tracking it every week. So every week it had this. So it's by week. But let me show you. Matt did one on Amazon, so let's. Let me show you the Amazon. Here. This one. Let's see. Yeah, yeah. So this is his scorecard. This is. Okay, this is Basically all the KPIs there, the revenue and everything there. Yeah, so we're missing that. Like, do you do those? I have to look into what he did. Exactly. I can definitely do this, but I don't have a system in place. What I do is it's a dump. It's just a. It's a dump. He just does a product dump. Like, it literally takes him five minutes to run this. Okay, so here I'll. Is this something I Can get. Yeah, yeah, here. Okay, thank you. So he does a dump and then his new scorecard is the one you saw. So. But let me download it also the new one. This is the Facebook one, but it's, it's. We don't need that one. I'm going to use a different Facebook guy. So this is the new one he did where it was more like this. Right? Like I want to see month one, month two. So if we work together it's kind of like look like how much am I going to sell every month? So it's similar to his, but I have both the dollars and the units. But it's similar to like, I mean he did this. It's just. This is not a dump. Like he's, you know, more used to a dump, a data dump. I'm going to send them here. So you have it. Sure. Okay, so that's enough for now because I'm way late also, so I have enough to basically, you know, So I have. Oops. Okay, so I have like three pages, so that's good. And then I'll do some stuff on Shopify, so I'm good. So I'm recommending to, you know, get an audit and realign on strategies and like, which includes the keywords, etc. Actually let me just change the order insert. I always start like top of the funnel. Okay. So strategy keywords, blah, blah, blah. So I'm meeting for two hours with the ecom person. So I don't know if she does this or who her consultant is, but I think we have enough here to get you a contract. So approximately, let's say I'm successful. I think it's Wednesday to get you a contract with that, we'll have a call, etc. But what are you thinking? How would it work? Approximately? Because I just want to kind of tell her approximately what it would look like. Like the price. Yeah, well, how it would go about like so big picture you would. She would hire you for like the audit and then like a three month integration or something. A three month test, something like that. Like what's kind of a re. Like a way if, if they are hiring you, what's the ideal scenario for it to be a win win. Okay, so first of all the audit will be there and then I'll be presenting a plan of action. Basically. Basically this is a sequence we are going to work on. I can see content being one of the priorities. We cannot do everything at the same time. Right. Content being one priorities for certain products. And then we'll Start working on the ads and fixing some of the roadblocks. For example, solving the vanity pack issue in the US this is going to be the first few things we're going to work on in both marketplaces. Now, pricing wise, it will be for ads and the content. Right. So content will be part listing basis and ads will be something that I showed you. I'll have to reconsider that. I mean what exactly it will be for them? But we can. What is it? Is it like 2,000amonth or something like that? Or 4,000amonth? Like what's the kind of the. For ads? Let's talk about that. The engagement, because I'll have her. Will it be solely a retainer, fixed retainer, or will they be okay with a commission? Probably combination. But just be ready to reply to what it. Like I'm going to come out of the meeting and she's going to ask for a proposal from you. So I'm just trying to get you to put on paper what you propose. The proposal is given you've seen the account. Yes. I will say something around. If it is retainer, fixed retainer for ads, it will be something like 2500 for both accounts, both marketplaces. And would it go down? Because you're going to have a lot of work to do in the short term. So why don't, why don't you do like the first three months a higher amount and then you go down. Because isn't the idea that you're going to do more hours of work to fix everything at first, so your fees should be higher at first and then go down? Because it's logical, like it's not logical if it doesn't do that. So think about, just think about it. But it should be like the first three months will be blank per month and then after that the next three months is going to be growing the revenue. Like and you know, while the next nine months is going to be growing the revenue. So just think about like there's more work to be done in the first three months. So the, the, the, the, your fees have to be higher in the first three than the next three. Okay, how about I do it this way? If it is a fixed pricing, then I'll do it this way. Like the way you are talking about right now, more work. So I'll charge more if it is commission based. Probably I wouldn't do that. Right. So I'll create a different pricing model for that. Is that something that. Yeah. Do a little chart. Do a little chart. Do a little chart. Where it's three months and then the next six months. Okay, three and six. And then do you know 100% retainer. A hundred percent? Well, commission. You have to. Well, 100 commission, but you have to charge for listing work. So. Jen, there's two, and then a hybrid. Yes. Do a little chart. Sure, I'll do that. Okay. Okay. Okay. I have to go. But I have to go. The. Because it went way longer. The. But this is good work, so I'll bug you a little bit. You have access to my results, right? With the testing, I gave you access. So just like. It's not for right now, but I'm gonna need listings going live in January, end of January. So how long does it take to get listings live once you have the UPCs and stuff? Like, two, three weeks. Is your account created? No. Okay, so in that case, we'll need to go through some initial setup phases. It may end up taking. It may happen even within a week, but may end up taking even two weeks. Right. So once that's done, listing is immediate, instant. Okay. Okay, well, like maybe we do it over Christmas. Maybe I do the account set up, like, next week when I'm back. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. Have a good Sunday. Yeah, you as well. Bye now. Okay, bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: I'm just going to be basically my brain turns off around 6pm so Monday night the I'm just going to be a zombie on the plane. So I think there's two things to do in this call. One is walk me through and let's talk through like your assessment of three farmers because I'll show you the PowerPoint and I'll copy it into the PowerPoint because I have like 16 hours of working with the CEO and, and there's a whole section on E Comm.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So there's like a whole two, three hours on E Comm. So I want to in this call get a copy paste to put in the deck. So I'll show you that a bit. Just make sure I can share my screen. And then the second thing is I'll show. So then new topic is I'll show you the Amazon research results for my brand. I kind of messed up with the hot chocolate but it's a good learning, right? That's why I am still kind of learning. I didn't change the insight and you can see that in the results. So I'm going to do another one just for hot chocolate for like $60. But I wouldn't mind, I'm going to share you that and I wouldn't mind if you started thinking about the actual listings like what should we put the keywords and all that. I'm going to try to connect with Matt because he's supposed to be doing my Amazon but he's gone missing again. Last year he went missing for six months. So like I need, like I'm not going to know, I'm not going to do that. So the advantage he has is he has a lot, a lot of, lot of experience, you know, with I don't know, 15 years and he has 50 of the, the best brands on Amazon. So he's has access to a lot of experience. But if he's not available and you know we can't get listed on Amazon, I'm going to have products stick sitting in the warehouse in February with nowhere to ship it to. Right. So the other thing he has with Clear Co ads, his company is the influencer model. So that's a big attraction that he offers. Do you have the same connections for the influencer model? Like he literally when you go with him, boom, he gets like 200 influencers or 400 influencers right away. So I don't want to blow him off because A, he's like a friend and B, he's supposed to help me but I also don't want to do what happened last year. I waited, waited, waited. And like, we listed four months late. Like, we missed the entire season. So it's a little bit delicate. So, like the influencer model is make or break on Amazon. William will say the same thing. So I can maybe work with you and William and we'll figure it out. But. So I'm just being very transparent. Like, I don't want to lose him if he's, you know, if he's gonna show up. But he's really hard to pin down. But I need Amazon live, like end of January. And I did, I did this cool little research with Intelligy. So let's do that in the second part of the meeting, depending how much time we have left. And. And we can chat through this week. It's less urgent. So show me. Let's first start with show me what you have on the analysis on three farmers and then I'll show you my PowerPoint.

Speaker B: Okay, so the first of the first thing is I didn't complete the analysis after we had the last discussion. I will tell you what exactly. I have the rough idea. It's not organized in the format that you wanted.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. So starting from the most important ones.

Speaker A: Okay, so share your screen. I by mistake shared my screen. So just share your screen one second. So that account would probably be pretty similar to Slimquik in the sense that it has, you know, 200,000 of sales already and then the goal is to scale it.

Speaker B: And they don't do any, I mean, ads or anything. Even content is not. No, relate to that point. I just pasted it here. It was really draft. So I just took note of whatever I observed. This is not the important thing, but this is the thing I observed first. So it's like the seller rating. I noticed that this doesn't look like well managed because many of them are negative and it talks only about product. You can easily remove them and improve the seller rating if you don't.

Speaker A: Wait, let me pause. Let me pause. So it's too small, plus I need to make notes. So just copy these bullets in the chat and then let me share my screen because I'll like. We'll skip one step. I'll get it ready for the PowerPoint. Okay, so I like to skip steps. Right? Because it's all about. Okay, so I'm gonna put a page in here. So. Oh, am I sharing my. Here, let me share my screen. So I'll just kind of show you what I do to turn around brands, like why they pay Me the big bucks. So the. So this is. I'll just kind of show you. Like, this is a business review. So I do business review and then we're doing new packaging and the board member is Arlene Dickinson from Dragons Den, so she's becoming my best friend. So I'm very, very, very fortunate that I'm doing a contract for three farmers. They're paying me to find a new packaging agency and run a packaging project. But I get to work with Arlene, so I should pay them. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So a business review is this. I'm just going to go quick, but I just want to sue you to see how I work, because I'm sure I'm going to. You know, this is what I've been doing for 12 years when I'm not launching my own brands. So a business review objective is you assess the current state of the business. You. One of the things we're. One of the very specific things is identify the current and future brand architecture, our key architecture, then align to what the key issues are. So the issues are what is kind of the building blocks, potential for the brands, then the building blocks. So they kind of go, you know, what are the key issues? And therefore, what are the building blocks? And then on the positioning side, we know that that's an issue. Come up with two to three alternatives and then, you know, any other key learnings for the packaging. For the packaging and then short lists of innovation buckets. Okay, so what you do in a business review, which has all these things, positioning, business reviews, always the same executive summary, cat. Then it's the five Cs, and then within the fifth C within the company, you have all of this. So if you go, just go in ChatGPT right now and you say, hey, hey, I'm doing a business review for cp, A cpg, you know, brand of cookies. Can you give me the format? Boom. They're going to give you this because it's like the standard format. They might give you something different, but this is pretty much the most standard. Okay, so I'm going to go through the PowerPoint, boop, boop, boop, boop. And then here, where's Ecom? So product line and mix. Okay, so here, what we're going to do is we're going to do. I'm going to do retail and within retail, we're going to do within retail. So I'm going to move it around a little bit now. Okay, so within retail, I'm going to do pricing, I'm going to move it around a bit because I, for like I didn't. I want to put the E Comm section, price sales calendar, marketing calendar, Marketing calendar will go here. And then I'm going to do Ecom. So Ecom. So I'm going to do a section on Ecom. And on Ecom we're going to have Shopify and Amazon. Okay, so that's where I'm going to put your pages. Okay. And within it we're going to have US Canada overall and Amazon. US Canada. Okay. So I'm going to pick your brain and basically tell like understand how it looks and then basically tell them that they need to hire like make a recommendation that they need to hire like a different partner. Okay, so let's go into. So then, you know, there's pages like this is what I found on the SEAS executive summary, blah, blah, blah. They need innovation, brand fundamentals, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Like that. It's just, I just started, I just spent like two hours on it. But it's always the same thing. So now we're going to do a page on. Let's do a page on. I'll just dump it in here. So let's do a page on. So Ecom. And then there's going to be overall and then so this is going to be the executive summary. Okay, so we'll come back to that in a second. Because you're doing just Amazon, right?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay, so now we're going to do a Shopify page. So this is Shopify. I'm just doing the format because then I fill in the blanks. It's really easy. My life is very easy. Analysis is very easy. Figuring out the solution to grow is not as easy. Okay, so now I'm going to go to this. Oh, where are you? You're here. And I'm going to go. You went in this chat on WhatsApp. Okay. Okay. So now we're going to organize it together. Okay, so, so let. What's based on your conclusions? Year to date of blank blank minus blank blank percent versus year ago is. Versus year ago. Let me see. Wait, so let's do a little chart. Actually I'll do a little chart like this. So we'll do Amazon US. No, I think we'll do it this way. Amazon US Amazon Canada. So we'll do year to date past 11 months versus year ago. And then we'll do percentage off total. Okay. Which you don't know, but I want to see what the percentage of total is and then insert what else is important for an Amazon like overall rating. So one is, we'll say, you know, it's 200,000, you know, minus 11 or plus 2%, whatever it is. And, and then here it's, you know, you know, 185,000. This is US funds and this is Canadian funds. So this is 202 plus 5%. And this is, you know, 180 US plus 2%. And this represents, you know, 30% of their total sales. And this represents 15% of their total sales. Let's say. I think it's kind of that I looked at the numbers quickly. So let's say these are the results. Let's say. Okay, is there other, are there other metrics, high level on Amazon that should go in the executive summary chart? Is there like a ranking? Is there like a ranking we can look at? What's important, do you think in Amazon, like super important. Oh, we should do the spend.

Speaker B: How about. Yeah, yep.

Speaker A: Marketing spend. Yep. And is there like a ranking or something?

Speaker B: I would just take a look at the. How much we are spending right now. The percentage.

Speaker A: So we'll do dollars and percentage. Percentage of revenue. Yep. Okay. But you don't have access to that, right?

Speaker B: No, I don't.

Speaker A: Okay. And then what else is important? Is there like a ranking or something in Amazon?

Speaker B: Well, matrix wise, no, I'd say, I mean, does content count here or should we mention that later? Content. So I would say content wise, we need to benchmark the content.

Speaker A: Okay, and how do you do that?

Speaker B: Well, I can point out these are

Speaker A: the

Speaker B: areas that one needs to work on and then take a look at all their skus and storefront and see what they have versus what you need.

Speaker A: Yeah, so that doesn't make it to the executive chart. So we'll get to that in a sec. That's going to go below the. But the executive chart is more like like an overall. Yeah. So how about you don't have a rating or ranking. There's not like a. Like how when you go.

Speaker B: I can assign points, but that will be up to me. I mean.

Speaker A: No, no, no. Yeah. So there's no like objective. So there's marketing. Okay, how about number skews? Let's do number skus. So number of skus. Number of skus listed. Right. So 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. Oh my God. How do I count the skus here?

Speaker B: Well, you can click on the. Any of the products.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: And then go inside on the right. You see their name on the right. The where the price is the buy box. Scroll down A little bit.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And click on their name. Sold by three Farmers food. Yeah.

Speaker A: There.

Speaker B: Click on it. Yeah. And then scroll down a little bit. And can you see, see all products somewhere? See all products. Is that not there? Scroll down a little bit more. Uh huh. There. See all products. Click on that. And then you can see the number of SKUs that they have. 10.

Speaker A: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10.

Speaker B: You don't even need to count. It's shown on the top left.

Speaker A: Okay, and then what's the. So that's 10 for. Was I in Canada or in the U.S. let's check. So this was dot com. And then let's do the same for. So it's just kind of high level, High level stuff. Where is it? Where's.

Speaker B: On the right. Cheap farmers.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Seagull products.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And you have 10 on the left.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Top left corner.

Speaker A: Okay, so there's 10 and 10. Okay, so this is a good summary now. Now we're going to go in the buckets. Okay, so this is a good summary. Let me just fix the formatting because that bugs me. Okay. Why? Okay, I'll fix this after. I'll just put commentary. I'll just put. You're right. I'll just put a. So how about we put key findings. So an executive summary of the key findings, but I don't know what they are yet. So let's, let's go. Let's go through verbally your analysis. Okay, sure.

Speaker B: Okay. Starting with the most important one, I think the momento.

Speaker A: Momento.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: One momento. Okay. One momento. Okay, one momento. Okay, so let's talk through. Okay, overall. So let's, let's go in order. So what's, what does this mean here? Or just tell me. I'm going to make edits and we're going to have two pages probably wait. I'm going to put it in a chart. I'm going to put it in a chart. So let's do a brand new page. Let's do a brand new page and let me do a chart because charts are way better. Okay. Three columns probably. Let's try three columns. Okay, so let's go in buckets. So bucket one is content and I like to put numbers. So what's. So we'll say key finding. Key finding means just observation. Right. Like and then recommendation indicated. Action means what should they do about it? Okay, so this is before the audit. Right. So it's just like a high level. Hey, you know, I had my expert look at it. Plus there's my expertise too and this is what I recommend. So what's your take on the content?

Speaker B: Okay so if I take a look at their product. Product. Let's talk about the product which first go into any. And first of all I think the images, even under the product page, the images it can be. We can do many tests here. For example, I feel the way they are trying to position their product is like healthy snacks. It's not. It's roasted, it's not fried. There are I think a few things that adds up. For example is fiber reach. If we could even include those in the main image. There are keywords after healthy snacks. So we can take advantage of those keywords and probably that will help us even advertise and rank one second.

Speaker A: So yep. So on the images. Isn't this way too annoying and too big?

Speaker B: The I mean the main image is fine. They should be big like that because.

Speaker A: But then I can't like how do you actually click and get the other stuff right like oh, so you go here. Yeah, I don't know. It's just hard to maneuver.

Speaker B: That's how Amazon is I'd say. But I think the product too big. You don't think it should cover up the entire space I'm seeing.

Speaker A: Okay so whether you're saying that on the content,

Speaker B: I think just images overall needs to be improved. The main image is a big area of improvement and even if you take a look at the other images we can follow the best practices and improve them. Showcase the selling points basically that would probably help them convert better, especially the second year.

Speaker A: But this is pretty good though. You have the picture of the product, you have the nutritional facts, you have the back panel, you have an oversized product as hero, you have what's included. Like this is pretty good.

Speaker B: No, I think it can be improved even for. Let's talk about the main image for a second. So if you do keyword research you will see there are keywords like healthy snacks which is what it is. So if we could do something, add a sticker or a different way of showcasing the product in the main image that would highlight those keywords that is also going to be readable from the search result. I think it will improve their click through rate.

Speaker A: Okay, so let's do this. So let's do. So what do you. So what are the most important keywords? So should I just say need to revisit. Revisit keyword strategy as seem to be missing some key ones. Okay here. Okay. I just want to take what you're saying. Here. So the key findings is. Seems to be missing some key ones. That is healthy snacks. So need to revisit keyword strategy. Do a keyword poll. Okay, so that's on keywords. Content will be, you know, basics Basic. Basic. Five images are good. Description. Missing keywords. Right.

Speaker B: I think even the five images. For example, the second image, it just shows the nutrition facts. Probably it could highlight the positioning how you want to sell the product. That's. That would probably benefit the product even more. Conversion even more. Right now it's like you really have to zoom in and read, oh, it's a healthy snack. It's not fried. Why do that?

Speaker A: The not fried, they're a bit scared of. Because usually baked don't taste good. But.

Speaker B: Yeah. And also if you review the product, summarize the reviews. It's a common thing. They don't like the test. In many cases, it's not because of the test. They complete stale. So I don't know why that happens so frequently. The stale things are low. Yeah, Their ratings are very low. 3.7.

Speaker A: So it's the stale. Right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So what do we do? Let's say they know they have these stale issues. So what do we do? What do we do with that? I mean, and how do we generate more positives? That's what Clear Coads does, right?

Speaker B: They have all positive reviews.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: With influencers. And that's what William did too, right? William has. William has like 10 million visitor. 10 million reviews. Right. Or like a thousand reviews. I'll show you so I can ask.

Speaker B: I have to talk to him. If. Can you connect me with William, I would love to understand how he launches these products. These are generic products, very hard to scale on Amazon. And you are saying he is doing it just for one and a half years and with a 10 million dollar.

Speaker A: 10 million. Yeah, look, it's because of his 1500 review.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So let's see what he says. So but we have to fix, like, we got to get reviews and generate lots of positive reviews, you know, to bring the margin up, to bring the average up. Now, the US Reviews, if I recall, like, you can port your Canadian and U.S. reviews. Right. So they have 189 here. And. And you can share with the whole family. They have 160. So this is dot ca. They have 166. Let me. How do I. Okay, I want to just move this out of the way. Give me one sec. Okay, so these guys here. Oh, wait, this is the US

Speaker B: this

Speaker A: is the US Why is it coming to. Where's their multi pack.

Speaker B: It's not showing up for some reason in here.

Speaker A: That's not good. Oh, so they're missing their. They're miss. They don't have their.

Speaker B: I thought so too. I thought so too. But. But they do have that. I could find that separately. For some reason it doesn't show on the seller page.

Speaker A: That's crazy. But wait, so now I just did three farmers. Let me go back to. Let me go back here. Okay, okay. So. What's that five pack they have here? Yeah, and they have a five pack too. So it's like way too many skus. And they have a five pack,

Speaker B: So.

Speaker A: Oh, it's a lentil. Oh,

Speaker B: oh, five of wings. Sorry.

Speaker A: Oh, what's this one here? Oh, lentils. How do they have 454 on these?

Speaker B: That's something to understand. I mean, there are some skus. They have a lot more reviews, but they don't sell much right now. So for example, I don't remember which marketplace it was. They have a buy box issue on that. So they don't sell that much right now, but they used to sell a lot before.

Speaker A: So maybe it's just because it's been longer. Like these are lifetime reviews, right?

Speaker B: Yes. But some of them can probably do better if they can resolve their buy box issue.

Speaker A: Okay, what's. Where's the buy. What's the buy box issue?

Speaker B: If you click on any product on the right, you usually see buy now, right? Yeah. If you don't have the buy box, it doesn't show up like that. It just says see all available options. Here you can see the add to cart and buy box options on the right. Please scroll down a little bit. Yeah, you don't get to see these options if. When you lose your buy box.

Speaker A: Okay, so have they lost the buy box?

Speaker B: I don't remember whether in Canada or the U.S. in one of those marketplaces. Yes. Let me actually see what I took note of.

Speaker A: That's. Yeah, that's. That's a big problem.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah. So it was the chickpeas listing in Canada. I'm not sure if it's the same

Speaker A: in the U.S. okay, let me check here. The 306. Yes. They don't have the buy box.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Oh no, they have the buy box.

Speaker B: No, they don't. On the right, you can just see all buying options. Then you have to click on it and then someone can find the option to add to cart and you cannot also.

Speaker A: Is that theirs here?

Speaker B: 17.

Speaker A: Oh my God.

Speaker B: Sold by three farmers Foodin. So now if you lose the buy box, you cannot even advertise. So.

Speaker A: Reviews. So here. So what are the reviews? So there's CA and there's dot com. So CA is 3.7 and dot com is what? How much? Let's put the both. Both of them.

Speaker B: On average for most products it's around 3.7. Different products have different ratings.

Speaker A: Okay, so let's do. You see I'm just kind of organizing things here on the reviews. Seems that they're not combined. So what William was telling me is that he can combine reviews. So for example, on his here this out of the way. I don't know how to move this stupid thing out of the way. This black thing. Do you know how to move the black thing out of the way?

Speaker B: Not sure what you're talking about. I cannot see anything on my screen here.

Speaker A: Hi. Okay, there's a button. Yeah. It's very annoying. So what he was telling me is like this 14:47, he gets on all his products because he the way and he does Canada and the U.S. right. Like this one is mistake. Like I don't know why it's just two. So he's. He's fixing it like look, these we're going to have. So I'm going to ask him but like the whole idea is told me is because there's vitamin in them, they're going to have the same 1447. So.

Speaker B: Well he has done parent listings. So yeah. Okay, let's take a look at the. Click on any of those products where he has 1400 plus reference. You cannot combine everything. It has to be variation and it has to make sense. So let's click on multivitamins. There.

Speaker A: Yep. This one.

Speaker B: Yeah. You will see two variations. One is one pack, another one is two pack. Oh, oh, more than that actually. Okay, so let's take a look at his variations. How many variations are there? Move your cursor a little bit so you can six of them. Okay. So he has combined six of them. I guess he has six different multivitamins. One for kids, one with the green blends. Another one is methylated Stupac. Yes. Combine everything there and they all have the reviews.

Speaker A: Supposedly he was saying one more thing

Speaker B: that you can do is you can combine different variations. Plus you can use the same asin to list in the US and Canada. So that way they will also sync the views between each other. That's how you combine. For example, when you're launching a new product. Let's say what you can, you can do. Let's say you have a one pack and you have two packs or you create three packs, three different SKUs just like that. List it in Canada, listed in the the US participate in the vine program. All three in both marketplaces. Now you can distribute 30 each. That means you can get maximum 30 reviews for each SKUs. So that means six into 31, 80 reviews to start with maximum. You will probably not get that many. 150 reviews at least.

Speaker A: So why has he not done like he said he was doing? This Sohan. But look, he hasn't done it. Maybe it's just in progress. But some of these cues he hasn't done yet.

Speaker B: The images that you see there, those are just virtual bundles. And this one, I'm not sure, maybe different bundles that he has created because

Speaker A: he said he was teaching me this, right? He was saying, look here, there's 1080 because it's the weight loss. The vitamin is 1447. 1447, 1080, that's the same weight loss. 1 0. That's a weight loss. So he combine these two for some reason and then magnesium is just new. Coloscomy is. He's had that for a while. That's weight loss. This is the same. But where are his new ones that we just saw? Look, his new one here, which is a bundle. It doesn't have the one447.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: When he was telling me anyway, I

Speaker B: asked him, yeah, you cannot combine all listings. It has to have some distinct variation theme. Okay, yeah, so we have done very well.

Speaker A: But they can combine because they have like a multi pack that has the three ingredients, right?

Speaker B: Yes, we'll have to review that. And it's not always a good strategy. Not always. So there are drawbacks and there are advantages. We'll have to consider that and then based on. So for example, if you keep SKU separate, you can get more visibility when you're advertising. So if you have that budget to go aggressive on ads and you can keep different SKUs separate and you can get more visibility in the search result. Alternatively, let's say you have gathered enough reviews and now you want to kind of dominate the market and you have gathered enough reviews, basically you don't want to push that much with ads. Then you can combine everything and you can increase the number of reviews that will work in your favor because most people out there don't have that many reviews. So there are disadvantages and advantages of both.

Speaker A: So there's multipack singles, chocolate and oil. So indicated action is revisit. Revisit the budget allocation by category Right. Like, I don't think they have the right strategy on how they're allocating their spend. Like this. This SKU is low priority. It's just they've had it for a long time, but. So I don't know if they need to spend money on these. Like, this is like 1% of their business is the chocolate and they want to fix it. So I don't know if they have the right strategy on the 10 SKUs on how they're spending it. Like, this is way too confusing. Like, I don't know which one to buy. Who are these guys here? They have the word to your point, right? They have the word healthy trail mix pack.

Speaker B: They do.

Speaker A: Okay, so keywords revisit content basic five images can be improved. Store can be improved. Descriptions missing keywords. So you know, audit and scale up improves. The average is low, not combined. And then need to address the reviews. So fix the stale issue and generate lots of positives and combined. So there's kind of three ways to fix it, right? One is actually fix the real product. Two, start pumping out lots of reviews. And then three, combine some of the reviews so you'll automatically get bigger numbers. Is that fair?

Speaker B: Yeah, if we'll see, we'll review that.

Speaker A: That's the possibility on the pages. You know, the snack pack is missing on the store page. There's also.

Speaker B: That's not fixable, by the way. So I don't know if you would want to fix that. Why not mention that? I mean, it's first of all not that important. Just because you're clicking on the store page, no one goes there. Brand. Store is the important part. So it's not the storefront where it's missing that. That's why I wrapped.

Speaker A: Where's the brand store.

Speaker B: If you click on the brand name, for example here, Nature's garden. Click on that. Yeah, visit Nature's garden.

Speaker A: Right, Sorry.

Speaker B: That's fine.

Speaker A: Let me go back.

Speaker B: Click on any product. Click on any product. And then right before the below the title, you'll see visit. Yeah, click there.

Speaker A: But I thought you said it's not. Okay, this is important. Okay, storefront's important. But what did I say? That's what I was saying. I was saying store page.

Speaker B: I'm not sure if it is missing. There is different seller page. It's missing on the seller page. That's different.

Speaker A: Okay, so what's this called that we just looked at this.

Speaker B: This is storefront.

Speaker A: Isn't storefront important?

Speaker B: It is very important. But what you mentioned there is not this page. You mentioned seller page. That's a different page.

Speaker A: Okay, where's seller page?

Speaker B: If you click on the go to the buy box and click on sold Buy.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: This is basically the seller page. And then click on.

Speaker A: Yeah, okay, so what I meant to type here is seller page. No, the brand store page.

Speaker B: Is it missing though? I don't know.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's what we just looked at. So this is the brand store page, right? This one here?

Speaker B: Click there.

Speaker A: Yes. Store. Brand store missing in the U.S. it was missing. Yeah,

Speaker B: you can check the. At least it's missing in the homepage. Whereas it should be in the homepage, right? For sure. It should be shown in the homepage.

Speaker A: Well, the brand store page starts with lentils.

Speaker B: Hmm.

Speaker A: That's her. That's the two sisters. So there's a few issues here. So brand. Store page. You're. You know

Speaker B: the variety snack pack.

Speaker A: Yeah, the snack pack is missing. And then the order is not in the best priority. Is in the right priority. And then we're missing best sellers. Right? Why. Why would we not have best sellers?

Speaker B: Exactly. Yeah.

Speaker A: Like where's. So where would I put that? So what do I call that? I'll call that strategy. So one is best sellers are not called out. 10 SKS are is too many. It's hard to know what to buy. And then the snack packs missing on store Brand store page. And then ad spend advertising span may not be aligned with bestsellers. So that's like a summary. So let me. So let's put something else here. The motivation behind three Farmers really stemmed from this idea that we wanted to bridge that gap between farmers.

Speaker B: I don't think many people will watch the video. That's another thing. So there are ways of using video on the store fridge that will automatically play. So those are all the things we can discuss about later on. Of course, those are implementations that you have to work on.

Speaker A: Okay, so this is just like a summary. Okay, so there's a few things missing there. So let's look at your Here.

Speaker B: Basically the way they have presented the story, brand story in the A content, no one will take the time to read it. It's not easy to skim through. So we have to work on the imageries. Even in the A content, it's not missing really. It's there, but it's not easy to skip through.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you see, I. I just organized the stuff

Speaker B: and this is what you wanted me to do.

Speaker A: Yep. That's okay. We're doing now so. But you can come up with a template like this Right. Like you'll all send you this and then for all your clients you should use the same template. Especially if we work together. So did we put this one. Introduce the 30 pack? Did we put that? We said because we found it. Right. So where did.

Speaker B: It's there, it's there. It's fine. I just thought that back then I thought it's not there.

Speaker A: But. Okay, so it showed up here. It's sponsored, so it shows up in sponsors. But how come we don't see it in non sponsored? Can you change that?

Speaker B: That is actually surprising. We'll have to look into that.

Speaker A: Yeah,

Speaker B: yeah. This is not good.

Speaker A: Okay, so this is good. It'll make me look smart and then the goal is I look smart and then you look smart. So. Okay. So. Okay, so here we need a chart on the roas. We need. Do you have a. Here we need a scorecard. So let's look at. Let's look at the scorecards they gave me because we need like more. A little bit more metrics on. So the variety pack is with selling the most.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: What the heck? Why are they. What is this? T W what's this? 170. Oh, that's the. That's the. The ratings. What's this 170 here?

Speaker B: Units. Number of units, I think.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So this is their variety.

Speaker B: It's like eight week and 12 weeks. Is that okay?

Speaker A: Yeah. So that's their variety pack basically is selling. What's the difference between.

Speaker B: This one does the fava beans and lentils.

Speaker A: So this one is 3 times 5 ounce lentils. How the heck is that selling that much? That's crazy. So the lentils is selling that much. Lentils are like a total waste. Like I miss that. They're like, they're tiny little. This is the big seller. So these results, they're saying that this guy is selling the most.

Speaker B: Looks like that. Can you take a look at the other tabs? I mean did they give the actual report that you get to download?

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: Okay, Skus, this is going to be helpful

Speaker A: here. How the heck is lentils? Oh wait. Okay wait, let's go back to this. So this said lentils is 170.

Speaker B: 2 months and 3 months cells.

Speaker A: Yeah. And fava beans is 33 and the oil is 46. Lentils like these little lentils are like they're miniature. It's kind of like eating sunflower seed. The fava bean has the most potential but it's less known. And then this.

Speaker B: How come it's selling so low? What the heck like, there's a problem with that. That's the Parity Pack in the us, Right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So there's something wrong with this one. Whereas the most potential is with this product.

Speaker A: Yeah. So where is. Like, where's the report? You know, the.

Speaker B: No, it's there. I mean, the Excel, that's the one, right?

Speaker A: No, where is it?

Speaker B: Okay, the last one, 19.

Speaker A: Last one 19.

Speaker B: Yeah. In the u.s. So we need to solve that serious problem.

Speaker A: That's crazy, because that's the most popular SKU. Like, why does it have only 19 sales with 164 reviews? And the biggest seller here is lentil. But that's. That's crazy. Those lentils are not pleasant. Like, so where are these lentils? This thing here, right?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: It's because of the 454. That's kind of how it works, Right? That's why William has found a way to buy reviews. Like, look, you know, like, these are really not fun. They're miniature. It's like little sunflower seeds, the fava and the chickpeas. Wow. Okay, so let's just do chickpeas. Chickpeas snack. Okay, so how do they rank in chickpea snack? Why are they not showing up in chickpea snack?

Speaker B: First of all, I'm not sure if that's a popular keyword. We'll have to see that. Right? And if it is a popular one, of course a relevant one, then we'll have to take a look at their SEO.

Speaker A: Yeah, but it is like, it's their product, right? Like. Like it. Like that's what they are. Like, like that's crazy.

Speaker B: A chickpea snack. That's what you wanted to want me to check, right? Let's see the search volume right now. Chickpea snacks. It's like 252 searches a month. Yeah, of course they don't show up. They don't show up. They should.

Speaker A: Yeah, but that's bad. Like, that's their. Their key. Baked Snacked. Baked snacks. How would. What's the number of searches for baked snacks?

Speaker B: Let's see.

Speaker A: Do you have a different app to check that?

Speaker B: Heliumton. Pardon? Helium 10.

Speaker A: Text it to me. Okay, so there are a lot of searches for baked snacks.

Speaker B: S697.

Speaker A: Salty snacks is how much?

Speaker B: One second. Helium 10 is the tool. You know about helium 10 already? Salty snacks. Let's see.

Speaker A: Charlie, Charlie. Hey.

Speaker B: 4224.

Speaker A: Okay, so in salty snacks. So in salty snacks, there's how much? How much?

Speaker B: 4,000. 4,224.

Speaker A: And then chickpea Snacks.

Speaker B: That was very low. One second.

Speaker A: 262.

Speaker B: 262.

Speaker A: Yeah, but these guys here are advertising. These guys here are advertising.

Speaker B: Oh, wait. Chickpea Snacks is way more. Actually, I don't know what I typed exactly. It's 5463.

Speaker A: What?

Speaker B: Five thousand. Yeah, 5463.

Speaker A: And that's what period.

Speaker B: What do you mean?

Speaker A: What period are you giving me the data for?

Speaker B: It's for a month.

Speaker A: So salty snacks is 4234 and chickpea snacks is 5.

Speaker B: This is the spelling. Yeah, look at the chat. Chickpea Snacks. That's the one that I search for. So it's like chickpea together and snacks. Sorry. Okay, let me send it to you on.

Speaker A: It's okay. It's okay.

Speaker B: Here.

Speaker A: It's okay. Okay. It's okay. It's okay.

Speaker B: Got.

Speaker A: Oh, helium. 10. Okay. Yeah, But that's crazy. Like. And then. But in Salty Snacks, these guys are buying Salty Snacks. So let's do. So the buy. So who bought Salty Snack is this guy. So these guys bought Salty Snack, and then let's do Chickpea Snacks. So that's in the U.S. so these guys bought Salty Snacks right up here. That's a purchase, right?

Speaker B: For now. Yes, for now. They're winning the position for now.

Speaker A: Well, they're. They're buying it, right?

Speaker B: Well, they're bidding for it. It's not.

Speaker A: They're bidding for it. Yeah, yeah. And then here it's Kibo. So in Canada, it's Kibo. And in the US it's these other guys. Right.

Speaker B: It's also in the US For Chickpea Snacks.

Speaker A: Oh, it's the same brand.

Speaker B: No, I mean, it's also in the U.S. you search for it in the U.S. right now.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, I searched us.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, So the Buy Snack. Just to summarize, the Buy Snack is being won in the US by whatever this brand is. And the Chickpea snack in the US which has 5,000 whatever things. Are these numbers US or Canada?

Speaker B: Both.

Speaker A: US okay, so give me the Canada numbers, please.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: I had an hour and a half with this Peruvian guy yesterday. He brings in. He brings in the cacao from Peru, and he knows my man guy.

Speaker B: Okay. Chickpea Snacks in Canada, it's not good. It's just showing 10 for chickpea snacks. Yeah, it's not good in Canada. And Salty Snacks, Right?

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: Salty snacks is 475.

Speaker A: Okay. And can you do a Puff snacks. Puffed snacks.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Like puffed.

Speaker B: Yes. In Canada I cannot find any puffed snacks. It's like puffed rice snack, corn snack, cheese snack. All those things are there, but not many search volume in Canada. So I'll just do the U.S. So puff snacks, that itself is 583 in the U.S. okay.

Speaker A: And Canada is zero.

Speaker B: It was

Speaker A: another. What's another like snack that people search for?

Speaker B: Healthy snacks. Healthy snacks.

Speaker A: Yeah, healthy snacks. Okay, give me healthy snacks.

Speaker B: It's 16, 908 in Canada.

Speaker A: Okay, wait,

Speaker B: snack box is one.

Speaker A: Okay, wait. Healthy snacks in Canada is how much?

Speaker B: 16,908.

Speaker A: And in the U.S. okay, let me check.

Speaker B: 79,101. Okay. So there are some more interesting keywords if you want me to introduce.

Speaker A: Yeah, just two more minutes. Tell me a couple more. Yep, go ahead.

Speaker B: Snack box.

Speaker A: Snack box. Okay, what's the numbers?

Speaker B: 111,629.

Speaker A: Okay. And Canada?

Speaker B: 27,008.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Snacks for adults.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: 18,968 in Canada. Okay. Okay, let me check that snack. For adults. It's 23,487 in the U.S. that's so interesting.

Speaker A: Like because the U.S. is 10 times bigger. How come these, these numbers are not 10 times bigger?

Speaker B: This one is the same question people ask, but it's also very competitive compared to if it is 10 times bigger. Probably 20 times more competitive. Yes, but we can do better. Of course.

Speaker A: So let's go healthy snack. But it's interesting that it's not 10 times bigger. So, so let's do healthy snack and take a picture of that.

Speaker B: Quest Nutrition.

Speaker A: So Quest, the billion dollar Quest brand is doing that. Okay, so this is good. This is enough so far. So the goal is to get you the contract and I'm going to find out who their Amazon person is. But based on my little summary here, I'm going to recommend they pay you to do like to, to hire you and we'd start with an audit. So if they wanna search. So if they want to hire you. Okay. I was gonna do the scorecard. Wait, let's do the scorecard. And then. So this doesn't make sense. Like the, the lentils doesn't make sense that it's that big like compared to. Yeah. So In Canada it's 1000 for the variety pack and nothing for the rest. Right. Why is there only five SKUs here but there's ten on the thing?

Speaker B: Well, there are 10 SKUs. We'll have to match which ones they have recorded here.

Speaker A: Okay, so you see there's A huge difference with Canada and the U.S. right. Like, okay, so scorecard. Do they have an actual scorecard then? Let me see. Where's their spending? Don't they have like a card?

Speaker B: This is just a business report, nothing else.

Speaker A: Okay, so they don't have an actual scorecard. So what are the things that we like to see on a scorecard? We like to see units, revenue, promo, marketing span. Like, can we. Can you read repeats? Like repeated sales, like on Shopify? Can you do that on Amazon?

Speaker B: We can, yes, but it's not a very straightforward process. But I can do that.

Speaker A: Okay, what else is worth. Reviews? And then it's total brand and by sku. Right. Okay, wait, we have to have. Where's the time period? Let me think. How do you usually do your scorecards?

Speaker B: Well, I don't. What do you mean by scorecard? Is it like assigning a score?

Speaker A: No, a scorecard is kind of the word that's used to mean, like a summary usually for executives, for boards. Like, it's just kind of the word that's used to say, like, I don't want all the details. I just want the brand health scorecards. And they call a lot of places. Like, it's just a word that says. So let me just think with Matt last year. Okay, here, let me show you. We had one, but then I'll show you the old one. Let's relook at it. So the new one he did is just the one I showed you better chocolates. But the old scorecard was this one, I think.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Ah.

Speaker A: Oh, I don't know what this is. Oh, yeah, that's the one I have for Shopify. So this is the one I have for Shopify. So it has like every week, like every week sales. Like so. Because we're tracking it every week. So every week it had this. So it's by week. But let me show you. Matt did one on Amazon, so let's. Let me show you the Amazon. Here. This one. Let's see. Yeah, yeah. So this is his scorecard.

Speaker B: This is. Okay, this is Basically all the KPIs there, the revenue and everything there.

Speaker A: Yeah, so we're missing that. Like, do you do those?

Speaker B: I have to look into what he did. Exactly. I can definitely do this, but I don't have a system in place. What I do is it's a dump.

Speaker A: It's just a. It's a dump. He just does a product dump. Like, it literally takes him five minutes to run this. Okay, so here I'll.

Speaker B: Is this something I Can get.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, here.

Speaker B: Okay, thank you.

Speaker A: So he does a dump and then his new scorecard is the one you saw. So. But let me download it also the new one. This is the Facebook one, but it's, it's. We don't need that one. I'm going to use a different Facebook guy. So this is the new one he did where it was more like this. Right? Like I want to see month one, month two. So if we work together it's kind of like look like how much am I going to sell every month? So it's similar to his, but I have both the dollars and the units. But it's similar to like, I mean he did this. It's just. This is not a dump. Like he's, you know, more used to a dump, a data dump. I'm going to send them here. So you have it.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Okay, so that's enough for now because I'm way late also, so I have enough to basically, you know, So I have.

Speaker B: Oops.

Speaker A: Okay, so I have like three pages, so that's good. And then I'll do some stuff on Shopify, so I'm good. So I'm recommending to, you know, get an audit and realign on strategies and like, which includes the keywords, etc. Actually let me just change the order insert. I always start like top of the funnel. Okay. So strategy keywords, blah, blah, blah. So I'm meeting for two hours with the ecom person. So I don't know if she does this or who her consultant is, but I think we have enough here to get you a contract. So approximately, let's say I'm successful. I think it's Wednesday to get you a contract with that, we'll have a call, etc. But what are you thinking? How would it work? Approximately? Because I just want to kind of tell her approximately what it would look like.

Speaker B: Like the price.

Speaker A: Yeah, well, how it would go about like so big picture you would. She would hire you for like the audit and then like a three month integration or something. A three month test, something like that. Like what's kind of a re. Like a way if, if they are hiring you, what's the ideal scenario for it to be a win win.

Speaker B: Okay, so first of all the audit will be there and then I'll be presenting a plan of action. Basically. Basically this is a sequence we are going to work on. I can see content being one of the priorities. We cannot do everything at the same time. Right. Content being one priorities for certain products. And then we'll Start working on the ads and fixing some of the roadblocks. For example, solving the vanity pack issue in the US this is going to be the first few things we're going to work on in both marketplaces. Now, pricing wise, it will be for ads and the content. Right. So content will be part listing basis and ads will be something that I showed you. I'll have to reconsider that. I mean what exactly it will be for them? But we can.

Speaker A: What is it? Is it like 2,000amonth or something like that? Or 4,000amonth? Like what's the kind of the.

Speaker B: For ads? Let's talk about that.

Speaker A: The engagement, because I'll have her.

Speaker B: Will it be solely a retainer, fixed retainer, or will they be okay with a commission?

Speaker A: Probably combination. But just be ready to reply to what it. Like I'm going to come out of the meeting and she's going to ask for a proposal from you. So I'm just trying to get you to put on paper what you propose. The proposal is given you've seen the account.

Speaker B: Yes. I will say something around. If it is retainer, fixed retainer for ads, it will be something like 2500 for both accounts, both marketplaces.

Speaker A: And would it go down? Because you're going to have a lot of work to do in the short term. So why don't, why don't you do like the first three months a higher amount and then you go down. Because isn't the idea that you're going to do more hours of work to fix everything at first, so your fees should be higher at first and then go down? Because it's logical, like it's not logical if it doesn't do that. So think about, just think about it. But it should be like the first three months will be blank per month and then after that the next three months is going to be growing the revenue. Like and you know, while the next nine months is going to be growing the revenue. So just think about like there's more work to be done in the first three months. So the, the, the, the, your fees have to be higher in the first three than the next three.

Speaker B: Okay, how about I do it this way? If it is a fixed pricing, then I'll do it this way. Like the way you are talking about right now, more work. So I'll charge more if it is commission based. Probably I wouldn't do that. Right. So I'll create a different pricing model for that. Is that something that. Yeah.

Speaker A: Do a little chart. Do a little chart. Do a little chart. Where it's three months and then the next six months. Okay, three and six. And then do you know 100% retainer. A hundred percent? Well, commission. You have to. Well, 100 commission, but you have to charge for listing work.

Speaker B: So.

Speaker A: Jen, there's two, and then a hybrid.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Do a little chart.

Speaker B: Sure, I'll do that.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. I have to go. But I have to go. The. Because it went way longer. The. But this is good work, so I'll bug you a little bit. You have access to my results, right? With the testing, I gave you access. So just like. It's not for right now, but I'm gonna need listings going live in January, end of January. So how long does it take to get listings live once you have the UPCs and stuff? Like, two, three weeks.

Speaker B: Is your account created?

Speaker A: No.

Speaker B: Okay, so in that case, we'll need to go through some initial setup phases. It may end up taking. It may happen even within a week, but may end up taking even two weeks. Right. So once that's done, listing is immediate, instant.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay, well, like maybe we do it over Christmas. Maybe I do the account set up, like, next week when I'm back.

Speaker B: Okay. All right.

Speaker A: Okay. All right. Have a good Sunday.

Speaker B: Yeah, you as well. Bye now.

Speaker A: Okay, bye.

