Transcript for: Recording__819.mp4
Title: Recording #819
============================================================

I mean, I took a look at schwa. That's the only thing that I took a look at. I was going through some examples, and yeah, it's something. It's probably the most difficult one for me. Yeah, schwa is very difficult because it's not just a sound. It also has to do with stress. And then there are other words that bounce in between. Don't worry. Schwa is the most difficult for, I think, like 90% of my students. And it's also difficult because it's so important. It's. It like every third word. So no stress there. Schwa is definitely painful for everyone. How are you practicing schwa? I was just going through the examples on the practice sheet. That's. Yeah. All right. Yeah. So I want you to go ahead, review short vowels, all of them, schwa included. But instead of just reviewing the examples. So go ahead and review the examples and then try to find some real life practices that you could do, whether that's a reading or listening or something like that. Especially with schwa. We went through all the practices at the very beginning. The music practice, the reading practice, the practice I sent, where it's one word at a time, that online practice. So try to. You could actually use that for every single type of vowel. Let me try to pull it up. Do you remember the one I'm talking about where it's a random word generator? Yes. You gave me a link. Yeah, yeah. Do you still have the link? I can find it. You're like, it's somewhere hidden. Well, the good news on that one is that you can use that link for every single sound. So it is meant to be a word stress practice, but you can use it on everything. So, for example, we were talking about how to use it with stress, which of course is a wonderful way to use it, but you could use it on any vowel as well. So, for example, You could try to find the schwa here, but you could also try to guess what any single sound is. So, for example, how do you say this word? I would say flexibility. Yeah. So let's start with one. Do you hear a schwa? Well, that I after flex could be schwa in the second syllable. Yeah, Flex ability, Flexibility. All right, so your guess is that the second syllable. Hashwa. All right. Where would. Would you guess the main stress is in this word. That's a good one. Flexibility. So if you really stress this word, so say it either as a song or like you're really angry. Flexibility. Yeah. So what are you stressing? Flex. Yeah. So primary stress on flex yes. Do you think schwa is here? Primary stress is here. What vowel do you think is happening in the primary stress? But we know it's a short vowel. But which one? Yes, it's a short E. All right, awesome. Let's check. Yes. So that's a short E and we have a couple of short U's there. Okay. Okay. Short U's. Yeah, so you guessed that one right. So that's a good way to practice. Just so there's no short. So that one was short U. And if you remember the. What was the one difference between short you and schwa? Oh, so short U was stressed. A bit more stressed. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So you could go through here and try to guess which vowel is being used in the primary stress. Which vowel is being used if you know if there's a schwa as well. So that's one way to practice short vowels. You can also do a general reading and try to keep an ear out for one vowel at a time. Be like, I'm going to try to read this article, listen for short E. You can have a conversation with someone and try to listen for the short A's. Whatever it is. Just try to get a couple practices where it's not just sitting down looking at Accent Advisor. And the reason for that is one, it's good to have diversity of practice. So just sitting there and reading words on the screen is helpful to know, know the patterns of the sound, where to find it, how it goes, things like that. But it doesn't really get your ears working, which is very important when it comes to language. And two, it kind of gets a lot of people into the habit of you're sitting down looking at Accent Advisor and then you close or you just turn the computer off and your brain turns off. Yeah. So try to get some other practices. You know, whether it's something we've gone over like a reading a sound, the exercise we just looked at, something like that or something else that works for you. But try to get a couple. So review the short vowels, schwa included, Schwa especially. And. In a real world way, once you've done that, if you can let me know where you are with the vowels. Uh huh. Okay. And what I mean by that is just let me know. Okay, I've gone over this. I still really want to go over schwa practice. I feel really comfortable with short I and short E. Those ones are perfect. And then that way when I put the review together, I know which ones you'd like to focus on. Yes. Short I and short E. For some reason, I was struggling with those two a lot. But then those are the two I get the most. And I feel like I also implement them these days to some extent. What do you mean, implement them? Like, when I try to speak, I'm mindful that, okay, this is where I have to pronounce short E. And this is already short I. I also notice that a lot when people speak. Yeah. But for the others. So those are ones that you're kind of definitely aware of. Yeah. So did you look at the Shore. Ian Shore I comparison chart or the comparison sheet? Sorry, No, I can go ahead. I'll share all the comparisons with you. So you had short I, E and I. But I'll share the rest with you in case something comes up. I definitely encourage you to look at that then, just as a review. It talks about the difference between the two sounds, and it has some words that compare there. And definitely let me know, you know, send me a message before next class so that in the next class or the class after, I can whip together a review. Kind of knowing what you'd like to work on. Yeah. So go ahead and let me know for today, though, since you know, there's not the review, because I'd like to see where you are first. I'd like to go over something called the World of Tea. Okay, so I probably have mentioned this, but he does a lot in English. It does too much. It works too hard. It just. It's never itself, all that fun stuff. So we have something called the true T. But then Tea also does a bunch of other things. The main thing that happens with people who are learning English is they learn. There's the T sound, T, and then they make the T sound for everything. Even though American speakers, British speakers do this, too, but in different ways. Every native speaker does it to some degree in some arrangement. We don't actually use true T very much. We use either a flap or glottal or silent or et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So many different things. So we're going to start going through that as well. I sent you something called World of T. Yeah, go ahead and open that. And whenever you're ready, please start recording yourself and read these beautiful sentences. Okay. There's a party next door, so my grandma is threatening to call the cops. He can't eat a hearty breakfast before going out. He's so. He's too busy. It's true. My sister turns 40 this year. Yeah, I just turned 30 last week. The written services offered as a courtesy the casket held his mortal remains. The company chartered a jet for the trip. The lizard is turning back and forth in the garden. You can't fortify your immune system without vitamin C. These tight shoes don't fit my feet. I took the liberty of making you an appointment. A street artist drew my caricature. My son isn't the smartest kid I know, but okay. She planned straight daily. We mustn't. That was bad. Listen to the lies that were being spread. My American chestnut table was given to me by my mother. The theater was bustling with excited moviegoers. I could hear the puppies rustling in their kennel. A garter used to be a common article of clothing. The saint was a martyr in the top century. The reporter asked me many questions, but I had forgotten some answers. A tortoise slowly ambled across the road. Next page. Oh, you have more. Okay. These trainer shoes don't look good to wear to work. I need one more quarter to pay this parking meter. The car started right up after we charged the battery. Since she had no cash, she resorted to using a credit card. All right, perfect. All right, real quick. Not really related to T, but. How did you say this word? Vitamin. Yes, I think you said it. Vitamin. Yeah, vitamin. How dare you. That is the British way. So. Yeah, just be careful of that. Yeah. Vitamin is what they take overseas. In America, we take vitamins. I'm not sure what they take in Canada. Okay. I was not sure about that. I mean, I just thought that those are two ways of pronouncing it. Yeah, I don't know. I know in Canada, it's mostly akin to American English in most regions, but sometimes they still have that little sprinkle. So I would just maybe go to a drugstore and ask them how to say it. I don't know. However, you will go ahead and double check on that. Just know that it's a very distinct dialect thing there. Okay. Okay. All right. Okay. So I want to go ahead and X out of that. And I want to go over what a true T actually is now that you've read about it a little bit. Yeah. So I want you to go ahead and open American Tea worksheet. Oh, American tea. Yes. Let's see. Worksheet. All right. Yep, I'm there. All right, so since you don't really have, like, an issue with tea itself, I'm not going to have you grudge through all of this, but I want to skip to the second page very quickly. Yep. Now, before we get into it too much, when you make the T sound. What do you feel is happening? There are different ways we pronounce T based on the words. I'm not sure if it depends on the position. I feel sometimes, for example, D. I mean, I'm not sure if I'm even making the T sound here. It's like th. No, it's not even T. Sorry. I just feel that there are differences. Yeah. Th is its own situation. Yeah. When I was reading, I thought that I was pronouncing T sometimes a little bit. Not like T, just this sound or sometimes a bit more stressed. I feel that's. That's what I was doing, but I'm not. I don't know. Yeah, yeah. So you were probably catching on a little bit to maybe like a flap or a glottal. So for example, in the word water, we don't say water. You're probably catching on to things like that. But there are times when we use an actual true T. You can see it on the next page with these examples. Uh huh. Okay. So all of these will be the true T, which is the T that you learned. The T. T attacked. Okay. So for example, attack. Talk. Torture. All the. Okay, okay. Go ahead and read the first two lines. And as you're reading, pay attention. What is your tongue doing to make this sound? Because the tongue is the most important part. So your tongue is going to have movement. It's going to touch another part of your mouth. And I just want you to kind of read this and then break down for me what is happening with all of these? Okay. Attack. Can I just say what I observe by. By now? So the tongue, the tip of the tongue is touching, Touching the upper pellet in the front and then lowering kind of. Yeah. So careful. If you say like the upper palate, the upper palate's usually back here. Up here. It's the alveolar ridge, that little bump. Alveolar ridge. Yes. Yes. Is it touching your teeth at all? No. Good. I've had a lot of students lately where they say it's touching their teeth, so it's not meant to. That's good. Okay, go ahead and read the first two. And as you do, pay attention to the whole movement and then break it down for me a little bit more after. Okay, so you got it right. It touches the alveolar ridge. Go ahead and read. Talk. Torture. Retain. Tan. Torn. Until to. Tornado. Toll. Rest. Egypt. Okay, two lines. Rest. When it's in the end, it's different for me. Rest. And also I feel when I pronounce it's not just this sound. I don't know if it is the right way. Talk. Like, you see, it's talk and talk. I just feel there's a difference that I make between the beginning and the end of the word. Well, even when it's in the beginning. For example, torture. Here I just pronounce the true like just the t. But I feel like sometimes I stress it too much and pronounce it like th. So talk. Tan, not tan. Tan. Do you understand the difference? Sort of, yes. I know what I'm hearing. I. I have heard this once in a while. I'm not exactly sure what the pattern is for you, but it's definitely part of your accent. Usually in a situation like this. Attack, talk, torture, retain, tan, torn until to, tornado, tall, rest, Egypt. Can you hear a difference with mine? You might hear a slight difference at the beginning and the end, but we'll go for that. But overall, can you hear a difference in the sound itself? It's probably more noticeable at the beginning. Yeah. Than at the end, but overall it's the same sound. Well, what I see is it's like that hand that. That stress is there. It's not like tan. Right. It's. It's. It's a bit different from that. How you pronounce it, the one at the end or the what? No way. You're saying. Let's listen. Let's say you're trying to pronounce ta. And how do you pronounce Is that if I'm pronouncing what T a N, Tan, Tan. Yes. So it sounds like T H a n almost to me. If it was a th, it would be than okay. But there's. It's not like tan. You are pronouncing it differently in a different way than that. Right. Would you not agree, Dan? Compared to all the others, yes. So where exactly is your tongue going? This is why I'm trying to have you break down the movement. Well, the thing is, I also do it that way once in a while. Like. Like the way you do it. That's how at least I feel. I don't know what you thought when I. Yeah. So like I said, what I'm hearing is that you do have the true T that you say, but sometimes you do say a little bit. Almost like a D sound and a little bit deeper. So more like down or something like that. Which, like I said, I'm not really sure of what the pattern is for you, but I definitely have heard it. So we're trying. I'm trying to have you describe exactly what's happening. 1. I want you to see if you notice a difference. Maybe one time it goes to the alveolar ridge. Maybe one time it's a little bit quicker, slower. Maybe it's at a different place. So I'm trying to get it nice and even so that you notice. Okay. Are you pronouncing it differently with each one? That's what I mean when I say break down the. Okay, so I'm trying to see if you notice a difference so that we can see if you. For example, you say half of them with the true T, and you say half of them the other way, trying to see if there's a difference there. So that's one reason I have you break down what you're doing. Because if there is a difference, I want you to notice it for yourself. Because if you notice it for yourself, you're going to remember it way better than if I just sit here and talk at you. So that's one reason I have you try to peek by yourself. So you do say it, for example, in tan. Tan. Yeah. What is the movement going on compared to when you say it with what you recognize as a true T? Okay, so I don't pronounce tan like this. I pronounce this tan that. I don't know if I'm making any difference between these two pronunciations. Tan. That's how I pronounce it. So I think that's the. That's actually how I'm supposed to pronounce it, too. Where is your tongue when you say it? Tan. It's ovular ridge. And then it's just moving below. Tan. Tan. So where is it? At the front or the back? Front. Like almost near the teeth, but not there. Yeah. Tan. So I want you to be careful there. Put your hand here. We've talked about voicing, right? No. So voicing means that you're using your vocal cords. Sometimes with some sounds, you'll use your vocal cords, sometimes you won't. Voiced, you use your vocal cords. Voiceless, you do not. So with voiced sound, you'll have your vocal cords moving. Voiceless, you will feel nothing. T is a voiceless sound. The vocal cords do not move. But before we get into that, it might be easier to compare a sound that is a little bit more straightforward. So s. If you put your hand here and you make the S sound, Can you feel anything? Try making a Z sound. Yeah. It's like vibrating. Yeah? Yes. So no vibration with S. But there is with Z. S is voiceless. Z is voiced. That's what that is. But if you notice, you could actually alternate between S and Z without moving anything in your mouth. So, like, And the only difference is your vocal cords. So go ahead and try doing that. Okay. Right now? Yes. Like, just add it. Yeah. If you notice there's no change in your mouth. Yes, yes, yes. Yeah. Okay. Z and S are a voiced and voiceless pair. So what that means is the same exact thing happens up here. This is the only difference. Same is happening with T and D. Okay. In some languages, though, there are different levels of voicing. English only has yes and no. Very distinct voicing, or absolutely none. But some languages have in between, like, slight voicing, super voiced, not voiced. Like, okay. Different levels. Try to pronounce T the same way. So, like, just here, try to pronounce with the true T a little bit. I can see a little bit movement, not vibration necessarily. Yeah, movement is fine because your throat muscles are still going to move. As long as there's no vibration, there's still vocal cords. But now make a D sound. D. How do you pronounce a D sound? Like D, T and D voiced and voiceless. If you notice, the D is doing the same exact thing as you're supposed to do with the T. Okay. The reason I'm pointing that out is because sometimes I think you're slightly voiced through the T. So it's not so much where you're making it into a D, but it's not a true American tea. So some places in India, they have that level. Really? Yes. Where maybe voicing isn't as distinct or it's. It's perceived a different way. So make sure one, that you're doing the true tea where it's not voiced. But also we also have something called aspiration. Have you heard of aspiration? Aspiration just means that air comes out of your mouth. That's the fancy term for air coming out of your mouth. You make the T sound. You hold your hand, you hear T, T, T, T, T. Like what happens in aspiration? Air comes out of your mouth. You'll be able to feel a puff of air. Yes, it happens. Yeah. Yes. So the pop of air, the voicing, those can both really change the sound, even if you're doing the exact same thing with your tongue. Basically, what I'm saying is that you have to be aware of both of those when you make the trc sound. If you want to review this, you could go ahead and look at the first page. Sure. So I definitely recommend looking at the first Page Okay. For review. Okay. Yes, I will do that. Yes. All right. So that's what's happening there. So helpful for you to practice the true tea by itself. Look at the first page for review. Practice the true tea. So that would be tan, talk, torture, retain, torn, things like that. Because I think sometimes you're slightly changing the voicing, slightly changing the aspiration, and even though the tongue might be going to the same place, you're still getting different results. So what happens when the aspiration is different? What does it sound like? So that is actually something you might notice when I have T at the beginning and end of my word. For example, if I say talk, torture, tan versus rest in Egypt. So can you hear the difference between those T's? Yes. When any aspirated sound is at the beginning of the word, it's like really aspirated, but as you get closer to the end, and once you reach the end, barely have any air left. So it's very lightly aspirated. But if I make a very lightly aspirated T at the beginning of the word, like tan. Exactly. That's what I was saying. Totally wrong. Yes. Okay. So if you don't aspirate enough and you change the voicing, you have a totally new sound. My tongue was doing the exact same thing. Yes. Yes. Okay. Yeah. So you probably will notice, like I said, tan and rest are totally different. It's all about the aspiration. Same exact sound, just changing how much air you have coming out. So I definitely recommend kind of playing around without voicing. You could sit there and go. But you could also just even feel the air. So you could sit here, go talk, torture, tan, rest, Egypt, and literally feel the difference with your hand. So I recommend playing around with that. We're gonna review T a little bit more next time. Yes. But we're also going to start talking about. We're gonna start getting into what he does, how it changes, all that fun stuff. Whenever you are able to send me, like I said, the review on short vowels, what you looked at, what you'd like to work on more, what you feel comfortable with, etc, and then I'll put a review together for that, and then we'll start moving on to long vowels. Yeah. And T, because those are the next two that are. Would be very helpful for you, I think. Got it. Got it. Okay. All right. Any questions?

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: I mean, I took a look at schwa. That's the only thing that I took a look at. I was going through some examples, and yeah, it's something. It's probably the most difficult one for me.

Speaker B: Yeah, schwa is very difficult because it's not just a sound. It also has to do with stress. And then there are other words that bounce in between. Don't worry. Schwa is the most difficult for, I think, like 90% of my students. And it's also difficult because it's so important. It's. It like every third word. So no stress there. Schwa is definitely painful for everyone. How are you practicing schwa?

Speaker A: I was just going through the examples on the practice sheet. That's.

Speaker B: Yeah. All right. Yeah. So I want you to go ahead, review short vowels, all of them, schwa included. But instead of just reviewing the examples. So go ahead and review the examples and then try to find some real life practices that you could do, whether that's a reading or listening or something like that. Especially with schwa. We went through all the practices at the very beginning. The music practice, the reading practice, the practice I sent, where it's one word at a time, that online practice. So try to. You could actually use that for every single type of vowel. Let me try to pull it up. Do you remember the one I'm talking about where it's a random word generator?

Speaker A: Yes. You gave me a link.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Do you still have the link?

Speaker A: I can find it.

Speaker B: You're like, it's somewhere hidden. Well, the good news on that one is that you can use that link for every single sound. So it is meant to be a word stress practice, but you can use it on everything. So, for example, we were talking about how to use it with stress, which of course is a wonderful way to use it, but you could use it on any vowel as well. So, for example, You could try to find the schwa here, but you could also try to guess what any single sound is. So, for example, how do you say this word?

Speaker A: I would say flexibility.

Speaker B: Yeah. So let's start with one. Do you hear a schwa?

Speaker A: Well, that I after flex could be

Speaker B: schwa in the second syllable.

Speaker A: Yeah, Flex ability, Flexibility.

Speaker B: All right, so your guess is that the second syllable. Hashwa. All right. Where would. Would you guess the main stress is in this word.

Speaker A: That's a good one. Flexibility.

Speaker B: So if you really stress this word, so say it either as a song or like you're really angry.

Speaker A: Flexibility.

Speaker B: Yeah. So what are you stressing?

Speaker A: Flex.

Speaker B: Yeah. So primary stress on flex yes. Do you think schwa is here? Primary stress is here. What vowel do you think is happening in the primary stress? But we know it's a short vowel. But which one?

Speaker A: Yes, it's a short E. All right, awesome.

Speaker B: Let's check. Yes. So that's a short E and we have a couple of short U's there.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Short U's.

Speaker B: Yeah, so you guessed that one right. So that's a good way to practice.

Speaker A: Just so there's no short.

Speaker B: So that one was short U. And if you remember the. What was the one difference between short you and schwa?

Speaker A: Oh, so short U was stressed. A bit more stressed. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. So you could go through here and try to guess which vowel is being used in the primary stress. Which vowel is being used if you know if there's a schwa as well. So that's one way to practice short vowels. You can also do a general reading and try to keep an ear out for one vowel at a time. Be like, I'm going to try to read this article, listen for short E. You can have a conversation with someone and try to listen for the short A's. Whatever it is. Just try to get a couple practices where it's not just sitting down looking at Accent Advisor. And the reason for that is one, it's good to have diversity of practice. So just sitting there and reading words on the screen is helpful to know, know the patterns of the sound, where to find it, how it goes, things like that. But it doesn't really get your ears working, which is very important when it comes to language. And two, it kind of gets a lot of people into the habit of you're sitting down looking at Accent Advisor and then you close or you just turn the computer off and your brain turns off. Yeah. So try to get some other practices. You know, whether it's something we've gone over like a reading a sound, the exercise we just looked at, something like that or something else that works for you. But try to get a couple. So review the short vowels, schwa included, Schwa especially. And. In a real world way, once you've done that, if you can let me know where you are with the vowels.

Speaker A: Uh huh.

Speaker B: Okay. And what I mean by that is just let me know. Okay, I've gone over this. I still really want to go over schwa practice. I feel really comfortable with short I and short E. Those ones are perfect. And then that way when I put the review together, I know which ones you'd like to focus on.

Speaker A: Yes. Short I and short E. For some reason, I was struggling with those two a lot. But then those are the two I get the most. And I feel like I also implement them these days to some extent.

Speaker B: What do you mean, implement them?

Speaker A: Like, when I try to speak, I'm mindful that, okay, this is where I have to pronounce short E. And this is already short I. I also notice that a lot when people speak. Yeah. But for the others.

Speaker B: So those are ones that you're kind of definitely aware of.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So did you look at the Shore. Ian Shore I comparison chart or the comparison sheet? Sorry, No, I can go ahead. I'll share all the comparisons with you. So you had short I, E and I. But I'll share the rest with you in case something comes up. I definitely encourage you to look at that then, just as a review. It talks about the difference between the two sounds, and it has some words that compare there. And definitely let me know, you know, send me a message before next class so that in the next class or the class after, I can whip together a review. Kind of knowing what you'd like to work on. Yeah. So go ahead and let me know for today, though, since you know, there's not the review, because I'd like to see where you are first. I'd like to go over something called the World of Tea. Okay, so I probably have mentioned this, but he does a lot in English. It does too much. It works too hard. It just. It's never itself, all that fun stuff. So we have something called the true T. But then Tea also does a bunch of other things. The main thing that happens with people who are learning English is they learn. There's the T sound, T, and then they make the T sound for everything. Even though American speakers, British speakers do this, too, but in different ways. Every native speaker does it to some degree in some arrangement. We don't actually use true T very much. We use either a flap or glottal or silent or et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So many different things. So we're going to start going through that as well. I sent you something called World of T. Yeah, go ahead and open that. And whenever you're ready, please start recording yourself and read these beautiful sentences.

Speaker A: Okay. There's a party next door, so my grandma is threatening to call the cops. He can't eat a hearty breakfast before going out. He's so. He's too busy. It's true. My sister turns 40 this year. Yeah, I just turned 30 last week. The written services offered as a courtesy the casket held his mortal remains. The company chartered a jet for the trip. The lizard is turning back and forth in the garden. You can't fortify your immune system without vitamin C. These tight shoes don't fit my feet. I took the liberty of making you an appointment. A street artist drew my caricature. My son isn't the smartest kid I know, but okay. She planned straight daily. We mustn't. That was bad. Listen to the lies that were being spread. My American chestnut table was given to me by my mother. The theater was bustling with excited moviegoers. I could hear the puppies rustling in their kennel. A garter used to be a common article of clothing. The saint was a martyr in the top century. The reporter asked me many questions, but I had forgotten some answers. A tortoise slowly ambled across the road.

Speaker B: Next page.

Speaker A: Oh, you have more. Okay. These trainer shoes don't look good to wear to work. I need one more quarter to pay this parking meter. The car started right up after we charged the battery. Since she had no cash, she resorted to using a credit card.

Speaker B: All right, perfect. All right, real quick. Not really related to T, but. How did you say this word?

Speaker A: Vitamin.

Speaker B: Yes, I think you said it.

Speaker A: Vitamin.

Speaker B: Yeah, vitamin. How dare you. That is the British way. So. Yeah, just be careful of that. Yeah. Vitamin is what they take overseas. In America, we take vitamins. I'm not sure what they take in Canada.

Speaker A: Okay. I was not sure about that. I mean, I just thought that those are two ways of pronouncing it.

Speaker B: Yeah, I don't know. I know in Canada, it's mostly akin to American English in most regions, but sometimes they still have that little sprinkle. So I would just maybe go to a drugstore and ask them how to say it. I don't know. However, you will go ahead and double check on that. Just know that it's a very distinct dialect thing there.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay.

Speaker B: All right. Okay. So I want to go ahead and X out of that. And I want to go over what a true T actually is now that you've read about it a little bit.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So I want you to go ahead and open American Tea worksheet. Oh,

Speaker A: American tea.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Let's see. Worksheet. All right. Yep, I'm there.

Speaker B: All right, so since you don't really have, like, an issue with tea itself, I'm not going to have you grudge through all of this, but I want to skip to the second page very quickly.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: Now, before we get into it too much, when you make the T sound. What do you feel is happening?

Speaker A: There are different ways we pronounce T based on the words. I'm not sure if it depends on the position. I feel sometimes, for example, D. I mean, I'm not sure if I'm even making the T sound here. It's like th. No, it's not even T. Sorry. I just feel that there are differences.

Speaker B: Yeah. Th is its own situation.

Speaker A: Yeah. When I was reading, I thought that I was pronouncing T sometimes a little bit. Not like T, just this sound or sometimes a bit more stressed. I feel that's. That's what I was doing, but I'm not. I don't know.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. So you were probably catching on a little bit to maybe like a flap or a glottal. So for example, in the word water, we don't say water. You're probably catching on to things like that. But there are times when we use an actual true T. You can see it on the next page with these examples.

Speaker A: Uh huh. Okay.

Speaker B: So all of these will be the true T, which is the T that you learned. The T. T attacked. Okay. So for example, attack. Talk. Torture. All the.

Speaker A: Okay, okay.

Speaker B: Go ahead and read the first two lines. And as you're reading, pay attention. What is your tongue doing to make this sound? Because the tongue is the most important part. So your tongue is going to have movement. It's going to touch another part of your mouth. And I just want you to kind of read this and then break down for me what is happening with all of these?

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Attack.

Speaker A: Can I just say what I observe by. By now? So the tongue, the tip of the tongue is touching, Touching the upper pellet in the front and then lowering kind of.

Speaker B: Yeah. So careful. If you say like the upper palate, the upper palate's usually back here. Up here. It's the alveolar ridge, that little bump.

Speaker A: Alveolar ridge. Yes. Yes.

Speaker B: Is it touching your teeth at all?

Speaker A: No.

Speaker B: Good. I've had a lot of students lately where they say it's touching their teeth, so it's not meant to. That's good. Okay, go ahead and read the first two. And as you do, pay attention to the whole movement and then break it down for me a little bit more after. Okay, so you got it right. It touches the alveolar ridge. Go ahead and read.

Speaker A: Talk. Torture. Retain. Tan. Torn. Until to. Tornado. Toll. Rest. Egypt. Okay, two lines. Rest. When it's in the end, it's different for me. Rest. And also I feel when I pronounce it's not just this sound. I don't know if it is the right way. Talk. Like, you see, it's talk and talk. I just feel there's a difference that

Speaker B: I make between the beginning and the end of the word.

Speaker A: Well, even when it's in the beginning. For example, torture. Here I just pronounce the true like just the t. But I feel like sometimes I stress it too much and pronounce it like th. So talk. Tan, not tan. Tan. Do you understand the difference?

Speaker B: Sort of, yes. I know what I'm hearing. I. I have heard this once in a while. I'm not exactly sure what the pattern is for you, but it's definitely part of your accent. Usually in a situation like this. Attack, talk, torture, retain, tan, torn until to, tornado, tall, rest, Egypt. Can you hear a difference with mine? You might hear a slight difference at the beginning and the end, but we'll go for that. But overall, can you hear a difference in the sound itself? It's probably more noticeable at the beginning. Yeah. Than at the end, but overall it's the same sound.

Speaker A: Well, what I see is it's like that hand that. That stress is there. It's not like tan. Right. It's. It's. It's a bit different from that.

Speaker B: How you pronounce it, the one at the end or the what? No way. You're saying.

Speaker A: Let's listen. Let's say you're trying to pronounce ta. And how do you pronounce Is that

Speaker B: if I'm pronouncing what T a N, Tan, Tan.

Speaker A: Yes. So it sounds like T H a n almost to me.

Speaker B: If it was a th, it would be than

Speaker A: okay. But there's. It's not like tan. You are pronouncing it differently in a different way than that. Right. Would you not agree, Dan?

Speaker B: Compared to all the others, yes. So where exactly is your tongue going? This is why I'm trying to have you break down the movement.

Speaker A: Well, the thing is, I also do it that way once in a while. Like. Like the way you do it. That's how at least I feel. I don't know what you thought when I. Yeah.

Speaker B: So like I said, what I'm hearing is that you do have the true T that you say, but sometimes you do say a little bit. Almost like a D sound and a little bit deeper. So more like down or something like that. Which, like I said, I'm not really sure of what the pattern is for you, but I definitely have heard it. So we're trying. I'm trying to have you describe exactly what's happening. 1. I want you to see if you notice a difference. Maybe one time it goes to the alveolar ridge. Maybe one time it's a little bit quicker, slower. Maybe it's at a different place. So I'm trying to get it nice and even so that you notice. Okay. Are you pronouncing it differently with each one? That's what I mean when I say break down the. Okay, so I'm trying to see if you notice a difference so that we can see if you. For example, you say half of them with the true T, and you say half of them the other way, trying to see if there's a difference there. So that's one reason I have you break down what you're doing. Because if there is a difference, I want you to notice it for yourself. Because if you notice it for yourself, you're going to remember it way better than if I just sit here and talk at you. So that's one reason I have you try to peek by yourself. So you do say it, for example, in tan.

Speaker A: Tan. Yeah.

Speaker B: What is the movement going on compared to when you say it with what you recognize as a true T?

Speaker A: Okay, so I don't pronounce tan like this. I pronounce this tan that. I don't know if I'm making any difference between these two pronunciations. Tan. That's how I pronounce it. So I think that's the. That's actually how I'm supposed to pronounce it, too.

Speaker B: Where is your tongue when you say it?

Speaker A: Tan. It's ovular ridge. And then it's just moving below. Tan. Tan.

Speaker B: So where is it? At the front or the back?

Speaker A: Front. Like almost near the teeth, but not there.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Tan.

Speaker B: So I want you to be careful there. Put your hand here. We've talked about voicing, right?

Speaker A: No.

Speaker B: So voicing means that you're using your vocal cords. Sometimes with some sounds, you'll use your vocal cords, sometimes you won't. Voiced, you use your vocal cords. Voiceless, you do not. So with voiced sound, you'll have your vocal cords moving. Voiceless, you will feel nothing. T is a voiceless sound. The vocal cords do not move. But before we get into that, it might be easier to compare a sound that is a little bit more straightforward. So s. If you put your hand here and you make the S sound, Can you feel anything? Try making a Z sound.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's like vibrating.

Speaker B: Yeah? Yes. So no vibration with S. But there is with Z. S is voiceless. Z is voiced. That's what that is. But if you notice, you could actually alternate between S and Z without moving anything in your mouth. So, like, And the only difference is your vocal cords. So go ahead and try doing that.

Speaker A: Okay. Right now?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Like, just add it.

Speaker B: Yeah. If you notice there's no change in your mouth.

Speaker A: Yes, yes, yes. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: Z and S are a voiced and voiceless pair. So what that means is the same exact thing happens up here. This is the only difference. Same is happening with T and D. Okay. In some languages, though, there are different levels of voicing. English only has yes and no. Very distinct voicing, or absolutely none. But some languages have in between, like, slight voicing, super voiced, not voiced. Like, okay. Different levels. Try to pronounce T the same way. So, like, just here, try to pronounce with the true T

Speaker A: a little bit. I can see a little bit movement, not vibration necessarily.

Speaker B: Yeah, movement is fine because your throat muscles are still going to move. As long as there's no vibration, there's still vocal cords. But now make a D sound.

Speaker A: D. How do you pronounce a D sound?

Speaker B: Like D, T and D voiced and voiceless. If you notice, the D is doing the same exact thing as you're supposed to do with the T. Okay. The reason I'm pointing that out is because sometimes I think you're slightly voiced through the T. So it's not so much where you're making it into a D, but it's not a true American tea. So some places in India, they have that level.

Speaker A: Really?

Speaker B: Yes. Where maybe voicing isn't as distinct or it's. It's perceived a different way. So make sure one, that you're doing the true tea where it's not voiced. But also we also have something called aspiration. Have you heard of aspiration? Aspiration just means that air comes out of your mouth. That's the fancy term for air coming out of your mouth. You make the T sound. You hold your hand, you hear T, T, T, T,

Speaker A: T. Like what happens in aspiration?

Speaker B: Air comes out of your mouth. You'll be able to feel a puff of air.

Speaker A: Yes, it happens. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yes. So the pop of air, the voicing, those can both really change the sound, even if you're doing the exact same thing with your tongue. Basically, what I'm saying is that you have to be aware of both of those when you make the trc sound. If you want to review this, you could go ahead and look at the first page.

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker B: So I definitely recommend looking at the first Page Okay. For review. Okay.

Speaker A: Yes, I will do that.

Speaker B: Yes. All right. So that's what's happening there. So helpful for you to practice the true tea by itself. Look at the first page for review. Practice the true tea. So that would be tan, talk, torture, retain, torn, things like that. Because I think sometimes you're slightly changing the voicing, slightly changing the aspiration, and even though the tongue might be going to the same place, you're still getting different results.

Speaker A: So what happens when the aspiration is different? What does it sound like?

Speaker B: So that is actually something you might notice when I have T at the beginning and end of my word. For example, if I say talk, torture, tan versus rest in Egypt. So can you hear the difference between those T's? Yes. When any aspirated sound is at the beginning of the word, it's like really aspirated, but as you get closer to the end, and once you reach the end, barely have any air left. So it's very lightly aspirated. But if I make a very lightly aspirated T at the beginning of the word, like tan.

Speaker A: Exactly. That's what I was saying.

Speaker B: Totally wrong. Yes.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So if you don't aspirate enough and you change the voicing, you have a totally new sound. My tongue was doing the exact same thing.

Speaker A: Yes. Yes.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. So you probably will notice, like I said, tan and rest are totally different. It's all about the aspiration. Same exact sound, just changing how much air you have coming out. So I definitely recommend kind of playing around without voicing. You could sit there and go. But you could also just even feel the air. So you could sit here, go talk, torture, tan, rest, Egypt, and literally feel the difference with your hand. So I recommend playing around with that. We're gonna review T a little bit more next time.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: But we're also going to start talking about. We're gonna start getting into what he does, how it changes, all that fun stuff. Whenever you are able to send me, like I said, the review on short vowels, what you looked at, what you'd like to work on more, what you feel comfortable with, etc, and then I'll put a review together for that, and then we'll start moving on to long vowels.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And T, because those are the next two that are. Would be very helpful for you, I think.

Speaker A: Got it. Got it. Okay.

Speaker B: All right. Any questions?

