Transcript for: Recording__859.mp4
Title: Recording #859
============================================================

How's your Friday going? Okay so far. Okay. It's better than not good. I do have again I'm on a time limit as per usual. I have a meeting at 2:30. But I just wanted us to at least start the conversation so that we can finally like start talking about what, what do we need, where are we with Amazon and how do we, you know, get to the next steps? I think that the big discovery this week was that when we looked at our forecast, our forecast was developed from a perspective of like if we were in stock, this is how much we could sell. So like when we, and, and we discovered that when we were looking at like the banking documentation that we submitted and it was like saying that for across all, like direct to consumers, Shopify, Costco.com, cA, Amazon.com and CA for all the accounts it said that we would be selling close to $10 million. What we actually sold this year is like just around 5. So we basically said we'll grow 100%. And so the problem with that is that we submitted that forecast to the bank and we said we have like this is what we're going to be selling each month. So the bank penalizes us every month that we miss our forecast. And so we missed obviously September and October. And when we were trying to figure out why, this is one of the main reasons why. So when I spoke to Shoham, he's like, well look, I put together a forecast of what we should be producing knowing that like if we had that in stock, that's what we could sell. Now problem is we've had severe out of stocks, especially in our best sellers. So I think that it's, it's a twofold problem he submitted. And so typically what we do is we have a forecast of like this is what we should be producing that we give to the production team. Yes. And then the secondary part is this is the forecast we're going to give to the bank because we know we're never 100% perfectly in stock and whatnot. So that second financial scrubbing wasn't done. So that's kind of what I've asked Johan to do earlier this week I said can you take a look and give me a realistic forecast knowing that we're not going to double our sales, knowing that we've already missed first two months of the year. So September and October were severely like not even remotely close. And we're going to have to unfortunately go back to the bank and say, hey, like there's no way we're going to miss it by 5 million right off the bat. And that's in the best case scenario of like keeping the sales the same as last year. So hence the pressure on us to list joy bar and perfect protein bar and get new listings. Yeah. With costco so that we can actually boost our sales. Yeah. Okay. We also have to pressure the Canadian team to list our hydration. And I would follow up with Costco.com team just to make sure that our hydration is listed. We submitted all the documentation. It should take them three to four days and then the. For hydration. Yes. Isn't that the one that they said they didn't like the price that we were given to them? No. Would that. What was his name Not. Yeah. Adam. Is that his name? Yeah, he said that he. Because they said sign it. And so I signed it and send it back. And then he comes back saying, this isn't the right price. You sell like here for this price. We want it here. And then you're like, it just doesn't make sense. And then he didn't come back. Right. So we have the Canadian team as well. So follow up with Canadian team to get hydration listed. Sure. Costco. Yeah. Do you want me to follow up with him anyways on dot com? Yep. Let's see. He seems nice. And Shoham, you've sent me the sales of what hydration did on Costco.com? i think so. Can you resend that and send it to Stephanie so you could include that to your email too? Adam. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about. The actual sales. Actual sales of hydration 12 pack when we had them in stock. Okay. Because we're going to try to get it released, relisted. And this is the problem of changing pack sizes on costco. You basically lose the listing and you have to back them to relist it. That's ridiculous. Is it in Canada and us both? I don't know that we had it in Canada. Oh, sorry. Yeah. Whatever. Wherever we had. Yeah. And if we were to list it, we're just doing stock. Did we say the variety pack? Yeah. First? Yeah. Yeah. Is it the 18? I think we said that we had that. Yeah. Or the 12 we used to have. Yeah. We sold through. And then Sabrina was like, well, now you need to list 18. Well, it doesn't work that way because now we lost six months of sales and we still don't have it up. So that's why I just need. Need us to kind of push more on that. And for perfect protein, I know we're looking at pricing. Yeah, I'll try to get that over to you today, but we should send it at the very least on Monday. Yeah. And Joy Bar, you're going to need images and copy. Yeah. Elena comes up with images, she could give you suggested copy. But what I typically do is I go and I take a look at competitor. So type in protein bars on Costco and then you'll see like what stands out to you in terms of title, in terms of the call outs. I know like the grams of protein, the fact that it's collagen, like that's more expensive. So all of that stuff and then you can come up with like the key things. Sure. For that and then shoham on your end, if you could, you know, when do you think you can have that like financial, like what's realistic? I do have some questions there. So first question, is it like we can give it to the bank just once and then it has to be for the entire year. Yeah. We can't keep adjusting it. So we're basically going to go back, we're going to say we made a mistake, we over forecasted it by 100% and whatever we submit it has to be realistic. Yes. So I would try to get it to whatever our sales were in 2024, which I think were around 5 million and maybe increase a 10% to 5 million. So keep it to like 5.5. Okay. Maybe 6 if you are confident we can. So for the band, does it matter? Does matter more, is it the monthly sales or is it the annual sales? Every month we have to do monthly. Yeah, that's a bit of a, bit of a challenge because it's difficult to forecast when something will be out of stock and something will be. This is what I would do. I would take a look at 2024 sales and add 10% to it. Okay. Okay. So whatever it was for the month. Whatever it was for the month. Whatever it was for the month. I'll just add 10% to it. That's it? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Anything beyond that would be like trying to do too much and then we're gonna miss it. So I would say that. And if we happen to do more than that. Perfect. Awesome. Okay. I think that Costco was the biggest area of concern for me because that's how I spotted it because it was like 800,000 for dot com, 800 for dot ca and then I quickly took a look and it was like 240 in like actual sales for like FCA. So like it was like way, way more. It was like 3, 400% more than it should have been. And that's why we need to list new items ASAP and try to make up at least a little bit of that gap, because I don't know how the bank is going to react when we tell them we were right off the bat, like, 10% of our sales are gonna be missed. Yeah. Okay. So I would say, like, if you can have that for us, like, mid next week at the latest. Sure, yeah. That would be the. The first thing. And then the second thing is, like, also in terms of production, I just want to understand shipping. Like, I know Sabrina's looking at inventory, trying to manage all the inventory. Yeah. Does she work with you then once the shipments are made, or how does the process work right now? Because I know we've had challenges with that even at the beginning. So. Yeah, so it starts. I don't know if you want to take this, but, I mean, I just give you the plan, that's all. Yeah, forecast and all the, like, the requested information. Sabrina gets it. She checks. I guess she checks what we have with stock, what's being produced, what other customers take, like, the whole lot. She checks with Patricia of what we can actually use. So Patricia can confirm whether we can use the full amount or take more or take less. And then she gives that to me, I enter it, and then we kind of manage the shipments to Amazon through there. So that's kind of just the basic process of that. So I don't work with, like, production or anything like that specifically. It's Sabrina kind of checks everything, and the forecast gets edited, I guess. I don't know if it's Balari or you. If we need to edit it for future or for other. Like, I don't know. So for Amazon, it's always me forecast. If I need to edit, then for Amazon, it's me forecast. For Shopify, it's Shopify and Costco. Okay. Yeah. So one of the issues, from what I understand, is we made a shipment in August that has not been received yet. Yes, the July one. Received yet. It only says inbound or held. Right. So, like, you can't tell which one it was, can you? So if you go to the shipments manage shipments page, you can see the status of each shipment. So how many units are received out of what we sent? And also, even if they receive, sometimes they don't make it eligible for prime. So, yes, okay, they will make it available, but not illegal for prime. So, I mean. Yes, that's how it works. Now, what did you want to ask. So the August one is still not received then? The one was September 1st was received. Last time I checked, it was not made prime eligible. But they didn't even receive the ones that we sent in August. So at which point do we follow up with them? So for these, the inbound ones that they didn't even receive, they received in a two, three units usually takes those become eligible for investigation after they're closed. So that may take about 90 days since we ship that. So we cannot rely on those things. Rely on whatever we send. It's. If it is a mistake, then from their end, then we are going to suffer, basically. So August, September, October. That's three months, right? Yeah. So that's 90 days. So created. And by the end of August, so almost November. So I need to know the exact date of when we're going to follow up because this is a lot of money for us. Like you have to understand we have to lock in money to produce this inventory and then for Amazon to receive it in 90 days. And we don't know we can't even follow up in 90 days is ridiculous. Yeah. So has to be better. We have an account manager now that like we still have until the end of the month. Like we reach out to her. Right? Like that's what she's there for, but she's not for platinum. I can ask the question and she can probably advise. We have to, we have to find a way to like work better with Amazon because like, it does not make sense. I, I worry that what's going to happen is what happened before, which is start like destroying something or whatnot. Like that cost us over $30,000 and we're just like, okay, we can't keep operating like this. So like you have an account manager escalated to her. Ask her who could help us. Like we have to do better and we can't just be like, oh, we can't even ask them a question for 90 days. Thing that's odd is like you're saying that's very awkward. I know the September ones were received in. That's why we were saying it doesn't matter when we ship it. Amazon receives in whatever they whenever they want. And it's like so hard to plan. So it's like you can keep shipping like every week or two weeks, but they won't receive it for another, what, two or three months if they decide. But then they'll receive in like the later shipment. It's like, okay, like I said, should be received September should have been received in by now, but you know, and then August we. Or October, we just sent. So they might receive that before September or August. You know what I mean? Yeah, That's a mess. If that's something you could address. I don't know. Well, the thing is we never had this kind of issues before. I know we don't want to ship more frequently anymore. But you see, when we're. I understand that Amazon can do the same thing even if we. With all the shipments in a month, even if we ship month weekly. But the likeness of that happening is very, very low. I mean, if, I mean in terms of probability, let's say 20%, they do it in 20 cases. Right. That will, if we just do it twice a month, how much will that be? It's. It's like it will go down to 16 out of 100 times. So I mean in terms of probability anyway. So the likelihood of that happening with all the shipments goes down by a lot. So that's why we can't handle the frequency though. Yeah. Like internally do it and the shipment costs and the, you know, warehouse costing to prep all of this, like it's just multiplying in terms of what's needed. Right. I'm just simply saying, like, do what you can to escalate it. Because I know that that person that was assigned to us, we asked her like three questions and the rest were like, oh, well, this is Amazon policy. Let's just sit and wait. Like, no, let's not. Because if we're selling a hundred thousand dollars of mixed berry and we've sent it to them and they're sitting on it, like that's not okay. Sure, I'm just taking home. Yeah, all right, I understand that. I'll take care of that part. I had one suggestion here. So Amazon has a program, it's their warehouse apart from the fulfillment centers where you can store for a very long term. And before, when they launched it, it was not for. Not available for perishable units. What we sell now, it's also available, became available for perishable units and we can even send smaller boxes. Once they launched it six months ago, we are supposed to do only LTL shipments. But now we can even do smaller boxes. So I was thinking if we, if the costs and everything makes sense and if it works properly, we can probably test with one SKU first, we can store our inventory for a very long term. Like let's say six months of inventory can send it there and they also take care of all the shipments. So they will then manage the shipments to their fulfillment centers. When there's demand, they will manage that process automatically. Like FDA or fba. Like what's that considered? Yes, fba. So but it's different from the Amazon fulfillment centers. It's a different kind of warehouse setup that they have where you can store for a very long time. We don't have long term inventory, so we're trying to move to just in time so that all our inventory turns over in three months or less. Okay. Yeah. So I think it would make sense if financially that, you know, three months or less inventory would work. We could test it out. But I just. We don't store anything for longer than that. We try not to. Like that's what we're trying to move towards. Right. I see. There are some cost advantages too with that in this U.S. for example, right now they have introduced the placement fee whenever you create shipments. Stephanie will know. So if we use that platform, they will also not charge that placement fee. But that's something very new. We can just test it out with just one sku. Okay. All right. I would park that until we figure out our base stuff which is inventory management forecast and then we could worry about testing out new things. Okay, so I gotta run because I have a 2:30. But if, if, I mean I think we have enough of a marching orders at least for the next few days. Show him when you have that forecast and revised forecast and then just send it over and then we'll work off of that. And then also I think at some point we're going to have to take a look at even the forecast of 10 million plus and like see like where we overestimated. Like when I look at it quickly, even just on Costco side, Costco should be really easy to clean up because a lot of those items that were in the forecast, we don't even sell with Costco anymore. Like they've been taken down. So it doesn't make sense to keep it in there because that causes also an issue on our cash flow and production. Because production will say, well Jalka needs 2000 units of joy Burst Energy. They'll go and produce it and then it'll just sit in a warehouse and it won't sell because we don't sell it anymore. So that's why we definitely need to like realistically scrub it to say like okay, but like is this really needed? And come up with a more accurate one. I guess. So that brings me to the point, at some point we're going to have to say, how does our sell through rate compare to our forecast because when I asked Sabrina about hydration, I said two days ago, I looked at our in stock levels on Joy Burst, both in Canada and US on Amazon, and we had like two SKUs available. That was it. And I was like, how is this possible? Like, how is it possible that we're out of hydration, that we don't have any energy? And she basically said on the last shipment, I sent everything that Showham asked for. So we're either selling too fast compared to like what we forecasted, or, you know, we just. We're not comparing what we're selling through to what was in the. In the books. Well, what happened is they're not. They're still inbound. That's what happened. So last shipment was. When was it shipped? It was like a week ago or something. So, I mean, September. So I don't know if. No, the new ones. No, for hydration, the last one we. Well, like we did new shipments this past week or last week. It wouldn't have been that. You're talking about the September ones? She said, the last time I shipped Joy, last one was just a few weeks, one week ago or something around. That is. I understand that. Zilker. The thing is, the challenge is big. And also we know this, that when we are not shipping on account, we don't have products in stock. I mean, it's running out of stock once in a while and a lot of things get interrupted. Advertisement Ranking everything. And I'll give you a very simple example that is Sling Quick us. Look at what we were doing for the Mixberry. We were doing 3600 plus. We couldn't even get there yet. Despite sending inventory for the last how two months and then they are still not available. See, we couldn't even get back to where we were. Forget about scaling to 4,000 eight times. I'm saying something is broken and we need to figure out how to fix it. Like, that's the basics of what we should be able to or should be trying to fix in terms of, like, what's actually broken. Because there's a few items I don't ever want to be out of stock on, which is slim, quick mix, berry and tangerine. I don't want to be out of stock on hydration and I don't want to be out of stock on cookies. Like those three items, like, sell themselves. So I want to make sure that we have them. And if we are not getting what we should be, I need to be told and alerted so that we can figure out how to troubleshoot because those three items, like, we want to make sure that we have. And some of our, like, best selling items, even on, like, no sugar, if it's like, peanut butter bars or whatever. Just if you're not getting what you need, then ping me and let me. Let me know. Yeah. The last. Last order I did for Joy Burst or The hydration was September 18th. So after that, it was this past week, the last week. Okay. So I don't know I received it yet, but I'll have to check their statuses of those ones. Yeah, something's definitely broken because every time I log into our Amazon account, I'm like, we're out. Yeah, it's not even inbound. It just says on hold or whatever. I'm like. Like, I think I checked the summer ones. It's like, we sent those months ago. Yeah, Amazon. Yeah. I don't know, maybe somebody down there doesn't like us, but. Bezos. Yeah, exactly. Awesome. Let's touch base again next week. Sorry for. For the super rushed call, but I'm hopeful we're gonna get there soon. We're rebuilding the team, essentially. So I have a bunch of interviews over the next little while, and I could hear my next meeting already started. But we will talk. If you need me, just text me or. Or message me and we'll try to get. Sure. Yeah. All right. Thank you so much. Thank you. Yeah, I'll see you soon. Bye. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: How's your Friday going?

Speaker B: Okay so far.

Speaker A: Okay. It's better than not good. I do have again I'm on a time limit as per usual. I have a meeting at 2:30. But I just wanted us to at least start the conversation so that we can finally like start talking about what, what do we need, where are we with Amazon and how do we, you know, get to the next steps? I think that the big discovery this week was that when we looked at our forecast, our forecast was developed from a perspective of like if we were in stock, this is how much we could sell. So like when we, and, and we discovered that when we were looking at like the banking documentation that we submitted and it was like saying that for across all, like direct to consumers, Shopify, Costco.com, cA, Amazon.com and CA for all the accounts it said that we would be selling close to $10 million. What we actually sold this year is like just around 5. So we basically said we'll grow 100%. And so the problem with that is that we submitted that forecast to the bank and we said we have like this is what we're going to be selling each month. So the bank penalizes us every month that we miss our forecast. And so we missed obviously September and October. And when we were trying to figure out why, this is one of the main reasons why. So when I spoke to Shoham, he's like, well look, I put together a forecast of what we should be producing knowing that like if we had that in stock, that's what we could sell. Now problem is we've had severe out of stocks, especially in our best sellers. So I think that it's, it's a twofold problem he submitted. And so typically what we do is we have a forecast of like this is what we should be producing that we give to the production team.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: And then the secondary part is this is the forecast we're going to give to the bank because we know we're never 100% perfectly in stock and whatnot. So that second financial scrubbing wasn't done. So that's kind of what I've asked Johan to do earlier this week I said can you take a look and give me a realistic forecast knowing that we're not going to double our sales, knowing that we've already missed first two months of the year. So September and October were severely like not even remotely close. And we're going to have to unfortunately go back to the bank and say, hey, like there's no way we're going to miss it by 5 million right off the bat. And that's in the best case scenario of like keeping the sales the same as last year. So hence the pressure on us to list joy bar and perfect protein bar and get new listings.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: With costco so that we can actually boost our sales.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: We also have to pressure the Canadian team to list our hydration. And I would follow up with Costco.com team just to make sure that our hydration is listed. We submitted all the documentation. It should take them three to four days and then the.

Speaker C: For hydration.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker C: Isn't that the one that they said they didn't like the price that we were given to them?

Speaker A: No. Would that.

Speaker C: What was his name Not. Yeah.

Speaker A: Adam.

Speaker C: Is that his name? Yeah, he said that he. Because they said sign it. And so I signed it and send it back. And then he comes back saying, this isn't the right price. You sell like here for this price. We want it here. And then you're like, it just doesn't make sense. And then he didn't come back.

Speaker A: Right. So we have the Canadian team as well. So follow up with Canadian team to get hydration listed.

Speaker C: Sure. Costco.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Do you want me to follow up with him anyways on dot com?

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker C: Let's see. He seems nice.

Speaker A: And Shoham, you've sent me the sales of what hydration did on Costco.com? i think so. Can you resend that and send it to Stephanie so you could include that to your email too? Adam.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: You know what I'm talking about.

Speaker B: The actual sales.

Speaker A: Actual sales of hydration 12 pack when we had them in stock.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Because we're going to try to get it released, relisted. And this is the problem of changing pack sizes on costco. You basically lose the listing and you

Speaker C: have to back them to relist it. That's ridiculous.

Speaker B: Is it in Canada and us both?

Speaker A: I don't know that we had it in Canada.

Speaker B: Oh, sorry. Yeah. Whatever. Wherever we had.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: And if we were to list it, we're just doing stock. Did we say the variety pack?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: First? Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Is it the 18? I think we said that we had that.

Speaker A: Yeah. Or the 12 we used to have.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: We sold through. And then Sabrina was like, well, now you need to list 18. Well, it doesn't work that way because now we lost six months of sales and we still don't have it up. So that's why I just need. Need us to kind of push more on that. And for perfect protein, I know we're looking at pricing. Yeah, I'll try to get that over to you today, but we should send it at the very least on Monday. Yeah. And Joy Bar, you're going to need images and copy.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Elena comes up with images, she could give you suggested copy. But what I typically do is I go and I take a look at competitor. So type in protein bars on Costco and then you'll see like what stands out to you in terms of title, in terms of the call outs. I know like the grams of protein, the fact that it's collagen, like that's more expensive. So all of that stuff and then you can come up with like the key things.

Speaker C: Sure.

Speaker A: For that and then shoham on your end, if you could, you know, when do you think you can have that like financial, like what's realistic?

Speaker B: I do have some questions there. So first question, is it like we can give it to the bank just once and then it has to be for the entire year.

Speaker A: Yeah. We can't keep adjusting it. So we're basically going to go back, we're going to say we made a mistake, we over forecasted it by 100% and whatever we submit it has to be realistic.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So I would try to get it to whatever our sales were in 2024, which I think were around 5 million and maybe increase a 10% to 5 million. So keep it to like 5.5.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Maybe 6 if you are confident we can.

Speaker B: So for the band, does it matter? Does matter more, is it the monthly sales or is it the annual sales?

Speaker A: Every month we have to do monthly.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's a bit of a, bit of a challenge because it's difficult to forecast when something will be out of stock and something will be.

Speaker A: This is what I would do. I would take a look at 2024 sales and add 10% to it.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. So whatever it was for the month. Whatever it was for the month. Whatever it was for the month. I'll just add 10% to it. That's it?

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Anything beyond that would be like trying to do too much and then we're gonna miss it. So I would say that. And if we happen to do more than that. Perfect.

Speaker B: Awesome. Okay.

Speaker A: I think that Costco was the biggest area of concern for me because that's how I spotted it because it was like 800,000 for dot com, 800 for dot ca and then I quickly took a look and it was like 240 in like actual sales for like FCA. So like it was like way, way more. It was like 3, 400% more than it should have been. And that's why we need to list new items ASAP and try to make up at least a little bit of that gap, because I don't know how the bank is going to react when we tell them we were right off the bat, like, 10% of our sales are gonna be missed. Yeah. Okay. So I would say, like, if you can have that for us, like, mid next week at the latest.

Speaker B: Sure, yeah.

Speaker A: That would be the. The first thing. And then the second thing is, like, also in terms of production, I just want to understand shipping. Like, I know Sabrina's looking at inventory, trying to manage all the inventory.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Does she work with you then once the shipments are made, or how does the process work right now? Because I know we've had challenges with that even at the beginning.

Speaker C: So. Yeah, so it starts.

Speaker A: I don't know if you want to

Speaker C: take this, but, I mean, I just

Speaker B: give you the plan, that's all.

Speaker C: Yeah, forecast and all the, like, the requested information. Sabrina gets it. She checks. I guess she checks what we have with stock, what's being produced, what other customers take, like, the whole lot. She checks with Patricia of what we can actually use. So Patricia can confirm whether we can use the full amount or take more or take less. And then she gives that to me, I enter it, and then we kind of manage the shipments to Amazon through there. So that's kind of just the basic process of that. So I don't work with, like, production or anything like that specifically. It's Sabrina kind of checks everything, and the forecast gets edited, I guess. I don't know if it's Balari or you. If we need to edit it for future or for other. Like, I don't know.

Speaker B: So for Amazon, it's always me forecast. If I need to edit, then for Amazon, it's me forecast. For Shopify, it's Shopify and Costco.

Speaker C: Okay. Yeah. So

Speaker A: one of the issues, from what I understand, is we made a shipment in August that has not been received yet.

Speaker C: Yes, the July one.

Speaker A: Received yet.

Speaker C: It only says inbound or held. Right. So, like, you can't tell which one it was, can you?

Speaker B: So if you go to the shipments manage shipments page, you can see the status of each shipment. So how many units are received out of what we sent? And also, even if they receive, sometimes they don't make it eligible for prime. So, yes, okay, they will make it available, but not illegal for prime. So, I mean. Yes, that's how it works. Now, what did you want to ask.

Speaker C: So the August one is still not received then?

Speaker B: The one was September 1st was received. Last time I checked, it was not made prime eligible. But they didn't even receive the ones that we sent in August.

Speaker A: So at which point do we follow up with them?

Speaker B: So for these, the inbound ones that they didn't even receive, they received in a two, three units usually takes those become eligible for investigation after they're closed. So that may take about 90 days since we ship that. So we cannot rely on those things. Rely on whatever we send. It's. If it is a mistake, then from their end, then we are going to suffer, basically.

Speaker A: So August, September, October. That's three months, right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So that's 90 days.

Speaker B: So created. And by the end of August, so almost November.

Speaker A: So I need to know the exact date of when we're going to follow up because this is a lot of money for us. Like you have to understand we have to lock in money to produce this inventory and then for Amazon to receive it in 90 days. And we don't know we can't even follow up in 90 days is ridiculous.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: So has to be better. We have an account manager now that like we still have until the end of the month. Like we reach out to her. Right? Like that's what she's there for,

Speaker B: but she's not for platinum. I can ask the question and she can probably advise.

Speaker A: We have to, we have to find a way to like work better with Amazon because like, it does not make sense. I, I worry that what's going to happen is what happened before, which is start like destroying something or whatnot. Like that cost us over $30,000 and we're just like, okay, we can't keep operating like this. So like you have an account manager escalated to her. Ask her who could help us. Like we have to do better and we can't just be like, oh, we can't even ask them a question for 90 days.

Speaker C: Thing that's odd is like you're saying that's very awkward. I know the September ones were received in. That's why we were saying it doesn't matter when we ship it. Amazon receives in whatever they whenever they want. And it's like so hard to plan. So it's like you can keep shipping like every week or two weeks, but they won't receive it for another, what, two or three months if they decide. But then they'll receive in like the later shipment. It's like, okay, like I said, should be received September should have been received in by now, but you know, and then August we. Or October, we just sent. So they might receive that before September or August. You know what I mean? Yeah, That's a mess. If that's something you could address. I don't know.

Speaker B: Well, the thing is we never had this kind of issues before. I know we don't want to ship more frequently anymore. But you see, when we're. I understand that Amazon can do the same thing even if we. With all the shipments in a month, even if we ship month weekly. But the likeness of that happening is very, very low. I mean, if, I mean in terms of probability, let's say 20%, they do it in 20 cases. Right. That will, if we just do it twice a month, how much will that be? It's. It's like it will go down to 16 out of 100 times. So I mean in terms of probability anyway. So the likelihood of that happening with all the shipments goes down by a lot. So that's why we can't handle the frequency though.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Like internally do it and the shipment costs and the, you know, warehouse costing to prep all of this, like it's just multiplying in terms of what's needed.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: I'm just simply saying, like, do what you can to escalate it. Because I know that that person that was assigned to us, we asked her like three questions and the rest were like, oh, well, this is Amazon policy. Let's just sit and wait. Like, no, let's not. Because if we're selling a hundred thousand dollars of mixed berry and we've sent it to them and they're sitting on it, like that's not okay.

Speaker B: Sure, I'm just taking home.

Speaker C: Yeah, all right,

Speaker B: I understand that. I'll take care of that part. I had one suggestion here. So Amazon has a program, it's their warehouse apart from the fulfillment centers where you can store for a very long term. And before, when they launched it, it was not for. Not available for perishable units. What we sell now, it's also available, became available for perishable units and we can even send smaller boxes. Once they launched it six months ago, we are supposed to do only LTL shipments. But now we can even do smaller boxes. So I was thinking if we, if the costs and everything makes sense and if it works properly, we can probably test with one SKU first, we can store our inventory for a very long term. Like let's say six months of inventory can send it there and they also take care of all the shipments. So they will then manage the shipments to their fulfillment centers. When there's demand, they will manage that process automatically.

Speaker A: Like FDA or fba. Like what's that considered?

Speaker B: Yes, fba. So but it's different from the Amazon fulfillment centers. It's a different kind of warehouse setup that they have where you can store for a very long time.

Speaker A: We don't have long term inventory, so we're trying to move to just in time so that all our inventory turns over in three months or less.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I think it would make sense if financially that, you know, three months or less inventory would work. We could test it out. But I just. We don't store anything for longer than that. We try not to. Like that's what we're trying to move towards.

Speaker B: Right. I see. There are some cost advantages too with that in this U.S. for example, right now they have introduced the placement fee whenever you create shipments. Stephanie will know. So if we use that platform, they will also not charge that placement fee. But that's something very new. We can just test it out with just one sku.

Speaker A: Okay. All right. I would park that until we figure out our base stuff which is inventory management forecast and then we could worry about testing out new things. Okay, so I gotta run because I have a 2:30. But if, if, I mean I think we have enough of a marching orders at least for the next few days. Show him when you have that forecast and revised forecast and then just send it over and then we'll work off of that. And then also I think at some point we're going to have to take a look at even the forecast of 10 million plus and like see like where we overestimated. Like when I look at it quickly, even just on Costco side, Costco should be really easy to clean up because a lot of those items that were in the forecast, we don't even sell with Costco anymore. Like they've been taken down. So it doesn't make sense to keep it in there because that causes also an issue on our cash flow and production. Because production will say, well Jalka needs 2000 units of joy Burst Energy. They'll go and produce it and then it'll just sit in a warehouse and it won't sell because we don't sell it anymore. So that's why we definitely need to like realistically scrub it to say like okay, but like is this really needed? And come up with a more accurate one. I guess. So that brings me to the point, at some point we're going to have to say, how does our sell through rate compare to our forecast because when I asked Sabrina about hydration, I said two days ago, I looked at our in stock levels on Joy Burst, both in Canada and US on Amazon, and we had like two SKUs available. That was it. And I was like, how is this possible? Like, how is it possible that we're out of hydration, that we don't have any energy? And she basically said on the last shipment, I sent everything that Showham asked for. So we're either selling too fast compared to like what we forecasted, or, you know, we just. We're not comparing what we're selling through to what was in the. In the books.

Speaker B: Well, what happened is they're not. They're still inbound. That's what happened. So last shipment was. When was it shipped? It was like a week ago or something. So, I mean, September.

Speaker A: So I don't know if.

Speaker C: No, the new ones.

Speaker A: No, for hydration,

Speaker C: the last one we. Well, like we did new shipments this past week or last week. It wouldn't have been that. You're talking about the September ones?

Speaker A: She said, the last time I shipped

Speaker B: Joy, last one was just a few weeks, one week ago or something around. That is. I understand that. Zilker. The thing is, the challenge is big. And also we know this, that when we are not shipping on account, we don't have products in stock. I mean, it's running out of stock once in a while and a lot of things get interrupted. Advertisement Ranking everything. And I'll give you a very simple example that is Sling Quick us. Look at what we were doing for the Mixberry. We were doing 3600 plus. We couldn't even get there yet. Despite sending inventory for the last how two months and then they are still not available. See, we couldn't even get back to where we were. Forget about scaling to 4,000 eight times.

Speaker A: I'm saying something is broken and we need to figure out how to fix it. Like, that's the basics of what we should be able to or should be trying to fix in terms of, like, what's actually broken. Because there's a few items I don't ever want to be out of stock on, which is slim, quick mix, berry and tangerine. I don't want to be out of stock on hydration and I don't want to be out of stock on cookies. Like those three items, like, sell themselves. So I want to make sure that we have them. And if we are not getting what we should be, I need to be told and alerted so that we can figure out how to troubleshoot because those three items, like, we want to make sure that we have. And some of our, like, best selling items, even on, like, no sugar, if it's like, peanut butter bars or whatever. Just if you're not getting what you need, then ping me and let me. Let me know.

Speaker C: Yeah. The last. Last order I did for Joy Burst or The hydration was September 18th. So after that, it was this past week, the last week.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: So I don't know I received it yet, but I'll have to check their statuses of those ones.

Speaker A: Yeah, something's definitely broken because every time I log into our Amazon account, I'm like, we're out.

Speaker C: Yeah, it's not even inbound. It just says on hold or whatever. I'm like. Like, I think I checked the summer ones. It's like, we sent those months ago.

Speaker A: Yeah, Amazon.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: I don't know, maybe somebody down there doesn't like us, but.

Speaker C: Bezos.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Awesome. Let's touch base again next week. Sorry for. For the super rushed call, but I'm hopeful we're gonna get there soon. We're rebuilding the team, essentially. So I have a bunch of interviews over the next little while, and I could hear my next meeting already started. But we will talk. If you need me, just text me or. Or message me and we'll try to get.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah. All right. Thank you so much.

Speaker A: Thank you.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'll see you soon. Bye.

Speaker A: Bye.

