Transcript for: Recording__110.mp4
Title: Recording #110
============================================================

So you did get that email and everything regarding the transition. Did you get a chance to check the link? No. No worries. If you could go ahead and check the link and see if you can send me a message on teams before the next class just to see how it is. You don't necessarily have to use it next class, but just to check the link is working for everybody. Okay. Okay. Before Skype does completely. Wow. I didn't expect it at all. Skype, come on. Skype is not going to be there. Yeah, I only use teams a little bit so far. But you don't like it. I already missed. Oh, all right. So we've been talking about clusters. That's what we talked about last time was. Can you remind me what that was all about? No, I forgot. I'm sorry. I'm just still trying to load, actually, the teams link. Don't worry about it right now. Just sometime for next class, sending me a message just to make sure that we're connected on there. Okay, sure. Okay. Let me log into your accent advisor then. Okay. Very disorganized these days. I'm missing on different things. Sometimes meetings, client meetings, therapy session. And your class, how to do all three. Yeah. Okay. So the clusters. Yes, yes. So I remember the clusters. Yes, I remember the cluster. So it's like I don't remember exactly what it was, but I remember three consonants together. And the one in the middle will not be pronounced. Yeah. And we're going to do that for most combinations. There's some combinations where we don't do that. But let's go ahead and look at the practice sheet real quick. I just want to practice it a little bit. So if you remember, for the most part, you did pretty well with it. If it was within a single word, like bustle. It's always bustle. The T is always silent. It's never bustle. But then in some words where it was changed, like most, becoming mostly dropping that C was a little bit more of a challenge. So I want to do the practice sheet a little bit right now. And then I want to talk about something you can keep an ear out for. Cool. And is it the aspiration one or the reduction? We're going to look at the aspirations. Okay. All right. So I'm on the worksheet right now. Yeah. Because we already went over the presentation, so we're going to do the practice for constant cluster reductions. Sure. Yeah, let's do it. Do you want me to read the sentences? Yeah, you can read the first 10. I'm going to keep a Little bit of an ear out for something. Okay. You no longer look unkempt after your haircut. Margaret clamped the pieces together while they dried. What prompt you to take the job? You. Okay. What prompted. Sorry. Sorry. What? What. What prompted you to take the job? He made the slightest attempt to smile. Okay, I'm. I don't think I'm doing it properly anyway. I'll just keep reading. You can no longer tempt me with sweets. Good. Our landscaping team has many projects to complete before windstorm lands on the grounds. Honestly, after reading the scripts for the TV series, I'm pumped. You're what? I'm pumped to perform some of the stunts. Okay. I believe. Okay. You see, I'm not pronouncing that with shoah. Anyway, I believe that the demands of this job are leaving me crammed for time and energy. Judy interrupts me every time I start speaking. I can contribute five dollars and 75 cents. Okay. All right. You said you feel you were doing it correctly. Well, I think I did them better after I said that I'm not doing it properly. But for the sentences. I mean, before that, I don't think I was doing it properly. Probably not properly, because, well, even if I have done it properly, that's probably very. I've done it unconsciously. Yeah, I think I noticed that, too. But I also noticed a little bit of correlation. So you said if you didn't think you were doing it properly. And then right after that, it changed the type of clusters we were working with. So I think that kind of helped a little bit as well. So I noticed that when it has M in the clusters, those are the ones that were kind of more difficult for you. We even went back into M clusters, like number eight with the word grant or something like that. You did well with, like, windstorm lands, grounds, stuff like that. But the M seem to kind of throw you off. So do you feel like it's harder to drop the sound? Yeah. Or clap? Okay. Yes, sure. Definitely prompt it. I cannot. I have to eliminate the M. No, I have to eliminate the P. Right. Clap. Yeah. So for this one, you remember talking about how it's hard to get rid of the P here since M and P are related. Like, do you remember how to. I don't remember how they. So how do you make the M sound? M? With my. Oh, yes. The lips come together. Yeah. Yeah. So what was going on, Phillips? It's like for M, where the lips will come together. Close my lips towards the end, but for P, I'll open my lips, Right? Yeah. So it can be hard to totally eliminate the sound. For example, if I'm saying unkempt, you might even hear a little bit of a beer unkempt. Just because as I'm opening my lips, after I'm done making the N sound, a little bit of air is going to come out, and that's naturally how P is formed, so you don't have to eliminate it. Unkempt, clamped, prompted. If it's there a little bit, don't freak out. Like, oh, my gosh, I can't have that sound there. Just don't go out of your way. We don't really want to have two separate stops into your backpack. We don't want to say unkempt or clamped or something like that. That's all it's saying here. Yeah. So if you hear a little bit of a beat, but go right into the decent T sound. And one thing that might make this easier is a little bit like, where's your tongue? Okay. I. I don't know. Tongue has no role in it. So it's. Okay. It's just resting position. That's it. So it's at the bottom. Yeah. Put it on your alveolar ridge. Put it on your alveolar. I mean. Okay, so that way you make the T. Right. And then right as you're dropping your jaw to release the M. Yeah. You can jump into the T instead of going. So it's like it's ready to pronounce T. The tongue is ready to pronounce T. Prepare. Pre. Prepare. Okay, so get your tongue ready. And we can do this quite a bit in English where if you have one part of your mouth that isn't really related to the current sound, you're able to switch it. We do this with R quite a bit. If we say something like root. You see how my lips are rounded for the next sound? But if I say run, run, my lips need to be relaxed for that sound. So they're relaxed during the R. Lips don't matter as much to R. So for parry. For the next. In this case, you're paring at the top. Got it. Yes. Not the sentences, but you could read maybe a couple of these words. Just practice. Clamped. Prompted. Attempt. Huh? Oh, you want me to read them? Yes, please. Uncammed. Clamped. Prompted. Attempt. Attempt. Yeah. Does it feel a little bit easier? Yeah. Sounding a bit better. So, yeah. Awesome. So the one thing I would look out for is maybe going over this and checking with suffixes. Aha. Okay. Suffixes. So varnable number 10. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Just the word. Yeah. Sense. Yeah. So with that one, I think just with the first reading, you hesitated just a tiny, tiny bit. And I think this kind of leads again into. If it has a suffix, in this case, S, then you have to change how this pronounced. Right. So how do you say without that? Same. Yeah, so you say like either a half or glottal. Now it's just completely gone. So you got rid of it. Now you're getting rid of all of it. All right, questions on these. So I shouldn't get rid of the T, should I? You do no even no when there's no S. No. It should not be a silent tea. Sen and sent. Okay, so what is it again? Yes. So you have like either a glove or a half tea. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what I'm saying. It's not like I'm eliminating the T when it's without. Yeah, okay. Yeah, but you are when the S is added. Yes. Okay, so now what should we do? We're gonna go over some other clusters. So if you could open consonant cluster aspiration presentation. Okay. You never go to the presentation, do you? They changed the presentations lately before. They were oversimplified for my liking, but they're. They're better now. Okay. All right, I'm there. All right, go ahead and go to the second part and read the explanation for me, please. All right. Consonant cluster aspiration explanation. When some consonants are grouped together, only the last one is aspirated or released. When sounds like P, B, K, G, D, or T are followed by another consonant, they are not aspirated and there is no vowel sound inserted in between. So do you remember what these sounds have in common? What these sounds have in common? Yes, I do. So these are all stop sounds. What does that mean? Hey, I forgot what that means, but you know what I mean. I seriously forgot what that means. So it means that their soft sounds, they stop there. Oh, yes. Okay, got it. Yeah. So stop and release. They have step one and then they have step two. Stop one, stop there, step two, release there. Yeah. So for example, P. Yeah, I remember. Yeah. So they have step one, step two. And that's important because what we're going to be talking about today is how you use step one and step two. And so what is the little bit of a hint or give in here? It's talking about which one is aspirated or released? Well, the stop sounds are not aspirated. No, none of them are. And then there is something else. There is no vowel sound inserted in between. What's it Saying in the first bullet point here, though. Oh. When some consonants are grouped together, only the last one is aspirated or released. Right. Sorry, go ahead. So what the second bullet point from that one, it means if there is another consonant after these stop sounds, then these stop sounds will not be aspirated or released. So what it's saying here is if you have two stop sounds back to back, then only the second one is going to be aspirated or released. So, for example, let's go ahead and say if we have M and if we have pt, P is a stop, T is also a stop. So if you have a word with P and then t in it, like lip or lift, you're not going to have. You're not going to be doing step one and step two with both of them. You're going to be doing step one with the first one and step two, the second one. Only the second one is always going to have that first area, aspiration. Okay. I don't know if I got it because I was distracted with another thought. Sorry. How to do you. Let's get into it more. We'll look at some examples and kind of click it that way. So go to the next page and read the instructions, please. Yeah. Should we. Okay, I'm going to read that. When an aspirated consonant comes before another consonant, don't release it. Even when they are not released or aspirated, the voiced consonants still have voice vibration. Oh, my God. Yeah, yeah, we looked at that a little bit. With final stops where even if you don't release the word D like in dad, it still doesn't have that voicing. I almost feel like an artist now. This is my instrument. You gotta go off of the. All right. As always, I recommend this video. It's well put together, as all of them are. But for the time of class, we're gonna go ahead and push forward a little bit. So on the fifth slide, so you can see a little bit of a pattern, all of these words have two stop next to each other. Right. I want to go over the word fact. So why is this showing up here? It has ed. Yeah. I don't know. So how is the E pronounced in this word? Sagged. It's not pronounced. Yes, yes. So since it's not pronounced. And how is the D pronounced? Sagged. I don't know. I'm just pronouncing as it should be. Yeah. So when you pronounce that, how is it pronounced? Well, it has, like, you know, it's acting as a stop sound. It has that aspiration to act. Yes. No, no. Does. Does. It's pronounced as a D, which is a stop consonant, right? No. What I was wondering is in some cases, when the stop consonant is at the end, you don't do the release. Right. It's just the first part that you do, especially for T. I don't know if that applies for T. It does. T is a subconscious. So it does apply. The thing with T, though, is that T has the option where it can either be an unreleased T or it can turn into a glottal in these circumstances, where it would be up and the one that you're talking about. So in this case, do you remember the rule of when it's unreleased? Yes. What is it? Well, you just don't do the second part, which is to create that pressure and release it. Release, Remember? Not release. So it's with an S. Release. Okay. Yes. But when does that happen? When does that happen? When it's at the end. That's one case for sure. Yep. So with the stop sound at the end of the word, we have one more factor here. I think there should be a vowel before that. Something like that. I forgot. Yeah. Stop sound. End the word after L, R, M, N or a vowel. Okay. L, R, M, N, R. A vowel after that. If the stop sound is there, then it will be unreleased. Yes. Yes. So does this word follow that rule? Sag. Well, you said that we are. Sagged. So D is a SAP sound, correct? Yes. Is it at the end of a word? Yes. Is it after a vowel? L, R, M or N? Yes. Is it though? It is. How is he pronounced here? I don't think I'm releasing it when I'm pronouncing it. So E is silent here. It does not count. Oh, okay. Since E is silent, it doesn't count. So, for example, we went over something like, how would you pronounce? I'll put in the chat. How would you pronounce this word? 9. Is the tea released or unreleased? Well, you know what? Since I learned about T at the end, I just don't release this one. I think that's. Yeah. So you have to be careful not to overcorrect. And what that means is you're like, oh, okay, I'm practicing to not release T here, here, here, and here. So now I'm not going to release it at all. So there are times where you still have to release it, like in the word sad or list or something like that, where it would have to be pronounced. How about nine? You tell me, is it Stop sound. It is a stop sound. It's not after a vowel or LM on our end, so probably it will be. What's it after? It's after H. Oh, is H pronounced night? No, it's not. So what's it actually after? Because we're not going off spelling G. Is G pronounced? No. Oh, I see. I. Huh? Yes. So I is a vowel. So I see. Not released. Yeah, nine. It's not. And another factor of this is. How do you say this word? It. So are you releasing the T? What are you doing? I think I'm getting confused these days because sometimes I probably do it in one way when I'm not having this discussion. And now I'm confused now that we are having this discussion about it. So we're just. We're checking if it follows the rule right now. That's all we're doing. So is it a stop sound? Yes. D. Yes, it is a stop sound, but it's not the end. What's at the end either? How is E pronounced in this word? No, we're not pronouncing it. So does it count? Okay. No. All right. So is it another word in reality or just our spelling? I mean, if you spell it, it's not, but E can be ignored since we're not pronouncing it right and it's after a vowel. So remember, language adapts and language changes most of the time. Sometimes spelling does have a factor, but most of the time it's going to be based on how you actually speak. So if you actually speak and you're not pronouncing the g h, then it's actually after nine. If you're not pronouncing the E, it's not actually at the end of the word. So I think it might be helpful to refresh word final steps. But all this is to say that the word fact and any other word that ends in a stop sound and then has et, unless it's ends in trd, is going to follow the constant cluster rule or the aspiration cluster rule, where we have G and then we have D that E is not there and therefore they are side to side. Okay, so what I think might be helpful is we're going to go ahead and go over this a little bit more, talk about what is really happening here. So go ahead. And I want you to review word final stops. We'll review together as well, and we'll talk about how they're related here. So go over ed word final stops and how it relates to this. Yeah, okay. So you want me to read these examples here, Practice words. Not for now. We'll go ahead and finish this up next time. Okay, so I want you to review word final subs and we'll review Word final subs. And remember, are we trusting English spelling in this practice? No. No. You should almost never trust English. Yes, I can see that. All right, so just basically go through. Go through the practices practice sheet and remind yourself that spelling cannot be trusted. And we'll go over it a little bit next time. Okay? Sure. Yeah. Well, I'm thinking so much, I guess, anyway. Yeah. Yeah. All right. I'll see you next time, I guess. Next time when I'm. When is our class? We are not meeting tomorrow, correct? We're meeting on 29th, right? The 29th. Yes. So, sure. Right. Okay. I'll. Yeah, no, I'll be flying, so I'll be pretty busy and I'll have to start cooking kind of here. I don't have to. Anyway. Yeah. All right. Thank you so much for the class. I'll see you next week. All right, see you. Bye. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: So you did get that email and everything regarding the transition. Did you get a chance to check the link?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: No worries. If you could go ahead and check the link and see if you can send me a message on teams before the next class just to see how it is. You don't necessarily have to use it next class, but just to check the link is working for everybody.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Before Skype does completely.

Speaker B: Wow. I didn't expect it at all. Skype, come on. Skype is not going to be there.

Speaker A: Yeah, I only use teams a little bit so far.

Speaker B: But you don't like it.

Speaker A: I already missed.

Speaker B: Oh,

Speaker A: all right. So we've been talking about clusters. That's what we talked about last time was. Can you remind me what that was all about?

Speaker B: No, I forgot. I'm sorry. I'm just still trying to load, actually, the teams link.

Speaker A: Don't worry about it right now. Just sometime for next class, sending me a message just to make sure that we're connected on there.

Speaker B: Okay, sure. Okay. Let me log into your accent advisor then.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Very disorganized these days. I'm missing on different things. Sometimes meetings, client meetings, therapy session. And your class, how to do

Speaker A: all three.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. So the clusters.

Speaker A: Yes, yes. So I remember the clusters.

Speaker B: Yes, I remember the cluster. So it's like I don't remember exactly what it was, but I remember three consonants together. And the one in the middle will not be pronounced.

Speaker A: Yeah. And we're going to do that for most combinations. There's some combinations where we don't do that. But let's go ahead and look at the practice sheet real quick. I just want to practice it a little bit. So if you remember, for the most part, you did pretty well with it. If it was within a single word, like bustle. It's always bustle. The T is always silent. It's never bustle. But then in some words where it was changed, like most, becoming mostly dropping that C was a little bit more of a challenge. So I want to do the practice sheet a little bit right now. And then I want to talk about something you can keep an ear out for.

Speaker B: Cool. And is it the aspiration one or the reduction?

Speaker A: We're going to look at the aspirations.

Speaker B: Okay. All right. So I'm on the worksheet right now. Yeah.

Speaker A: Because we already went over the presentation, so we're going to do the practice for constant cluster reductions.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah, let's do it. Do you want me to read the sentences?

Speaker A: Yeah, you can read the first 10. I'm going to keep a Little bit of an ear out for something.

Speaker B: Okay. You no longer look unkempt after your haircut. Margaret clamped the pieces together while they dried. What prompt you to take the job?

Speaker A: You.

Speaker B: Okay. What prompted. Sorry. Sorry. What? What. What prompted you to take the job? He made the slightest attempt to smile. Okay, I'm. I don't think I'm doing it properly anyway. I'll just keep reading. You can no longer tempt me with sweets. Good. Our landscaping team has many projects to complete before windstorm lands on the grounds. Honestly, after reading the scripts for the TV series, I'm pumped.

Speaker A: You're what?

Speaker B: I'm pumped to perform some of the stunts. Okay. I believe. Okay. You see, I'm not pronouncing that with shoah. Anyway, I believe that the demands of this job are leaving me crammed for time and energy. Judy interrupts me every time I start speaking. I can contribute five dollars and 75 cents. Okay.

Speaker A: All right. You said you feel you were doing it correctly.

Speaker B: Well, I think I did them better after I said that I'm not doing it properly. But for the sentences. I mean, before that, I don't think I was doing it properly. Probably not properly, because, well, even if I have done it properly, that's probably very. I've done it unconsciously.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think I noticed that, too. But I also noticed a little bit of correlation. So you said if you didn't think you were doing it properly. And then right after that, it changed the type of clusters we were working with. So I think that kind of helped a little bit as well. So I noticed that when it has M in the clusters, those are the ones that were kind of more difficult for you. We even went back into M clusters, like number eight with the word grant

Speaker B: or

Speaker A: something like that. You did well with, like, windstorm lands, grounds, stuff like that. But the M seem to kind of throw you off. So do you feel like it's harder to drop the sound?

Speaker B: Yeah. Or clap?

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yes, sure. Definitely prompt it. I cannot. I have to eliminate the M. No, I have to eliminate the P. Right. Clap.

Speaker A: Yeah. So for this one, you remember talking about how it's hard to get rid of the P here since M and P are related. Like, do you remember how to.

Speaker B: I don't remember how they.

Speaker A: So how do you make the M sound?

Speaker B: M? With my. Oh, yes. The lips come together.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. So what was going on, Phillips?

Speaker B: It's like for M, where the lips will come together. Close my lips towards the end, but for P, I'll open my lips, Right?

Speaker A: Yeah. So it can be hard to totally eliminate the sound. For example, if I'm saying unkempt, you might even hear a little bit of a beer unkempt. Just because as I'm opening my lips, after I'm done making the N sound, a little bit of air is going to come out, and that's naturally how P is formed, so you don't have to eliminate it. Unkempt, clamped, prompted. If it's there a little bit, don't freak out. Like, oh, my gosh, I can't have that sound there. Just don't go out of your way. We don't really want to have two separate stops into your backpack. We don't want to say unkempt or clamped or something like that. That's all it's saying here.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So if you hear a little bit of a beat, but go right into

Speaker B: the decent T sound.

Speaker A: And one thing that might make this easier is a little bit like, where's your tongue?

Speaker B: Okay. I. I don't know. Tongue has no role in it. So it's. Okay. It's just resting position. That's it.

Speaker A: So it's at the bottom.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Put it on your alveolar ridge. Put it on your alveolar.

Speaker B: I mean.

Speaker A: Okay, so that way you make the T. Right. And then right as you're dropping your jaw to release the M. Yeah. You can jump into the T instead of going.

Speaker B: So it's like it's ready to pronounce

Speaker A: T. The tongue is ready to pronounce T. Prepare. Pre. Prepare. Okay, so get your tongue ready. And we can do this quite a bit in English where if you have one part of your mouth that isn't really related to the current sound, you're able to switch it. We do this with R quite a bit. If we say something like root. You see how my lips are rounded for the next sound? But if I say run, run, my lips need to be relaxed for that sound. So they're relaxed during the R. Lips don't matter as much to R. So for parry. For the next. In this case, you're paring at the top.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: Yes. Not the sentences, but you could read maybe a couple of these words. Just practice. Clamped. Prompted. Attempt.

Speaker B: Huh? Oh, you want me to read them?

Speaker A: Yes, please.

Speaker B: Uncammed. Clamped. Prompted. Attempt. Attempt. Yeah.

Speaker A: Does it feel a little bit easier? Yeah. Sounding a bit better.

Speaker B: So, yeah.

Speaker A: Awesome. So the one thing I would look out for is maybe going over this and checking with suffixes.

Speaker B: Aha. Okay. Suffixes.

Speaker A: So varnable number 10.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. Yeah. Just the word.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Sense.

Speaker A: Yeah. So with that one, I think just with the first reading, you hesitated just a tiny, tiny bit. And I think this kind of leads again into. If it has a suffix, in this case, S, then you have to change how this pronounced. Right. So how do you say without that?

Speaker B: Same.

Speaker A: Yeah, so you say like either a half or glottal. Now it's just completely gone. So you got rid of it. Now you're getting rid of all of it. All right, questions on these.

Speaker B: So I shouldn't get rid of the T, should I? You do no even no when there's no S.

Speaker A: No. It should not be a silent tea. Sen and sent.

Speaker B: Okay, so what is it again? Yes.

Speaker A: So you have like either a glove or a half tea.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what I'm saying. It's not like I'm eliminating the T when it's without. Yeah, okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, but you are when the S is added.

Speaker B: Yes. Okay, so now what should we do?

Speaker A: We're gonna go over some other clusters. So if you could open consonant cluster aspiration presentation.

Speaker B: Okay. You never go to the presentation, do you?

Speaker A: They changed the presentations lately before. They were oversimplified for my liking, but they're. They're better now.

Speaker B: Okay. All right, I'm there.

Speaker A: All right, go ahead and go to the second part and read the explanation for me, please.

Speaker B: All right. Consonant cluster aspiration explanation. When some consonants are grouped together, only the last one is aspirated or released. When sounds like P, B, K, G, D, or T are followed by another consonant, they are not aspirated and there is no vowel sound inserted in between.

Speaker A: So do you remember what these sounds have in common?

Speaker B: What these sounds have in common? Yes, I do. So these are all stop sounds.

Speaker A: What does that mean?

Speaker B: Hey, I forgot what that means, but you know what I mean. I seriously forgot what that means.

Speaker A: So it means that their soft sounds, they stop there.

Speaker B: Oh, yes. Okay, got it.

Speaker A: Yeah. So stop and release. They have step one and then they have step two. Stop one, stop there, step two, release there.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So for example, P.

Speaker B: Yeah, I remember.

Speaker A: Yeah. So they have step one, step two. And that's important because what we're going to be talking about today is how you use step one and step two. And so what is the little bit of a hint or give in here? It's talking about which one is aspirated or released?

Speaker B: Well, the stop sounds are not aspirated.

Speaker A: No, none of them are.

Speaker B: And then there is something else. There is no vowel sound inserted in between.

Speaker A: What's it Saying in the first bullet point here, though.

Speaker B: Oh. When some consonants are grouped together, only the last one is aspirated or released.

Speaker A: Right. Sorry, go ahead.

Speaker B: So what the second bullet point from that one, it means if there is another consonant after these stop sounds, then these stop sounds will not be aspirated or released.

Speaker A: So what it's saying here is if you have two stop sounds back to back, then only the second one is going to be aspirated or released. So, for example, let's go ahead and say if we have M and if we have pt, P is a stop, T is also a stop. So if you have a word with P and then t in it, like lip or lift, you're not going to have. You're not going to be doing step one and step two with both of them. You're going to be doing step one with the first one and step two, the second one. Only the second one is always going to have that first area, aspiration.

Speaker B: Okay. I don't know if I got it because I was distracted with another thought. Sorry.

Speaker A: How to do you. Let's get into it more. We'll look at some examples and kind of click it that way. So go to the next page and read the instructions, please.

Speaker B: Yeah. Should we. Okay, I'm going to read that. When an aspirated consonant comes before another consonant, don't release it. Even when they are not released or aspirated, the voiced consonants still have voice vibration. Oh, my God.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, we looked at that a little bit. With final stops where even if you don't release the word D like in dad, it still doesn't have that voicing.

Speaker B: I almost feel like an artist now. This is my instrument.

Speaker A: You gotta go off of the. All right. As always, I recommend this video. It's well put together, as all of them are. But for the time of class, we're gonna go ahead and push forward a little bit. So on the fifth slide, so you can see a little bit of a pattern, all of these words have two stop next to each other. Right. I want to go over the word fact. So why is this showing up here? It has ed.

Speaker B: Yeah. I don't know.

Speaker A: So how is the E pronounced in this word?

Speaker B: Sagged. It's not pronounced.

Speaker A: Yes, yes. So since it's not pronounced. And how is the D pronounced?

Speaker B: Sagged. I don't know. I'm just pronouncing as it should be.

Speaker A: Yeah. So when you pronounce that, how is it pronounced?

Speaker B: Well, it has, like, you know, it's acting as a stop sound. It has that aspiration to act.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: No, no. Does.

Speaker A: Does. It's pronounced as a D, which is

Speaker B: a stop consonant, right? No. What I was wondering is in some cases, when the stop consonant is at the end, you don't do the release. Right. It's just the first part that you do, especially for T. I don't know if that applies for T. It does.

Speaker A: T is a subconscious. So it does apply. The thing with T, though, is that T has the option where it can either be an unreleased T or it can turn into a glottal in these circumstances, where it would be up and the one that you're talking about. So in this case, do you remember the rule of when it's unreleased?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: What is it?

Speaker B: Well, you just don't do the second part, which is to create that pressure and release it.

Speaker A: Release, Remember? Not release. So it's with an S. Release.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yes. But when does that happen?

Speaker B: When does that happen? When it's at the end. That's one case for sure.

Speaker A: Yep. So with the stop sound at the end of the word, we have one more factor here.

Speaker B: I think there should be a vowel before that. Something like that. I forgot.

Speaker A: Yeah. Stop sound. End the word after L, R, M, N or a vowel.

Speaker B: Okay. L, R, M, N, R. A vowel after that. If the stop sound is there, then it will be unreleased.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So does this word follow that rule?

Speaker B: Sag. Well, you said that we are. Sagged.

Speaker A: So D is a SAP sound, correct?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Is it at the end of a word?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Is it after a vowel? L, R, M or N?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Is it though?

Speaker B: It is.

Speaker A: How is he pronounced here?

Speaker B: I don't think I'm releasing it when I'm pronouncing it.

Speaker A: So E is silent here. It does not count.

Speaker B: Oh, okay.

Speaker A: Since E is silent, it doesn't count. So, for example, we went over something like, how would you pronounce? I'll put in the chat. How would you pronounce this word?

Speaker B: 9.

Speaker A: Is the tea released or unreleased?

Speaker B: Well, you know what? Since I learned about T at the end, I just don't release this one. I think that's.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you have to be careful not to overcorrect. And what that means is you're like, oh, okay, I'm practicing to not release T here, here, here, and here. So now I'm not going to release it at all. So there are times where you still have to release it, like in the word sad or list or something like that, where it would have to be pronounced.

Speaker B: How about nine?

Speaker A: You tell me, is it Stop sound.

Speaker B: It is a stop sound. It's not after a vowel or LM on our end, so probably it will be.

Speaker A: What's it after?

Speaker B: It's after H. Oh, is H pronounced night? No, it's not.

Speaker A: So what's it actually after? Because we're not going off spelling G. Is G pronounced?

Speaker B: No. Oh, I see. I. Huh?

Speaker A: Yes. So I is a vowel. So

Speaker B: I see. Not released. Yeah, nine.

Speaker A: It's not. And another factor of this is. How do you say this word?

Speaker B: It.

Speaker A: So are you releasing the T? What are you doing?

Speaker B: I think I'm getting confused these days because sometimes I probably do it in one way when I'm not having this discussion. And now I'm confused now that we are having this discussion about it.

Speaker A: So we're just. We're checking if it follows the rule right now. That's all we're doing. So is it a stop sound?

Speaker B: Yes. D. Yes, it is a stop sound, but it's not the end.

Speaker A: What's at the end either? How is E pronounced in this word?

Speaker B: No, we're not pronouncing it.

Speaker A: So does it count?

Speaker B: Okay. No. All right.

Speaker A: So is it another word in reality or just our spelling?

Speaker B: I mean, if you spell it, it's not, but E can be ignored since we're not pronouncing it right and it's after a vowel.

Speaker A: So remember, language adapts and language changes most of the time. Sometimes spelling does have a factor, but most of the time it's going to be based on how you actually speak. So if you actually speak and you're not pronouncing the g h, then it's actually after nine. If you're not pronouncing the E, it's not actually at the end of the word. So I think it might be helpful to refresh word final steps. But all this is to say that the word fact and any other word that ends in a stop sound and then has et, unless it's ends in trd, is going to follow the constant cluster rule or the aspiration cluster rule, where we have G and then we have D that E is not there and therefore they are side to side. Okay, so what I think might be helpful is we're going to go ahead and go over this a little bit more, talk about what is really happening here. So go ahead. And I want you to review word final stops. We'll review together as well, and we'll talk about how they're related here. So go over ed word final stops and how it relates to this.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay. So you want me to read these examples here, Practice words.

Speaker A: Not for now. We'll go ahead and finish this up next time.

Speaker B: Okay,

Speaker A: so I want you to review word final subs and we'll review Word final subs. And remember, are we trusting English spelling in this practice? No.

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: You should almost never trust English.

Speaker B: Yes, I can see that.

Speaker A: All right, so just basically go through. Go through the practices practice sheet and remind yourself that spelling cannot be trusted. And we'll go over it a little bit next time. Okay?

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah. Well, I'm thinking so much, I guess, anyway. Yeah. Yeah. All right. I'll see you next time, I guess. Next time when I'm. When is our class? We are not meeting tomorrow, correct? We're meeting on 29th, right? The 29th.

Speaker A: Yes. So, sure.

Speaker B: Right. Okay.

Speaker A: I'll.

Speaker B: Yeah, no, I'll be flying, so I'll be pretty busy and I'll have to start cooking kind of here. I don't have to. Anyway. Yeah. All right. Thank you so much for the class. I'll see you next week.

Speaker A: All right, see you. Bye.

Speaker B: Bye now.

