Transcript for: Recording__1153.mp4
Title: Recording #1153
============================================================

And when I do that, it says it'll still need to verify. So if I go in, this is the first time I've gone in. And her passport number is still there. So that's a good sign. So it seems like we're just waiting for review. Do you want to share your screen, Brittany? Are you able to see what you're looking at? Yeah, So now when I go in, because before from my account, it would not let me enter in her passport number. But now I'm logged in. I'm logged in under orders. So now I can do that. So it's there expiring everything. That's all done. So at the top, please review and edit your details. Please note we will verify the information. So show home. I think at this point I just need your advice because this is probably the 12th time I've done this. Okay. And it says, I hereby confirm the beneficial ownership information above is accurate. This includes all persons who are directly or indirectly owner control. 25% or more. Yeah. So if I go submit for verification. Oh, so you need to upload the document again. Oh, this is the first time it's asked me for this. Okay. Is that the same thing that was asked on Shopify? What was. What's a registration? Oh, the company registration number. Registered business address. Address represents your primary place of business, where you receive services from at. This represents your registered business address, will be displayed on your public seller profile page. Okay, so what is it asking you to upload? Oh, so it's a registration extract. So can you go like. There's a help icon there, Question icon there. Yeah, that's what I clicked. No, no, no, it's a document address. Yeah, it's a registration extract. You see just below the company registration number. Registration extract. Yeah. This is what you have to. So we had our. I don't think our incorporation documents have the address, but do not. And this is why this will be so important to record Britney, what we do. Because I don't remember this specifically happening with Saba when we had to update the last. Because when we did this with Shopify, we ended up having. Didn't we have to get something from Sheena, Natasha and Lisa? It was so many things. It was like Natasha's bank statements. It also was like the shares of all the shareholders. Okay. Did we actually load that in? Yeah, and they still rejected it. And then that's when it finally got escalated because we were like, we can't give you anything else. Okay. Yeah. On this Shopify thing. Okay. So. Well, this is just Saying, can you just take a snip of this and put it over into an email to Natasha H, Lisa and Natasha V and say we need a document that outlines all of this for Amazon and then put me on it and just say if we need to jump on a quick call to walk through what it's asking. But yeah, looks like it just needs something just verifying. That's so crazy. Like why does Amazon need all this? You know, I think it is, don't you think your home. It's like the government. Isn't the government requiring this now? Because it's all like tax crap. Likely. I'm not sure what's going on, but Amazon has started becoming very strict regarding this. And also it's not just a one time thing. It feels like almost a yearly thing. Yeah. Cause I remember something like this happened like last time. I don't remember this part, but like literally last time we did this for identities. Like they were asking Natasha's mortgage statements and things had to be uploaded. It's crazy how much this company is attached to us personally. So crazy. It was like, yeah, passport, mortgage statements. I think I just had to put my ID in. But yeah, So we'll try there to just see what document we can get and I guess that's the next step. We're at Brittany, right? Yeah. So today was the first day though that it actually sent an email to orders and then also that it accepted her passport or yesterday, I entered her passport again yesterday and it finally went through and then show home. Do you have any other brands we could speak to about this specific process that they've had to go through and how they do it? Like not all brands have their founders directly involved and attached to their Amazon accounts. Like how are they? No, we definitely have to. I mean generally what I have done for some other clients, I had to include the beneficial beneficiaries, the owners. We had to include those information. A lot of it actually. Like you are describing for for example, address for the person. So their residential. Yeah, their residential address, utility bills. But when it comes to directors and shareholders, have you had to in your company literally get personal information from every director and shareholder? Our shareholders and directors will not give that information information. So just one individual though, right? Like yeah. And for the rest you probably will have to upload this information for a primary contact if one of the directors want to be the primary contact. And for the rest you may need to provide the information. For example, in this same page you will also see another option where you need to add Other beneficiaries. Beneficiary information. So. Right. Yeah, but is that optional or you. I think we should upload them. If we have multiple beneficiaries, it's better to be transparent. Yeah. Again like our shareholder structure and director sh. Like we have like hundreds. Like it's not like our directors. And then even our directors are part of VC companies, like big corporations. Right. They're not going to give information. It's not an individual. It's a corporate like golden opportunities and PIC funds. Like so it does say anyone over 25%. Okay. Yeah. So that's five. But again like VC companies are, are not going to provide. It's a, it's a. It's a company. It's not an individual. It's an equity. It's a venture capital company fund. Yeah. So that's the weird thing. So I'm wondering, show home if you have someone that maybe has a similar shirt that we could speak. No, like not a similar structure. No, not with venture capital farms. That's weird. Alicia. Sorry. Ideally it just is structured where it's just only noting one individual as Natasha as one of the majorities. And we just keep trying to make. Make sure we hash that way. Just depends on the document that gets uploaded, what it breaks out and what they. Yeah, yeah, sorry. Alicia, just to clarify, you want Lisa, Natasha H. And Natasha Van Hurk. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. I was trying to leave her you guys out of this, but man, it is. Because I think what happened with Shopify there. Brittany. I think once it got escalated with Shopify, they said it's okay, you don't have to do that. Like they basically just said we don't need to go that far. We have what we need. Right. Well, but they already had at that point they had like that the shares document. Like Right. There was literally nothing else to give them. You know what I mean? Like. But. Yeah, but besides like you're saying documents of individuals, which nuts. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So a conversation and see what we can just get loaded in there. And we'll. We'll likely just have to maybe even jump on a call with Natasha H. And Lisa Brittany with just what documents we load and see if they work like. Yeah. And what kind of hole gets dug. This is like normal where like it's just frustrating that that business address ask. That's the first time that's that's popped up and that has happened. Like I've been in here five times a day since it happened. But again, just for everyone's like, obviously we have to deal with this. But it is saying not. You have until October 29th. Yeah, yeah. So we're not losing it. Yeah. Who knows how long it will take. So yeah, keep prioritizing and progressing it and just as long as we keep doing that. Yeah. Okay. So getting back then there was one stranded inventory thing which I had fixed and asked for disposition. There was just one unit of one of the items. So which is fine. Another issue which I face often is let's say default contact or any of. Listen, let's say if Brittany or if Alicia, if any one of them goes into login, the OTP always comes to my mobile. Is there a way that we can avoid this and switch to any other verification step instead of message coming to my personal mobile number? No, that has literally been something Annabelle with unless Show Home, you know, something different but like like a 2fa or something in a nightmare to an app. We can do that. Yes, we can set up an authenticator app. Google Authenticator, for example. Yeah. What is the deal that anyone can do that, right? Anyone can do that. Yeah, I thought so. Okay, sorry. So you're saying you cannot do the two step show Home to get into the Amazon. No, we'll do that. But within like. Oh, I see. We have that set up for Instagram so that it doesn't go to my phone. It actually goes through Keeper. I don't know if you remember that, Alicia. The other option was like, it was like a twenty thousand dollar like program that we had to have. But then we like figured out that Keeper could do it. Right. I was trying to show my screen. Yeah, yeah. I don't know if you can see it. No. Can you? No, no, no. Right. It must be a Google Authenticator app, right? Yeah, yeah. So how. Who knows how to do that? So are we suggesting that everybody does that for their accounts? Because this isn't something that's been again just company wide for security. Like we shouldn't have things going to people's personal cell phones like they should be whether they're with Keeper. Like you set up Brittany or like. Yeah, an authentication app. But even when you set up your Google Authentic Authenticator app, isn't that attached to your personal email? Annabelle, you don't have a. You don't have a Google. Okay, yeah, that is true. And are you talking about just your own login Anubhav or what are you talking about specifically? So I'm saying any of. So let's say when you are trying to log in. Yeah. You should be able to log in with all the resources at your end rather than waiting for an OTP coming to my cell phone. Yeah, but you don't have. You should just set it up for orders. Because my individual like when I log in with Brittany, it does send a code to my phone every time. But that's fine because it's my right. But the orders one, it should not. I agree with you. So show home. How would we do that for just the orders one? So everybody can have their own authenticator set up. You just have to log into that specific account, go to login settings and from there I don't remember exactly what it will show, but you'll be able to figure it out. You'll have to go to the authentication two factor authentication setup and then from there you'll have the option to add an app. Okay, what email should I link on that authenticator app? Can we link orders? Anything? If you want to have your authenticator, like a, you know, have a Google account with your. With that email that you want to. The order symbol, for example. If you can set that up and then create an account with the authenticator with that email. So. So it has to be. You're saying it has to be a Gmail to use Google authenticator? Yeah, I think so. I'm not so sure. And I also believe that the authenticators are device specific. So even if you install, I mean even if you, let's say trying to. You are trying to log into the same account and you have an authenticator, let's say on Anubhav's phone and then another one on Britney's phone, both will have different codes on them. Brittany, do you think Keeper could be the authenticator? Because we do have this. So that's. I think the difference here is Keeper does offer this. So. Okay. And I don't remember how we set it up, but I do remember we saved like what's it called? The it place is gonna. Was gonna charge us a million dollars. I can't remember. It was something crazy. Oh, so you had me look complete tech and so you had me look more into it and then we figured out the Keeper could do it. So let me try and do that. Anuba, can you send you the code I just sent you? And then while you guys are talking, I can try and do it if you want to check into that. Brittany, if the orders email can do what you did for Instagram and if you need some support on that, like I complete tech does Keeper for us. So they should be able to help help close the Loop on that. Yeah, yeah. So this is basically just admin security. Simplicity. Yeah. Task. Because right now, Annabelle. So Annabelle, do you go in through your email or you go into the order that I. Earlier I think an ear back I used to go through orders but then it was not happening then I was not getting any otp. I don't know on whose mobile it was going. Probably yours, I guess, or Tasha's or Jen's or something. Who even knows? Yeah. So. So then right now it's going to yours. So I log in from my own personal email id, work email ID like Anubhavati farmers. And then I get a notification on my phone. But I don't know why everyone else also gets OTP on my phone. So it's just for orders that. Because mine comes to my phone. It's. It's just the orders one that needs to come off your phone and. And I feel like the ones like the Britney coming to my phone is fine, right? Because like. Yeah, obviously, yeah. It's just orders that needs to be changed and that should be how. That should be how it's set up. There's one main one which is the orders at which hopefully we can get the two step to keep her. And then you each individually should have your own logins because that just gives. And then that's fine that it comes to your phone. Right. Like struggling. Remember when I was working from India, what had happened is at times I was switching the primary cell and I was not getting an otp. So I had to plug in my primary Canadian SIM to get the otp. Oh, I see. Then I realized, okay, this is not very. Yeah, yeah. And Brittany, if you do, if you are successful with that or you have to get complete tech again, that honestly that process could be used across so many things in this organization. If you could like record it, like videotape doing it or like write it out the steps, that would be super helpful. And I think a lot of people, there's a few things because. Yeah, okay, Anubhav, could you send me it one more time? Sorry, I didn't want it for the last one. And then I'll just do this in the background while you guys are going. Amazon is so frustrating. It's like it also didn't send. I don't know if I said that already, but when I. Because you have to verify orders as well. And Anuba was like, no, there's nothing there. Nothing there. And then later he got it. Yeah, I'm like bizarre. Okay, thanks. I'll make that As a next step, just for cleaning that up. And then I see here on the 5 liter. So because I saw that too on the sales that we sold for in August. And I have. So if I bring you the. So if I bring this number here. So Camlina Oil 5, it shows total units 2. Then if I expand, it shows FC transfer 1 and FC processing 1. So the out of three that I sent, two got received. I know. I don't know what happened to the one. And so, so are you summarized. So one is. We don't know. Oh, what do you mean? Because on the sales show home it says we sold four. Yeah, that's what I'm. This is from yesterday. Yesterday's report and shows last 30 days, three units. So you know, so sorry, how many did you send down above? You sent five, we sent three, we've sold four. Do you want to confirm since. Since August 15th. We sold four. And so if you sent three, three was sent later. Sent was. I'll tell you when was the 5 liter scent. Let me check that real quick. If you sent three and we sold three, what do you mean by FC transfer and FC processing? So, Alicia, if you remember, we sent multiple shipments, right? We sent 10 cases to them first from UPS. Out of those, eight got stranded. Out of 10. So two probably got cleared. I don't know for what reason. Those are those. Okay. Yes. And then we sent three more to them with a master carton and the box label. All correct. So what. What we were thinking could be an error at the time of shipping those 10 boxes. We corrected at the time of shipping the last three units. Yeah, but last three units, instead of showing three, it. It shows two. So I'm not sure what this two is for. Right. Okay, I see that one is in IPSYS Transfer. Right. And then two. You meant those are received and sold? Yeah. And these three units were sent after 15th of August? Yeah, I think they were received on the 24th. Let me check one more time. I can give you an FBA number. FBA number is. I can see that. GWK or something. This is the FBA number. Yeah, they received on the 26th. 26th. Okay. And do you know when those three were sold? Show home specifically. Yeah, I know. After the 26th or before the 26th. Okay, so one was sold on 15th, then on 18th, then 24th, then 30th. Sometimes they are also sold before they're received. So. And then. So what does FC transfer and FC processing mean? Does that mean they're being received or they're being sold. So FC Transfer is fulfillment center transfer. So they have multiple fulfillment sector across different locations and they distribute it internally from warehouse to warehouse. That is FC Transfer. FC processing is once that product lands in the fulfillment center and if a customer has booked an order and it is at the pick stage or order processing stage, that is when it enters into FC processing, let's say allocated to a customer order. Okay. So the processing is. Has been ordered and it's being filled. Okay. Okay, so this is really interesting. So you've sent 10, then you sent four, three or whatever. And so now it looks like some have been received from both. But for sure the total but amount out of those 10, eight is still shown as unfulfillable. So my question, there was issues. You know there was issues with that product, right, Annabelle? You know there was issues with the labels on that product. Yes, yes, we know about the labels for sure. Yes, but. And those ones were not why two would clear out of ten? That is my question. Why not? Yeah, but I just ignore those. So of those eight, they were rejected. And you already have two assumptions of issues on that product. Number one, they weren't in a second box. And number two, there was. There was a labeling error. So yes, the next shipment that you sent of the three perfect labels and were also in a box and this is in my opinion showing that those made it through and they sold. Yeah, because they arrived on the 24th, one sold on the 24th, one sold on the 30th and one is processing. Yeah. So I think we should send in another. Yes. So that is why I'm bigger one. Are we getting those other eight returned to us or what are you doing with those eight? Yeah, we're getting return. Okay. So I think. So we did a successful small test of use their courier ship them in a second box to avoid damage. The labels were process was. Right. So why don't we. So we did three. Why don't we do another bigger one? I'm thinking of doing 10. Okay. Exactly the same way. Yeah. Okay, let's do it. But once we move into palletized cargo, should we just send a separate shipment of 5 liters through Amazon partnered company for one pallet instead of pallets through their partner? I don't think so. Not in Canada. Okay. Is 10 on a pallet? No, we send like what, 60 plus on the ballot. But if you send 10, that's just going courier size. Oh, individual. So last time I got individual labels. So each was going to different destination. The three that I sent went all together to the same destination. So I'm not sure what. Okay. And so is the 10. You're gonna send the 10 to the same destination. Exactly. Exactly the way you send three. No. So it is Amazon's directive. I don't have the option to select. They give us a direction whether to send 10 separate shipments to 10 different locations or one shipment to one location. But it will be 10 different boxes for sure. It won't be one master carton with three products or three boxes in it. No, but is it. But this is going like you're gonna do this the exact same way you did. Because again, I'm just trying to validate that this way the product's getting through. Then the next challenge is now when we go to pallet quantities, what happens again? Got it. Right, Got it. Okay. Yeah. So let's just do this mini step again and validate that product's getting you because that will validate our assumptions that it's packaged better. It's double boxed. Yeah. And the labeling process that you have in place. So that will validate that. And then we'll have to have another discussion on like, okay, do we just start throwing it on pallets again? Do a partial palette and see. Yeah, yeah. So we are good with that. But in the meanwhile, should I keep ignoring Amazon's message? Soham. So on my case that I raised with them, they keep on giving the same rewards time and again that hey, your Amazon product listing page contains less information. I'm not sure what they are trying to. You know, since this test that we are doing right now is, I think it looks like it's successful. How about we ignore what happened before and then focus on sending more shipments and see if that works. Right, right. Because Amazon seller support is frustrating, very frustrating. So we'll just be wasting our time like literally. On my follow up email they gave me the same reply, copy pasted, same reply. And I think, and I think now they are started doing it for usa. I don't know for what reason. Yeah, because yesterday evening it was appearing under Amazon USA port portal for my rewards from the case. I'm like, this is not usa, this is Canada. Yeah. And we don't sell it into us anymore. So, so, so next steps on 5 liters we're getting those 8 returned back to us. We're sending in 10 more to validate that this is working like yes. And then, and thirdly, ignore their email right now. Just ignore them. Okay, okay. Okay. So you'll do that right away that next week you're saying Anna above and then well no more. Yeah I can do that right away next week. Week and Soham. I'm not sure like do I have to take any steps or you will take care of that return? Oh I have created that return. I don't know why they got processed or not but I did submit the request. Yeah, I'll check. Okay. Because. Because in my reporting from Amazon it's still showing as unfulfillable. So I'm just worried it should not get disposed. That's it. No, no it will not be because our default settings is that it will be return. Okay. Okay. To verify the numbers. So okay. Let me hide the unnecessary field so that you can just focus on the numbers. Okay. So first is three pack chickpeas variety pack and I think we are more than decently stocked on this. Sitting on 221 units against 50. So I'm not putting anything for that. Then next comes our lentils variety pack three pack. So we have sufficient for two months. But if you want like I was thinking of sending another. So we have 48 that is already being shipped next week already into our plan. So I think we should be good. Like we have total units of 79 and then we are doing 48. Yeah. So I'm not putting anything for. Yeah, you are just going to send 48 more. That's, that's. Yeah that's sufficient. Then two pack oil for Amazon Canada. We are sitting at 342 total units including transit and everything. That's fine. Yeah it looks good. Okay so we already discussed about 5 liters bib. I'll do that and then if I talk about 28 grams snacks to go variety pack. We are doing 67 cases or 402 units next week. Right. So just to confirm we are still going to continue according to three months supply because this time, I mean during this time of the year it will be risky. We continue with two months of supply. Right? Yeah. If you're concerned show home about shipping and stuff. It's okay if you want to keep replenished at three months. And we'll just time the new design when we know I think towards the beginning of the year January that time would be okay. That's because I'll have to think more a little bit more about that. But I think Q4 will be the busiest time at the warehouses. So let's not switch it during this time. You can switch it but we have to give up three months. Yeah, that would be nice. And we're also Going to participate in deals. This is the time of the year when we do deals. And that's a question. So the lightning deals and the other promotions, because I did notice this 18, it's at 3.9 reviews right now. So do you lose ability to do some of that? Yes, we lose the ability to participate in the prime day. Sorry, price discount. Okay. Because that's something too to watch with these. Because shelf life is a thing too. Like ideally, these are getting the product at the freshest as possible. Right. So if we're holding on to three months inventory, it's probably already, you know, four months into its shelf life. So we don't want to, you know, hold on to too much. We want to keep it like tight enough that it's fresh. And we just got to watch that because now if we can't participate in some of these promotions, the volume's gonna kind of stagnate a bit. Yeah. Which is so weird because it says it's 3.9 reviews, but 72% is 4 and 5 stars. Like I don't even know how. Like it's crazy how easy, how hard it is to keep a four star review. Like I was looking at even so many other ones. Like they're at 4 or 4.1 just like some other brands. Yeah. I was hoping that this one will stay above four and it was above. It was at four even two days ago. So that's why I was. Yeah, I was gonna say literally Alicia and I talked about it yesterday and it was there or two days ago. Yeah. Yeah. So it's just watching. But yeah, it's crazy. Like even I was looking at like Quest and IQ Bar and they're all at like 4.4.1. It's like really hard to hold on to a 4/plus like review. So hopefully it bounces back. It just takes one 5 star review or a couple. But I think it's just crazy how like 70% of reviews are 4 and 5 star and it's not a force. Like how they go decimal wise is very. Or maybe what's the percentage result that affects into a star rating? So let's say how many 4 stars or 3 stars review percentage wise would add to a. Keep it over four. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Maybe if it is 90 and above or 85 and above. We don't know. Yeah. So yeah. So again, I'm just kind of triggering here. So we have another 400 going in. We already still. Because did we do 558 in August or maybe I was looking at the. Because I thought it was like only three again. I'm 319 is what we have in dashboard for sales. Really for 18 count. How is it 390? It's not 319. It's higher, right? Yeah. Okay. Because I was like, that seems soft. No, it's not. Okay, so 558 is more accurate. Show home. Yeah, because that was another question I had. Okay, so 558 is more accurate, which is so. Okay, so then we have 558. So yeah, then you have two months. We're sitting there right now and by the time it gets fulfilled, you're two, three weeks out. So this is okay. This is good forecasting. The fresher we keep it, the better our reviews will be. But my concern. So we have already. So if I look at thousand, thousand does not include 400. So this will be 1400 units. Yeah. Three months worth of product. Yeah. So do you think we have to add those 500 units or should I just hold? I think you should hold because you're already sending 402 next week. Yes. Yeah. So I would. So 1000 plus four. So 1400. So I think we are good for three months. Right. I'll just take this off and we'll talk about it on our next touch point to get it. Because when we talk on our touchpoint and above, you typically get it slotted in within two to three weeks of production. Right. Like. Yeah, yeah. And then for the power variety pack, three pack. I think we are healthily stocked here. Let's talk about 15 grams. Snacks to go. Yeah. This is something I think we can plan. So. So if, if we are looking at 1300. So that will be 3009, Three months. And 3900 minus 2708 will be like I have to send around another 1200. Close to 1100 to 1200. And again, so this is saying we sold almost 1300, but the dashboard show home is saying shy of a thousand. I'll check that dashboard or something's probably wrong with that. Sorry about it. So my, my estimation is we should send 1200. Yeah. Because you just have one month, two months worth. Yeah. But on this I have to have to check what would be the packaging material for those 1200 will be partial or not. So we have to go and check that at a time. So you're thinking that that's the first item will be into the new look. I'm not. Hundred percent. I'll have to double check. Okay. Because I know. Because you have both on order, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Is 1200 too much show Home or is that a good number? I think it's probably. You can send a little less, maybe 600, 800 something in that range. Okay, maybe 800. By the way, the experiment that we did with the deals, it was, it went successfully. So for this product we participated in the base deals for seven days. And the rank that you put it is steady. We. It is still steady. So that's why you see the job in sales volume. And that was a specific separate promotion for this one versus the other one. Right. Show Home. Sorry, did you use this? Did you run the same, did you run the same type of promotion on both snacks to go or just this one? Like why did this one work so much better? You think so? For this one we did it for seven days. For the other one, the 18 count. Just for. Yeah, 12 hours. 12 hours. Okay. So that's why you're thinking 1300 in the month is because of that seven day promotion as well. So that's why Annaba. That's why Show Home saying, you know, soften a little bit because we did a significant promotion in August for back to school. So that's why the numbers were so good. So 800 is good. Okay. Okay. Yeah, makes sense. Okay, perfect. Amazon us. Before we proceed with the discussion, I just had a doubt on the next week builds. So I reached out to you on via email and we confirmed that we would be doing 15 grams for us 300 units for next week. But I was just concerned with the numbers. So I have like 80 units and I have one and a half months right now. But yeah. Is 300 way too many or is too many? Yes, I, I think that I, it should be in total, probably 300 in total or even slightly less. 250. Yeah, I thought so. Should be. Okay. Yeah. So in that case, So you're maybe just putting 50 units in 172. Because if I have to maintain 300 I have to do 128 which is already in transit and in stock. So 300 minus 128 will give me 172. So that is what we should plan then. 172 units. So I'll communicate this change so that Aaron doesn't finalize her work order. Okay. For, for variety pack we are doing 102 units next week. And then we have 89 units so close to a month stock in hand and then we are doing 102 next week. So I'm, I'm thinking of sending 40 more or even 60 if needed. Yeah, I think 60 should be fine. Yeah, let's do that. Okay. Yeah. Because again, if the dashboard is right, it's showing you've already sold 10 just this first week of September. So that's good. Okay. It's nice to see the favas going great. Then 15. We already discussed all this. Then the oil. For the oil, we have total units close to two months inventory. And then we are already sending 60 units next week. So I don't think we need to plan more for the oil. Yeah. Okay. Now the only issue is sending to Amazon. This is a small shipment, like just doing half a pallet. So either I can do this or wait. To club from another week. You. You get what I mean, Alicia. So. So you're shipping 102 next week. Week though. Yeah. And then you're saying maybe another 60. Yeah, I think you would be fine. If you're shipping 100, you have 89. If you need to wait to consolidate a larger, you would have some time, I think. Yeah, I'll put a comment that way to consolidate for another week because the 102 is going next week. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yes. And for Amazon Canada. Canada. Yeah, I can send that. That's not a problem. Okay, perfect. That's it from the inventory side. Awesome. Okay, so we have next steps on the 5 liters. Inventory looks good. And then, yeah, we'll jump in, show home if you wanted, give us the info a little bit on those promos and do a sales update. That would be great. Yeah. Okay. So I wanted to talk about two things. You can jump off if you want, annabab, or you can stay. Totally up to you. Okay, yeah, yeah, I'll jump off. Thanks. Okay, so I want to talk about two things. First is about the deals that what we can do in the coming months because you know, there are so many events that are going to happen take place. And second thing is I want to talk about the US situation, particularly of the pricing situation. So I'm going to share my screen now and talk about the deals first. So these are all the deals that are. We have available on tformers Canada, the Canadian marketplace. And this is what I'm thinking of doing. Well, I thought that we still have four stars for the 18 count, which is this SKU. So I also listed the prime exclusive deals, but we cannot participate in those anymore. So for Fall prime day, we can participate in base deals and we can also participate in the. For Black Friday Cyber Monday, it's better to reserve these deals right now. We can Also participate in the base deals, but that will run for 12 days at 20%. Are we okay to run 20% discount for 12 straight days? That's one question. And we can do that even though it's a Prime exclusive? Oh yes. It's not a prime days. It's just for prime members. Okay, so there are different kinds of deals. We are talking about three different kinds of deals here. Two different deals. One promotion in Amazon's terminology. So one is lightning deal, another one is base deals. So these are these two comes under deals where Amazon shows what you're eligible for. Since they are showing that we are eligible, these products eligible. So these are all the options that you have. Deals that you can participate in. Okay, so since Amazon is saying that we're eligible, we can definitely participate. Now there's another kind of promotion which is called price discount. It used to be known as prime exclusive discount before. For that one the products need to have four stars or above. So you cannot participate in that anymore. So I'm just limiting the options to the deals. Whatever Amazon is. Okay, so you want it, you're wanting to run three days in the fall and then the 12 days. 12 days does worry me a little bit. Well, I have to. It can be actually for seven days because that three days was for prime exclusive deal. Oh, so best. So the best deals promotion is always 12 days? No, it's seven days usually. And then for the Black Friday Cyber Monday It's 12 days. Wow. And it has to be 20%. Yeah, that's the minimum. Crazy. Can I also. Sorry. Show home. Interrupt for a second. Are you Talking about the 18 pack has fallen. This is the 18 pack. Because on my end it's still showing. It's at four stars. Well, I was looking on dot com. Are they the same.com&.ca. They should be. Right? Because. Oh yeah, we can participate in it. So what did I just check before? You said in the US it's 83.9. Yeah. Okay, but aren't they the same? US and Canada? Yes, they're the same, but I don't know. So one is saying four and one is saying 3.9. 3.9. Yeah, yeah. Because Canada is still saying four. Okay, so I saw this report. So that's interesting. Okay, okay, so that, so that's keeps your prime deal, which is a one. It's one day prime and then you're wanting to do a three day best deal. I, I don't know if I can do the 12 day. That's too much. And then for two reasons, I think. Number one, it's a lot. And number two, like again, as we just kind of like Costco, I just cannot have Costco having an issue with what we're doing. So yeah, I can't do the 12 day, but we could do the three day and the one day. And how about Prime Day for Prime exclusive deal for pipe days during Black Friday Cyber Monday. And so that's just prime member exclusive. Yes. When do all these start and end? Like when we say fall. When we say Black Friday. Like what are the dates on these? So Black Friday Cyber Monday is Black Friday Cyber Monday. I mean, November 20th. Yeah. What is it? That's Thanksgiving. Okay. Yeah, yeah. What about the other one? This one hasn't been decided, but it should be, let's say the second week of October. Okay. So they're a month apart. More than that. And Prime Day. Prime Day. Prime Day is gone already. Right. Okay. So. But you have the one day prime day that you wanted to. Okay, okay. I'm sorry, this is probably a little bit confusing. So let's ignore this one for now. So we have to. Events that are going to happen. Right. So one is for. From Amazon. One is Amazon exclusive. Right. And they call it Fall Prime Day. Used to call it Fall Prime Day. They sometimes call it what prime big deal day. Oh, so that's coming in October. Probably going to happen in the second week of October. And Black Friday Cyber Monday is not Amazon exclusive, but it's going to happen on Amazon too. Right. So we know the dates. That's something we can. We already know. Right. So these are the flagship events that we want to participate in. And this is something we want to do almost every month is what I proposed before. Right. That we should do at least one lightning deal every month and see how that benefits our ranking. So instead of doing lightning deal, because you know the lightning deals and base deals, they need to have at least one. One month between the events. So I don't want to take that risk and participate in a lightning deal in September for any of these products. Instead, I was thinking maybe we should just do one prime exclusive price discount for just one day. September, maybe tomorrow on that product specifically. Exactly. And that would be in September. Yeah, I mean tomorrow, or let's say even Monday or Tuesday. Okay, well, while we still have the four stars, go ahead and activate that for September. And I think. And again, so the reason I need to know. And we definitely need to add these dates, Brittany. To our promotion calendar because when we are doing promotions on Amazon, I need to balance and understand that when we're doing Costco ca. When we're doing Costco rotations, when we're doing our retailer. Because yeah, like the same way that Amazon loses buy box, like I will could have my biggest customer come back and say, you're doing a rotation on this item in my nationally in Canada and you've just put it on sale for 212 weeks. Like I can't have that. Right. So I need to know. 12 days is much too long, even five. So what I'm kind of thinking is I, I have to pick one or the other. I'm going to say don't do anything in October, do the one for September, wave the October and then do the Cyber. The Cyber 5 days if you want. Just again, because I nationally have product in Costco across in October for sure. I think I have to look at that. So. And then when we, when we look at the show home, I need to know the months and the dates so that I can look at our greater promo calendar and understand what's on sale, where and when to make sure that our market is balanced. And I'm not going to piss anyone off. Yeah, okay, sure. I'll add the dates and send these over. So do you want to take a look at this? Yeah. And then we'll come back with like an approval. But right now what I'm thinking is it's going to be. I'm, I'm totally fine to do the one day September, like one day flash sales are a little bit easier. But once we're getting like three plus days, that's where these things really get noticed. So. So where I'm kind of thinking is one or the other for October, November. But Brittany, can you add this to our marketing agenda next week on our touchpoint? And let's look at the full promo calendar. And I should even just slot into that just certain timing of certain things so that we make sure that we make informed decisions or at least do it for one day during the prime day in October. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Just this one at least. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Because we cannot participate with the other product anyway during that time. Yeah. And is there any. Do you see any value in show home and doing like coupons at all or is that in your strategy? Well, if I do any kind of coupon that would be subscribe and save coupon. Just subscribe and save. And would that also be for 20%? Because coupons we can do what we want, right? Mm, at least 10. But I'm saying maybe is there Like a middle ground here where instead of doing like the full seven days or 12 days, there's like a few dollars off of a coupon for five days. Like, is that helpful or. No? Well, the thing is, if you, during these events, if you participate in these deals, then Amazon will promote. Oh, this is a fall prime day deal. Yeah. If you do a coupon, it will not be promoted in the same way. Yeah, yeah. So you're just saying for, in terms of like algorithm and attention from Amazon, if you participate in their specific deals, you get better results. That's kind of what you're saying? Yeah, they promote it more. Yeah. Okay. Like ranking higher. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And then what are the other two items here? It's a Camelin oil. And this is the old snack to go. Okay. And these are your asking best deals. And so again, details for me, like if that's the name of the best deals, I need to know the date and how many days and what the discount is that you're asking for. Yeah, yeah, I'll send these over an email. Okay, that's great. And then what we can start doing, Brittany, is if you can put it in our promo calendar, we'll meet on it next week in our marketing touchpoint to just revisit our promo calendar. And that might be something we just bring to this meeting. We pop up and just realign every two weeks on what promotions are coming up and just make sure that our calendar is up to date. Yeah, okay. All right, so now I would like to discuss a little bit about the situation, the pricing situation in the US So I, I know we had this discussion, not really discussion, but I brought it up in another meeting and you said, no, we cannot do anything on the price. If it, we can increase it, we cannot lower it. So. Yeah, well, I wanted to still. I mean, we need to see where we stand compared to the competition in the U.S. right. So I wanted to show you some of the products that are very similar to ours. For example, these two are variety pack. The. There are about. One second. I think I forgot to point out where the fava. And sorry, this is us specifically. These are your specific. Yes. So I have three chickpeas variety packs and I have three fava beans, varied. And what I have done is I have the links along with the listing price, I mean, of the SKU and also price per ounce. Right. This is the price per ounce. And if I compare that with our product right now, this is where we stand. The old snack to go is at 1.9 US dollar per ounce and it's at 1.6. New snack to go is at 1.6 US dollar per ounce. Now, if we consider listing the products at this Canadian price in the usa, the prices will be this. So this is where we stand. And I think if we. This is probably a barrier to growth in the US the pricing. So I, I don't understand. What are you comparing the variety packs to on the per ounce? What. What is the barrier? Like, I think that the pricing. We are priced way higher than the competitors. And you will see, you will see the same if you. I mean, the. But are these variety packs. These are just single. Okay. These are variety packs. Okay. Yeah. So I have to. Well, not variety packs, but multi packs. I'm so sorry about that. But yeah, not all are variety packs, but multi packs, many. That is a significant price in show home. Right. Like a multi pack, just putting one flavor in versus putting three separate flavors in 30 bags of a different size. Like, it's all very different. So I agree with you. We're looking apples to apples because 166 per ounce on a multi pack. Yeah. Compared to 190 per ounce on a variety pack, in my opinion, is highly competitive. Okay. I mean, so let's take a look at these three and also let's see what they have here for these fava beans. Yeah. This is also a variety pack. And this is also another variety pack. And this is another one. Oh, no, this is not a variety pack. This is not a variety pack. So let's take a look at these five. Two, I believe are fava and then three are chickpeas or. Yeah. Something around. So you can look at these that are variety pack. And still if you compare, for example, this one is 90 cents per ounce. How big. How big is the bag in the variety pack? Okay, let's take a look at that. They are. Yeah. Again, it's not. So these are. Again, just in manufacturing. Like, because we do all this pricing exercise before we go out to market show home. Like, we have the pricing curve across Costco to multi packs to KHI to Unfi to Amazon to Costco, ca. I don't question that our pricing is like too expensive compared to competition. Like so, because these, again, there's so many things you have to look at. How many units are in the box? Is it 50 plus? Like, we only have 18. Right. And so the bigger the units, the bigger the, the bigger the unit, the bigger there are and the higher price point, like your margins and everything flex. Right. So I don't Know if. Because again just Amazon fees and stuff. There is no way we can be lowering our. Right. The thing is if you compare these. I mean I understand the fees and all those challenges. We definitely discuss about that, but most of these are valid packs here. Right. So 0.94. We're comparing 0.94 dollar versus 1.9. That's why the company. What is that Chickpea? Is that it? What is that chickpea variety packet 0.94 that you're actually talking about? Okay. It's this. So they have 10 count 1.4 ounce packets. Okay. And then we. Let's take a look at the second one too. This is, this is, I think. Oh, this is what we just. This is more. This is more comparable to our three pack chickpeas per ounce. Not a snack pack. Okay. Variety. This one I would say is irrelevant. The Good Bean one is relevant. Huh. Is this comparable? I think yes. This is 12 pack. Quality wise, I would say no. Okay. But yeah, Good Bean would be the only real comparable here that I would probably. This is also not a very established brand. So let's take a look at these. Yeah, this is better. Yeah. Bada Bean we've looked at too. Oh gosh. Those macros are exactly the same. Hey. Yeah. On f. Beans. Yeah. So Bada Bean is a good one. And so again I'm just kind of saying. So I guess when we kind of have these conversations. So what I'm hearing is there's barriers because that's my question here on sales. Like things in the US are really stunted and slow. They, they haven't really been like that before. So. But we've rationalized and so I understand there's competition. I just want to make sure we're looking at all the pieces of. Why? Because I don't necessarily think that pricing is always the way. We don't want to get into price wars and games. And if I start interfering on Amazon with my pricing, I literally interfere with the $11 million of my rest of my business. So pricing is the last place that we need to go. So I would like to look at all the other things. Are we using the right keywords? What advertising have we tried all the right promotions Is our like all of that kind of stuff to make sure. Yeah. Okay, one question. Is the rest of your business, most of it is. Is happening in Canada, is that right? Well, we have three Costco regions in the U.S. we have Safeway Out. No like California and the Midwest. We Retail business. Yeah. And. And when you do it in the US how does the pricing compare with the Canadian pricing? Is it higher? It's pretty aligned. On our core pouches, the variety packs are a little bit different depending on the volume and where they're shipping, but they're pretty aligned because we have the. And the exchange has stayed quite a way, but they're pretty close. Okay. The variety packs are different though, because the variety packs are not in retail. We don't put these in grocery retail. This is E Commerce and club pack. It's not a grocery retail item. It would be way too expensive to sell at grocery retail. So that's where those small multi packs came in. And they're much more expensive. They're like $10 for five units in grocery retail. Okay. And so the question is this. So if we can sell in Canada at this price, do we need to sell at this price in the US to justify selling those products as a profit or what's the logic? Because you're saying is right now our item not retailing for the same in Canada. In the US it's like the same ASIN and stuff, isn't it? Like what's our retail like? Why is our. I guess like. Yeah, yeah, we sell for 29.99 in Canadian dollar. Yeah. And in the US we sell at US dollar at the same price, of course, but in US dollar. Yeah. Oh, I see, you're doing the conversion. Yeah. Usually the conversion is what helps us with all the additional fees and shipping into the U.S. okay. Because again, it's way more expensive. Like you have to keep shipping across Canada back and forth at the volumes that we're doing versus shipping into the US like we have to have something in there that helps us absorb all that. And right now it's the exchange. Yeah. So we've kept it parity like that and the exchange has helped us absorb all of it. Like again, I can go back with the question on what can we do for our US Pricing on these, but I need a bigger case then. Sure. I need. I, you know, I can't go and say, hey, our products aren't selling on.com because the pricing is not right. I don't think that's a good enough. So what do you need from me? So, well, and I went through, I was going back through the reports on just the keywords and stuff because last time, when we, when you showed us last month all the keywords and, and the advertising you were doing into all of that, we just looked at Canada. We didn't really do any of that for the Us. Who are the competitors? What are the keywords? Winning. Where are we winning? Where are we losing? Where do we need to win? So I think we need to understand that. Sure. Yeah. Because I know the US the biggest things we rationalized and we, we did say, like, what was the new budget? We did heighten the budget. There's less SKUs. You have the variety packs listed and fulfilled now. So I think we need to look at the advertising strategy and make sure that that is really dialed in. Yeah, yeah. We are having challenges for advertising, for sure. Yeah. That's why I was like, let me look at what, what else can I do is the product offer. Okay. What is really restricting us from scaling in the US and the advertising there is very, very expensive. So, yeah, let's have a discussion regarding that in the next meeting. Let's see where we are. And this is the big thing, like the thing about the US and this has always been our challenge in the US with dot com, it's way more competitive, it's way more expensive. And so it is trying to find that spot where we can play. Right. And start building some sort of leg. Like, because, yeah, it's not an application of Canada. Like, it's just Canada is just easier and way less competition. Like, it's like doing Amazon in one state versus the whole country. So, yeah, I think that's what you have to look at. Show home is what are. Where. Where are we winning and where do we need to win from an advertising point of view? What dollars are we spending? How are we spending them? Do we have the right product mix on Amazon.com because the camelina oil consistently does, like just fine. Like, it's not like. But again, it's such. It's a niche item. It doesn't have a lot of competition, so. That's right. Yeah. Where salty snacks, it's like especially healthy snacks. Protein snacks. Like, yeah, like, I, I do understand that Amazon is pay to play. It's like this industry in totality is pay to play, but we gotta just find how we play with not paying. Throwing mega bucks at the, at the wall. Right? Yeah, sure. Yeah. So do you want to do that dive? Like the same kind of thing you did with Amazon? Ca do that dive. And I, you know, I don't know if that. How long would that. Do you want to bring that to the next meeting or is that more the end of the month kind of thing? Well, I can do it in the next meeting. Okay. Just Look@.com specifically and because like, this is all good and like what you have here. Like, I appreciate bringing that pricing and stuff. That makes sense. Those variety packs, just making sure we're looking at apples to apples. And then again it's just. Yeah, it's kind of. We have to be very careful with our cost into. Because that snacks to go item, it's club and E commerce. That's the only place that type of variety pack will ever sell at that price. It doesn't go to grocery. So. So yeah, we just have to be careful. I have to be careful with what I do with my pricing because it impacts significant business. So yeah, sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. I also try to be cognizant just of like on a social media perspective when we're sharing some of that just for our sake and show home that I'm not sharing like the price point is not the main factor of those reels. You know what I mean? Like I'm not saying go to club because it's by far cheaper because I don't want that competition for you know what I mean? Like I don't want our online customers veering from Amazon fully, you know. Right. And the good news is it like not the good news but like it won't be in club all year round for the next. You know, I mean, hopefully that also is the hope. Yeah, it's a weird thing. I always say that's Lisa. It's a weird thing to like balance like, you know what I mean? It's like the Amazon sales and then also trying to support retail and. Yeah, yeah, well. And it is, it's just the strategies like variety packs are the way to go on Amazon and it's also this format for club. Like the goal is that this format for club is a permanent club item. Right. Like the. So yeah, it's. So I think we have to just look at the. Because what we will have to come the new year show home is likely a snack mix product which will be a variety pack of our core items. It won't be a snack pack variety bag like a snacks to go. It won't be that but it will be a new item. So there is innovation coming that should help pump and differentiate and give something to the portfolio to compete a little bit more. But yeah, we just have to think about how we wrap up our products too because yeah, because these snacks to go items like we have the competition of like the bean competition but then we also have competition of Costco CA and Costco and like. Yeah, I'm still trying to figure out if the Amazon shopper Is a Costco shopper like where do you buy your snacks? Like I never buy food on Amazon but I sure as hell buy a lot of other things because I buy all my food at Costco because I have a family of like six people. So like. Yeah, so yeah, we kind of just strategically need to. How does each one differentiate and how do we bundle for Amazon so that it can compete and not interfere with other strategies? Yeah. Right. Okay. Yeah. So do that deep dive on.com on where kind of like what's winning, what's not winning. Where do we need to win in order to grow and what's that? What do we think that actually means in terms of cost and time like to do that? Right. Like, like what's the investment behind actually pumping that engine to a place of you know, trying to get to 50 grand a month in the next, you know, two years or whatever it is? Right. Like what does that path actually look like? Yeah, well we definitely need to change something compared to what we are doing right now. So yeah, let's have a discussion next meeting in the, in two weeks and yeah, and because that will be a thing show because what I'm looking for is it simply. So are we actually saying that there is something positioned about our item that is wrong? Like the pricing is totally out of whack. We were not selling the premium. Well, we're not the words are right. Or are we saying the item set up well to succeed but we need to pump a lot of cash behind it to generate trial and that's. That's what we need to do. Right. And then what does that mean? It's now we're spending 20. We need to be spending for 40% for six months and then dial back. Those are, those are the types of. That's what we kind of need to decide so that I can go to the greater team around budget and saying if you want to turn.com on in a bigger way this is what it going to cost and this is how long I'm saying give me so I can show you. Right. Well definitely I'll not comment on those things right now. Let me look into the data properly and then I'll have something ready for the next meeting. Let me show you one more thing before you go. This is something good that happened in Canada. So just wanted to show you how we have been doing in Canada. This is in the US by the way. So month over month. Right. Look at this data. Yeah, this is Canada, right? This is Canada. Yeah, just in Canada, almost 60,000. That we did in August. Yes. Yeah. Because Brittany, she was chatting me the other day too. So now we've consistently the last, over the last two and a half months, we consistently run rating over 50, moving over 60. So I think there's a definite great story here in Canada that we are, I do believe in 2026. Like I budgeted Amazon CA in 2026 to be a million dollar business. Like. Okay, right. Like I think that's very doable based on the trend and what, what's happening here as long as we don't have any disruption for whatever reason. Right. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, that's super exciting. Like what we're doing in Canada is working. We just have to just keep on top of it and. And again, if we throw snack mixes, like another item of like a protein snack mix that comes out in Canada, which is one of first to market, I think it would be. It'll be really help to generate attention. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So dossier is going really well, but yeah, I see. I know what you mean about dot com. It's always been one of those areas that we pulled back our spend when the whole at Kovid, then we pulled back our spend because who knew what the hell was going on with tariffs. We're not going to start sinking dollars into a market that we don't even know if it's going to cost us twice the amount, three times the amount, none of the amount. So it's been a bit of a holding issue too. Yeah, yeah. Right. Okay. So yeah, we'll talk more on the next call. The it's really good news. If we can get that freaking 5 liter going in, that is a good revenue generator, that 5 liter camelina oil. I'm really hoping these 10 cases. I'm hoping we've crack the nut on something here. We'll see. Awesome. All right, thanks everybody. Have a great week. Yeah, you as well. Yeah, bye. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: And when I do that, it says it'll still need to verify. So if I go in, this is the first time I've gone in. And her passport number is still there. So that's a good sign. So it seems like we're just waiting for review.

Speaker B: Do you want to share your screen, Brittany? Are you able to see what you're looking at?

Speaker A: Yeah, So now when I go in, because before from my account, it would not let me enter in her passport number.

Speaker B: But now I'm logged in.

Speaker A: I'm logged in under orders. So now I can do that. So it's there expiring everything. That's all done. So at the top, please review and edit your details. Please note we will verify the information. So show home. I think at this point I just need your advice because this is probably the 12th time I've done this.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: And it says, I hereby confirm the beneficial ownership information above is accurate. This includes all persons who are directly or indirectly owner control. 25% or more.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So if I go submit for verification.

Speaker C: Oh, so you need to upload the document again.

Speaker A: Oh, this is the first time it's asked me for this.

Speaker B: Okay. Is that the same thing that was asked on Shopify? What was. What's a registration? Oh, the company registration number. Registered business address. Address represents your primary place of business, where you receive services from at. This represents your registered business address, will be displayed on your public seller profile page. Okay, so what is it asking you to upload?

Speaker C: Oh, so it's a registration extract. So can you go like. There's a help icon there, Question icon there.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's what I clicked.

Speaker C: No, no, no, it's a document address. Yeah, it's a registration extract. You see just below the company registration number. Registration extract.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: This is what you have to.

Speaker A: So we had our. I don't think our incorporation documents have the address, but

Speaker B: do not. And this is why this will be so important to record Britney, what we do. Because I don't remember this specifically happening with Saba when we had to update the last. Because when we did this with Shopify, we ended up having. Didn't we have to get something from Sheena, Natasha and Lisa?

Speaker A: It was so many things. It was like Natasha's bank statements. It also was like the shares of all the shareholders.

Speaker B: Okay. Did we actually load that in?

Speaker A: Yeah, and they still rejected it. And then that's when it finally got escalated because we were like, we can't give you anything else.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. On this Shopify thing. Okay. So. Well, this is just Saying, can you just take a snip of this and put it over into an email to Natasha H, Lisa and Natasha V and say we need a document that outlines all of this for Amazon and then put me on it and just say if we need to jump on a quick call to walk through what it's asking. But yeah, looks like it just needs something just verifying. That's so crazy. Like why does Amazon need all this?

Speaker A: You know, I think it is, don't you think your home. It's like the government. Isn't the government requiring this now? Because it's all like tax crap.

Speaker D: Likely.

Speaker C: I'm not sure what's going on, but Amazon has started becoming very strict regarding this. And also it's not just a one time thing. It feels like almost a yearly thing.

Speaker B: Yeah. Cause I remember something like this happened like last time. I don't remember this part, but like literally last time we did this for identities. Like they were asking Natasha's mortgage statements and things had to be uploaded. It's crazy how much this company is attached to us personally.

Speaker A: So crazy.

Speaker B: It was like, yeah, passport, mortgage statements. I think I just had to put my ID in. But yeah, So we'll try there to just see what document we can get and I guess that's the next step. We're at Brittany, right?

Speaker A: Yeah. So today was the first day though that it actually sent an email to orders and then also that it accepted her passport or yesterday, I entered her passport again yesterday and it finally went

Speaker B: through and then show home. Do you have any other brands we could speak to about this specific process that they've had to go through and how they do it? Like not all brands have their founders directly involved and attached to their Amazon accounts. Like how are they?

Speaker C: No, we definitely have to. I mean generally what I have done for some other clients, I had to include the beneficial beneficiaries, the owners. We had to include those information. A lot of it actually. Like you are describing for for example, address for the person. So their residential. Yeah, their residential address, utility bills.

Speaker B: But when it comes to directors and shareholders, have you had to in your company literally get personal information from every director and shareholder? Our shareholders and directors will not give that information information. So just one individual though, right? Like yeah.

Speaker C: And for the rest you probably will have to upload this information for a primary contact if one of the directors want to be the primary contact. And for the rest you may need to provide the information. For example, in this same page you will also see another option where you need to add Other beneficiaries. Beneficiary information. So.

Speaker B: Right. Yeah, but is that optional or you.

Speaker C: I think we should upload them. If we have multiple beneficiaries, it's better to be transparent.

Speaker B: Yeah. Again like our shareholder structure and director sh. Like we have like hundreds. Like it's not like our directors. And then even our directors are part of VC companies, like big corporations.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: They're not going to give information. It's not an individual. It's a corporate like golden opportunities and PIC funds.

Speaker A: Like so it does say anyone over 25%.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. So that's five. But again like VC companies are, are not going to provide. It's a, it's a. It's a company. It's not an individual. It's an equity. It's a venture capital company fund. Yeah. So that's the weird thing. So I'm wondering, show home if you have someone that maybe has a similar shirt that we could speak.

Speaker C: No, like not a similar structure. No, not with venture capital farms.

Speaker D: That's weird.

Speaker A: Alicia.

Speaker B: Sorry. Ideally it just is structured where it's just only noting one individual as Natasha as one of the majorities. And we just keep trying to make. Make sure we hash that way. Just depends on the document that gets uploaded, what it breaks out and what they.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, sorry. Alicia, just to clarify, you want Lisa,

Speaker B: Natasha H. And Natasha Van Hurk. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: I was trying to leave her you guys out of this, but man, it is.

Speaker B: Because I think what happened with Shopify there. Brittany. I think once it got escalated with Shopify, they said it's okay, you don't have to do that. Like they basically just said we don't need to go that far. We have what we need. Right.

Speaker A: Well, but they already had at that point they had like that the shares document.

Speaker B: Like Right.

Speaker A: There was literally nothing else to give them.

Speaker B: You know what I mean?

Speaker A: Like.

Speaker D: But.

Speaker A: Yeah, but besides like you're saying documents of individuals, which nuts.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. Okay. So a conversation and see what we can just get loaded in there. And we'll. We'll likely just have to maybe even jump on a call with Natasha H. And Lisa Brittany with just what documents we load and see if they work like. Yeah. And what kind of hole gets dug.

Speaker A: This is like normal where like it's just frustrating that that business address ask. That's the first time that's that's popped up and that has happened. Like I've been in here five times a day since it happened. But again, just for everyone's like, obviously we have to deal with this. But it is saying not. You have until October 29th.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: So we're not losing it.

Speaker B: Yeah. Who knows how long it will take. So yeah, keep prioritizing and progressing it and just as long as we keep doing that. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker D: So getting back then there was one stranded inventory thing which I had fixed and asked for disposition. There was just one unit of one of the items. So which is fine. Another issue which I face often is let's say default contact or any of. Listen, let's say if Brittany or if Alicia, if any one of them goes into login, the OTP always comes to my mobile. Is there a way that we can avoid this and switch to any other verification step instead of message coming to my personal mobile number?

Speaker B: No, that has literally been something Annabelle with unless Show Home, you know, something

Speaker D: different but like like a 2fa or something in a nightmare to an app.

Speaker C: We can do that. Yes, we can set up an authenticator app. Google Authenticator, for example. Yeah.

Speaker D: What is the deal that anyone can do that, right?

Speaker C: Anyone can do that.

Speaker D: Yeah, I thought so.

Speaker B: Okay, sorry. So you're saying you cannot do the two step show Home to get into the Amazon.

Speaker C: No, we'll do that. But within

Speaker B: like. Oh, I see.

Speaker A: We have that set up for Instagram so that it doesn't go to my phone. It actually goes through Keeper. I don't know if you remember that, Alicia. The other option was like, it was like a twenty thousand dollar like program that we had to have. But then we like figured out that Keeper could do it.

Speaker D: Right.

Speaker C: I was trying to show my screen. Yeah, yeah. I don't know if you can see it.

Speaker D: No. Can you?

Speaker B: No, no, no.

Speaker D: Right. It must be a Google Authenticator app, right?

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: So how. Who knows how to do that? So are we suggesting that everybody does that for their accounts? Because this isn't something that's been again just company wide for security. Like we shouldn't have things going to people's personal cell phones like they should be whether they're with Keeper. Like you set up Brittany or like. Yeah, an authentication app. But even when you set up your Google Authentic Authenticator app, isn't that attached to your personal email? Annabelle, you don't have a. You don't have a Google.

Speaker D: Okay, yeah, that is true.

Speaker A: And are you talking about just your own login Anubhav or what are you talking about specifically?

Speaker D: So I'm saying any of. So let's say when you are trying to log in.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: You should be able to log in with all the resources at your end rather than waiting for an OTP coming to my cell phone.

Speaker A: Yeah, but you don't have. You should just set it up for orders. Because my individual like when I log in with Brittany, it does send a code to my phone every time. But that's fine because it's my right. But the orders one, it should not. I agree with you. So show home. How would we do that for just the orders one?

Speaker C: So everybody can have their own authenticator set up. You just have to log into that specific account, go to login settings and from there I don't remember exactly what it will show, but you'll be able to figure it out. You'll have to go to the authentication two factor authentication setup and then from there you'll have the option to add an app.

Speaker D: Okay, what email should I link on that authenticator app? Can we link orders? Anything?

Speaker C: If you want to have your authenticator, like a, you know, have a Google account with your. With that email that you want to. The order symbol, for example. If you can set that up and then create an account with the authenticator with that email. So.

Speaker B: So it has to be. You're saying it has to be a Gmail to use Google authenticator?

Speaker C: Yeah, I think so. I'm not so sure. And I also believe that the authenticators are device specific. So even if you install, I mean even if you, let's say trying to. You are trying to log into the same account and you have an authenticator, let's say on Anubhav's phone and then another one on Britney's phone, both will have different codes on them.

Speaker B: Brittany, do you think Keeper could be the authenticator?

Speaker A: Because we do have this. So that's. I think the difference here is Keeper does offer this. So.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And I don't remember how we set it up, but I do remember we saved like what's it called? The it place is gonna. Was gonna charge us a million dollars. I can't remember. It was something crazy. Oh, so you had me look complete tech and so you had me look more into it and then we figured out the Keeper could do it. So let me try and do that. Anuba, can you send you the code I just sent you? And then while you guys are talking, I can try and do it if

Speaker B: you want to check into that. Brittany, if the orders email can do what you did for Instagram and if you need some support on that, like I complete tech does Keeper for us. So they should be able to help help close the Loop on that. Yeah, yeah. So this is basically just admin security. Simplicity. Yeah. Task. Because right now, Annabelle. So Annabelle, do you go in through your email or you go into the order that I.

Speaker D: Earlier I think an ear back I used to go through orders but then it was not happening then I was not getting any otp. I don't know on whose mobile it was going.

Speaker B: Probably yours, I guess, or Tasha's or Jen's or something.

Speaker D: Who even knows? Yeah.

Speaker B: So. So then right now it's going to yours.

Speaker D: So I log in from my own personal email id, work email ID like Anubhavati farmers. And then I get a notification on my phone. But I don't know why everyone else also gets OTP on my phone.

Speaker A: So it's just for orders that. Because mine comes to my phone. It's. It's just the orders one that needs to come off your phone and. And I feel like the ones like the Britney coming to my phone is fine, right?

Speaker B: Because like.

Speaker D: Yeah, obviously, yeah.

Speaker A: It's just orders that needs to be

Speaker B: changed and that should be how. That should be how it's set up. There's one main one which is the orders at which hopefully we can get the two step to keep her. And then you each individually should have your own logins because that just gives. And then that's fine that it comes to your phone. Right.

Speaker D: Like struggling. Remember when I was working from India, what had happened is at times I was switching the primary cell and I was not getting an otp. So I had to plug in my primary Canadian SIM to get the otp.

Speaker B: Oh, I see.

Speaker D: Then I realized, okay, this is not very.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. And Brittany, if you do, if you are successful with that or you have to get complete tech again, that honestly that process could be used across so many things in this organization. If you could like record it, like videotape doing it or like write it out the steps, that would be super helpful. And I think a lot of people, there's a few things because.

Speaker A: Yeah, okay, Anubhav, could you send me it one more time? Sorry, I didn't want it for the last one. And then I'll just do this in the background while you guys are going. Amazon is so frustrating.

Speaker B: It's like

Speaker A: it also didn't send. I don't know if I said that already, but when I. Because you have to verify orders as well. And Anuba was like, no, there's nothing there. Nothing there. And then later he got it.

Speaker D: Yeah, I'm like

Speaker B: bizarre. Okay, thanks. I'll make that As a next step, just for cleaning that up. And then I see here on the 5 liter. So because I saw that too on the sales that we sold for in August.

Speaker D: And I have. So if I bring you the. So if I bring this number here. So Camlina Oil 5, it shows total units 2. Then if I expand, it shows FC transfer 1 and FC processing 1. So the out of three that I sent, two got received. I know. I don't know what happened to the one.

Speaker B: And so, so are you summarized. So one is. We don't know. Oh, what do you mean? Because on the sales show home it says we sold four.

Speaker C: Yeah, that's what I'm.

Speaker D: This is from yesterday. Yesterday's report and shows last 30 days, three units.

Speaker B: So you know, so sorry, how many did you send down above? You sent five, we sent three, we've sold four. Do you want to confirm since.

Speaker C: Since August 15th. We sold four.

Speaker B: And so if you sent three, three was sent later.

Speaker D: Sent was. I'll tell you when was the 5 liter scent. Let me check that real quick.

Speaker B: If you sent three and we sold three, what do you mean by FC transfer and FC processing?

Speaker D: So, Alicia, if you remember, we sent multiple shipments, right? We sent 10 cases to them first from UPS. Out of those, eight got stranded. Out of 10. So two probably got cleared. I don't know for what reason.

Speaker B: Those are those. Okay.

Speaker D: Yes. And then we sent three more to them with a master carton and the box label. All correct. So what. What we were thinking could be an error at the time of shipping those 10 boxes. We corrected at the time of shipping the last three units. Yeah, but last three units, instead of showing three, it. It shows two. So I'm not sure what this two is for.

Speaker C: Right. Okay, I see that one is in IPSYS Transfer. Right. And then two. You meant those are received and sold?

Speaker D: Yeah. And these three units were sent after 15th of August?

Speaker C: Yeah, I think they were received on the 24th. Let me check one more time.

Speaker D: I can give you an FBA number. FBA number is.

Speaker C: I can see that.

Speaker D: GWK or something. This is the FBA number.

Speaker C: Yeah, they received on the 26th. 26th.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: And do you know when those three were sold? Show home specifically.

Speaker C: Yeah, I know.

Speaker B: After the 26th or before the 26th.

Speaker C: Okay, so one was sold on 15th, then on 18th, then 24th, then 30th. Sometimes they are also sold before they're received.

Speaker D: So.

Speaker B: And then. So what does FC transfer and FC processing mean? Does that mean they're being received or they're being sold.

Speaker D: So FC Transfer is fulfillment center transfer. So they have multiple fulfillment sector across different locations and they distribute it internally from warehouse to warehouse. That is FC Transfer. FC processing is once that product lands in the fulfillment center and if a customer has booked an order and it is at the pick stage or order processing stage, that is when it enters into FC processing, let's say allocated to a customer order.

Speaker B: Okay. So the processing is. Has been ordered and it's being filled. Okay. Okay, so this is really interesting. So you've sent 10, then you sent four, three or whatever. And so now it looks like some have been received from both. But for sure the total but amount

Speaker D: out of those 10, eight is still shown as unfulfillable.

Speaker B: So my question, there was issues. You know there was issues with that product, right, Annabelle? You know there was issues with the labels on that product.

Speaker D: Yes, yes, we know about the labels for sure. Yes, but.

Speaker B: And those ones were not why two

Speaker D: would clear out of ten? That is my question. Why not?

Speaker B: Yeah, but I just ignore those. So of those eight, they were rejected. And you already have two assumptions of issues on that product. Number one, they weren't in a second box. And number two, there was. There was a labeling error. So yes, the next shipment that you sent of the three perfect labels and were also in a box and this is in my opinion showing that those made it through and they sold. Yeah, because they arrived on the 24th, one sold on the 24th, one sold on the 30th and one is processing.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: So I think we should send in another.

Speaker D: Yes. So that is why I'm bigger one.

Speaker B: Are we getting those other eight returned to us or what are you doing with those eight?

Speaker C: Yeah, we're getting return.

Speaker B: Okay. So I think. So we did a successful small test of use their courier ship them in a second box to avoid damage. The labels were process was. Right. So why don't we. So we did three. Why don't we do another bigger one?

Speaker D: I'm thinking of doing 10.

Speaker B: Okay. Exactly the same way.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, let's do it.

Speaker D: But once we move into palletized cargo, should we just send a separate shipment of 5 liters through Amazon partnered company for one pallet instead of pallets through their partner?

Speaker C: I don't think so. Not in Canada. Okay.

Speaker B: Is 10 on a pallet?

Speaker D: No, we send like what, 60 plus on the ballot.

Speaker B: But if you send 10, that's just going courier size. Oh, individual.

Speaker D: So last time I got individual labels. So each was going to different destination. The three that I sent went all together to the same destination. So I'm not sure what.

Speaker B: Okay. And so is the 10. You're gonna send the 10 to the same destination. Exactly. Exactly the way you send three.

Speaker D: No. So it is Amazon's directive. I don't have the option to select. They give us a direction whether to send 10 separate shipments to 10 different locations or one shipment to one location. But it will be 10 different boxes for sure. It won't be one master carton with three products or three boxes in it.

Speaker B: No, but is it. But this is going like you're gonna do this the exact same way you did. Because again, I'm just trying to validate that this way the product's getting through. Then the next challenge is now when we go to pallet quantities, what happens again?

Speaker D: Got it.

Speaker B: Right, Got it. Okay.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: So let's just do this mini step again and validate that product's getting you because that will validate our assumptions that it's packaged better. It's double boxed. Yeah. And the labeling process that you have in place. So that will validate that. And then we'll have to have another discussion on like, okay, do we just start throwing it on pallets again? Do a partial palette and see. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: So we are good with that. But in the meanwhile, should I keep ignoring Amazon's message? Soham. So on my case that I raised with them, they keep on giving the same rewards time and again that hey, your Amazon product listing page contains less information. I'm not sure what they are trying to.

Speaker C: You know, since this test that we are doing right now is, I think it looks like it's successful. How about we ignore what happened before and then focus on sending more shipments and see if that works.

Speaker D: Right, right.

Speaker C: Because Amazon seller support is frustrating, very frustrating. So we'll just be wasting our time like literally.

Speaker D: On my follow up email they gave me the same reply, copy pasted, same reply. And I think, and I think now they are started doing it for usa. I don't know for what reason. Yeah, because yesterday evening it was appearing under Amazon USA port portal for my rewards from the case. I'm like, this is not usa, this is Canada.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker D: And we don't sell it into us anymore.

Speaker B: So, so, so next steps on 5 liters we're getting those 8 returned back to us. We're sending in 10 more to validate that this is working like yes. And then, and thirdly, ignore their email right now. Just ignore them. Okay, okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So you'll do that right away that next week you're saying Anna above and then well no more.

Speaker D: Yeah I can do that right away next week. Week and Soham. I'm not sure like do I have to take any steps or you will take care of that return?

Speaker C: Oh I have created that return. I don't know why they got processed or not but I did submit the request. Yeah, I'll check.

Speaker D: Okay. Because. Because in my reporting from Amazon it's still showing as unfulfillable. So I'm just worried it should not get disposed. That's it.

Speaker C: No, no it will not be because our default settings is that it will be return.

Speaker D: Okay. Okay. To verify the numbers. So okay. Let me hide the unnecessary field so that you can just focus on the numbers. Okay. So first is three pack chickpeas variety pack and I think we are more than decently stocked on this. Sitting on 221 units against 50. So I'm not putting anything for that. Then next comes our lentils variety pack three pack. So we have sufficient for two months. But if you want like I was thinking of sending another. So we have 48 that is already being shipped next week already into our plan. So I think we should be good. Like we have total units of 79 and then we are doing 48.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker D: So I'm not putting anything for.

Speaker C: Yeah, you are just going to send 48 more. That's, that's. Yeah that's sufficient.

Speaker D: Then two pack oil for Amazon Canada. We are sitting at 342 total units including transit and everything.

Speaker C: That's fine. Yeah it looks good.

Speaker D: Okay so we already discussed about 5 liters bib. I'll do that and then if I talk about 28 grams snacks to go variety pack. We are doing 67 cases or 402 units next week.

Speaker C: Right. So just to confirm we are still going to continue according to three months supply because this time, I mean during this time of the year it will be risky. We continue with two months of supply.

Speaker D: Right?

Speaker B: Yeah. If you're concerned show home about shipping and stuff. It's okay if you want to keep replenished at three months. And we'll just time the new design

Speaker C: when we know I think towards the beginning of the year January that time would be okay. That's because I'll have to think more a little bit more about that. But I think Q4 will be the busiest time at the warehouses. So let's not switch it during this time. You can switch it but we have to give up three months. Yeah, that would be nice. And we're also Going to participate in deals. This is the time of the year when we do deals.

Speaker B: And that's a question. So the lightning deals and the other promotions, because I did notice this 18, it's at 3.9 reviews right now. So do you lose ability to do some of that?

Speaker C: Yes, we lose the ability to participate in the prime day. Sorry, price discount.

Speaker B: Okay. Because that's something too to watch with these. Because shelf life is a thing too. Like ideally, these are getting the product at the freshest as possible. Right. So if we're holding on to three months inventory, it's probably already, you know, four months into its shelf life. So we don't want to, you know, hold on to too much. We want to keep it like tight enough that it's fresh. And we just got to watch that because now if we can't participate in some of these promotions, the volume's gonna kind of stagnate a bit.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Which is so weird because it says it's 3.9 reviews, but 72% is 4 and 5 stars. Like I don't even know how. Like it's crazy how easy, how hard it is to keep a four star review. Like I was looking at even so many other ones. Like they're at 4 or 4.1 just like some other brands.

Speaker C: Yeah. I was hoping that this one will stay above four and it was above. It was at four even two days ago. So that's why I was.

Speaker A: Yeah, I was gonna say literally Alicia and I talked about it yesterday and it was there or two days ago.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. So it's just watching. But yeah, it's crazy. Like even I was looking at like Quest and IQ Bar and they're all at like 4.4.1. It's like really hard to hold on to a 4/plus like review. So hopefully it bounces back. It just takes one 5 star review or a couple. But I think it's just crazy how like 70% of reviews are 4 and 5 star and it's not a force. Like how they go decimal wise is very.

Speaker D: Or maybe what's the percentage result that affects into a star rating? So let's say how many 4 stars or 3 stars review percentage wise would add to a.

Speaker B: Keep it over four. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: Maybe if it is 90 and above or 85 and above.

Speaker B: We don't know. Yeah. So yeah. So again, I'm just kind of triggering here. So we have another 400 going in. We already still. Because did we do 558 in August or maybe I was looking at the. Because I thought it was like only three again. I'm 319 is what we have in dashboard for sales.

Speaker C: Really for 18 count. How is it 390? It's not 319.

Speaker B: It's higher, right?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Because I was like, that seems soft.

Speaker C: No, it's not.

Speaker B: Okay, so 558 is more accurate.

Speaker A: Show home.

Speaker B: Yeah, because that was another question I had. Okay, so 558 is more accurate, which is so. Okay, so then we have 558. So yeah, then you have two months. We're sitting there right now and by the time it gets fulfilled, you're two, three weeks out. So this is okay. This is good forecasting. The fresher we keep it, the better our reviews will be.

Speaker D: But my concern. So we have already. So if I look at thousand, thousand does not include 400. So this will be 1400 units.

Speaker B: Yeah. Three months worth of product.

Speaker D: Yeah. So do you think we have to add those 500 units or should I just hold?

Speaker B: I think you should hold because you're already sending 402 next week.

Speaker D: Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah. So I would.

Speaker D: So 1000 plus four. So 1400. So I think we are good for three months.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker D: I'll just take this off

Speaker B: and we'll talk about it on our next touch point to get it. Because when we talk on our touchpoint and above, you typically get it slotted in within two to three weeks of production. Right. Like.

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. And then for the power variety pack, three pack. I think we are healthily stocked here. Let's talk about 15 grams. Snacks to go.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker D: This is something I think we can plan. So. So if, if we are looking at 1300. So that will be 3009, Three months. And 3900 minus 2708 will be like I have to send around another 1200. Close to 1100 to 1200.

Speaker B: And again, so this is saying we sold almost 1300, but the dashboard show home is saying shy of a thousand.

Speaker C: I'll check that dashboard or something's probably wrong with that. Sorry about it.

Speaker D: So my, my estimation is we should send 1200.

Speaker B: Yeah. Because you just have one month, two months worth.

Speaker D: Yeah. But on this I have to have to check what would be the packaging material for those 1200 will be partial or not. So we have to go and check that at a time.

Speaker B: So you're thinking that that's the first item will be into the new look.

Speaker D: I'm not. Hundred percent. I'll have to double check.

Speaker B: Okay. Because I know. Because you have both on order, right?

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: Is 1200 too much show Home or is that a good number?

Speaker C: I think it's probably. You can send a little less, maybe 600, 800 something in that range.

Speaker B: Okay, maybe 800.

Speaker C: By the way, the experiment that we did with the deals, it was, it went successfully. So for this product we participated in the base deals for seven days. And the rank that you put it is steady. We. It is still steady. So that's why you see the job in sales volume.

Speaker B: And that was a specific separate promotion for this one versus the other one. Right. Show Home. Sorry, did you use this? Did you run the same, did you run the same type of promotion on both snacks to go or just this one? Like why did this one work so much better? You think so?

Speaker C: For this one we did it for seven days. For the other one, the 18 count. Just for. Yeah, 12 hours.

Speaker A: 12 hours.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: So that's why you're thinking 1300 in the month is because of that seven day promotion as well. So that's why Annaba. That's why Show Home saying, you know, soften a little bit because we did a significant promotion in August for back to school. So that's why the numbers were so good. So 800 is good.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker D: Okay. Yeah, makes sense. Okay, perfect. Amazon us. Before we proceed with the discussion, I just had a doubt on the next week builds. So I reached out to you on via email and we confirmed that we would be doing 15 grams for us 300 units for next week. But I was just concerned with the numbers. So I have like 80 units and I have one and a half months right now. But yeah. Is 300 way too many or is too many?

Speaker C: Yes, I, I think that I, it should be in total, probably 300 in total or even slightly less. 250.

Speaker D: Yeah, I thought so.

Speaker C: Should be.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: So in that case,

Speaker B: So you're maybe just putting 50 units in

Speaker D: 172. Because if I have to maintain 300 I have to do 128 which is already in transit and in stock. So 300 minus 128 will give me 172. So that is what we should plan then. 172 units. So I'll communicate this change so that Aaron doesn't finalize her work order. Okay. For, for variety pack we are doing 102 units next week. And then we have 89 units so close to a month stock in hand and then we are doing 102 next week. So I'm, I'm thinking of sending 40 more or even 60 if needed.

Speaker C: Yeah, I think 60 should be fine.

Speaker D: Yeah, let's do that.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. Because again, if the dashboard is right, it's showing you've already sold 10 just this first week of September. So that's good.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: It's nice to see the favas going great.

Speaker D: Then 15. We already discussed all this. Then the oil. For the oil, we have total units close to two months inventory. And then we are already sending 60 units next week. So I don't think we need to plan more for the oil. Yeah. Okay. Now the only issue is sending to Amazon. This is a small shipment, like just doing half a pallet. So either I can do this or wait. To club from another week. You. You get what I mean, Alicia.

Speaker B: So. So you're shipping 102 next week. Week though.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: And then you're saying maybe another 60. Yeah, I think you would be fine. If you're shipping 100, you have 89. If you need to wait to consolidate a larger, you would have some time, I think.

Speaker D: Yeah, I'll put a comment that way to consolidate for another week

Speaker B: because the 102 is going next week.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker D: And for Amazon Canada. Canada. Yeah, I can send that. That's not a problem. Okay, perfect. That's it from the inventory side.

Speaker B: Awesome. Okay, so we have next steps on the 5 liters. Inventory looks good. And then, yeah, we'll jump in, show home if you wanted, give us the info a little bit on those promos and do a sales update. That would be great. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: So I wanted to talk about two things.

Speaker B: You can jump off if you want, annabab, or you can stay. Totally up to you.

Speaker D: Okay, yeah, yeah, I'll jump off.

Speaker B: Thanks.

Speaker C: Okay, so I want to talk about two things. First is about the deals that what we can do in the coming months because you know, there are so many events that are going to happen take place. And second thing is I want to talk about the US situation, particularly of the pricing situation. So I'm going to share my screen now and talk about the deals first. So these are all the deals that are. We have available on tformers Canada, the Canadian marketplace. And this is what I'm thinking of doing. Well, I thought that we still have four stars for the 18 count, which is this SKU. So I also listed the prime exclusive deals, but we cannot participate in those anymore. So for Fall prime day, we can participate in base deals and we can also participate in the. For Black Friday Cyber Monday, it's better to reserve these deals right now. We can Also participate in the base deals, but that will run for 12 days at 20%. Are we okay to run 20% discount for 12 straight days? That's one question.

Speaker B: And we can do that even though it's a Prime exclusive? Oh yes. It's not a prime days. It's just for prime members.

Speaker C: Okay, so there are different kinds of deals. We are talking about three different kinds of deals here. Two different deals. One promotion in Amazon's terminology. So one is lightning deal, another one is base deals. So these are these two comes under deals where Amazon shows what you're eligible for. Since they are showing that we are eligible, these products eligible. So these are all the options that you have. Deals that you can participate in. Okay, so since Amazon is saying that we're eligible, we can definitely participate. Now there's another kind of promotion which is called price discount. It used to be known as prime exclusive discount before. For that one the products need to have four stars or above. So you cannot participate in that anymore. So I'm just limiting the options to the deals. Whatever Amazon is.

Speaker B: Okay, so you want it, you're wanting to run three days in the fall and then the 12 days. 12 days does worry me a little bit.

Speaker C: Well, I have to. It can be actually for seven days because that three days was for prime exclusive deal.

Speaker B: Oh, so best. So the best deals promotion is always 12 days?

Speaker C: No, it's seven days usually. And then for the Black Friday Cyber Monday It's 12 days.

Speaker D: Wow.

Speaker B: And it has to be 20%.

Speaker C: Yeah, that's the minimum.

Speaker B: Crazy.

Speaker A: Can I also. Sorry. Show home. Interrupt for a second. Are you Talking about the 18 pack has fallen.

Speaker C: This is the 18 pack.

Speaker A: Because on my end it's still showing. It's at four stars.

Speaker B: Well, I was looking on dot com. Are they the same.com&.ca. They should be.

Speaker A: Right?

Speaker B: Because.

Speaker C: Oh yeah, we can participate in it. So what did I just check before? You said in the US it's 83.9. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, but aren't they the same? US and Canada?

Speaker C: Yes, they're the same, but I don't know.

Speaker B: So one is saying four and one is saying 3.9.

Speaker A: 3.9.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Because Canada is still saying four.

Speaker B: Okay, so I saw this report. So that's interesting. Okay, okay, so that, so that's keeps your prime deal, which is a one. It's one day prime and then you're wanting to do a three day best deal. I, I don't know if I can do the 12 day. That's too much. And then for two reasons, I think. Number one, it's a lot. And number two, like again, as we just kind of like Costco, I just cannot have Costco having an issue with what we're doing. So yeah, I can't do the 12 day, but we could do the three day and the one day.

Speaker C: And how about Prime Day for Prime exclusive deal for pipe days during Black Friday Cyber Monday.

Speaker B: And so that's just prime member exclusive.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker B: When do all these start and end? Like when we say fall. When we say Black Friday. Like what are the dates on these?

Speaker C: So Black Friday Cyber Monday is Black Friday Cyber Monday. I mean, November 20th.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: What is it?

Speaker B: That's Thanksgiving. Okay. Yeah, yeah. What about the other one?

Speaker C: This one hasn't been decided, but it should be, let's say the second week of October.

Speaker B: Okay. So they're a month apart.

Speaker C: More than that.

Speaker B: And Prime Day.

Speaker C: Prime Day. Prime Day is gone already.

Speaker B: Right. Okay. So. But you have the one day prime day that you wanted to.

Speaker C: Okay, okay. I'm sorry, this is probably a little bit confusing. So let's ignore this one for now. So we have to. Events that are going to happen. Right. So one is for. From Amazon. One is Amazon exclusive.

Speaker D: Right.

Speaker C: And they call it Fall Prime Day. Used to call it Fall Prime Day. They sometimes call it what prime big deal day. Oh, so that's coming in October. Probably going to happen in the second week of October.

Speaker B: And

Speaker C: Black Friday Cyber Monday is not Amazon exclusive, but it's going to happen on Amazon too. Right. So we know the dates. That's something we can.

Speaker D: We already know.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker C: So these are the flagship events that we want to participate in. And this is something we want to do almost every month is what I proposed before. Right. That we should do at least one lightning deal every month and see how that benefits our ranking. So instead of doing lightning deal, because you know the lightning deals and base deals, they need to have at least one. One month between the events. So I don't want to take that risk and participate in a lightning deal in September for any of these products. Instead, I was thinking maybe we should just do one prime exclusive price discount for just one day. September, maybe tomorrow on that product specifically. Exactly.

Speaker B: And that would be in September.

Speaker C: Yeah, I mean tomorrow, or let's say even Monday or Tuesday.

Speaker B: Okay, well, while we still have the four stars, go ahead and activate that for September. And I think. And again, so the reason I need to know. And we definitely need to add these dates, Brittany. To our promotion calendar because when we are doing promotions on Amazon, I need to balance and understand that when we're doing Costco ca. When we're doing Costco rotations, when we're doing our retailer. Because yeah, like the same way that Amazon loses buy box, like I will could have my biggest customer come back and say, you're doing a rotation on this item in my nationally in Canada and you've just put it on sale for 212 weeks. Like I can't have that. Right. So I need to know. 12 days is much too long, even five. So what I'm kind of thinking is I, I have to pick one or the other. I'm going to say don't do anything in October, do the one for September, wave the October and then do the Cyber. The Cyber 5 days if you want. Just again, because I nationally have product in Costco across in October for sure. I think I have to look at that. So. And then when we, when we look at the show home, I need to know the months and the dates so that I can look at our greater promo calendar and understand what's on sale, where and when to make sure that our market is balanced. And I'm not going to piss anyone off.

Speaker C: Yeah, okay, sure. I'll add the dates and send these over. So do you want to take a look at this?

Speaker B: Yeah. And then we'll come back with like an approval. But right now what I'm thinking is it's going to be. I'm, I'm totally fine to do the one day September, like one day flash sales are a little bit easier. But once we're getting like three plus days, that's where these things really get noticed. So. So where I'm kind of thinking is one or the other for October, November. But Brittany, can you add this to our marketing agenda next week on our touchpoint? And let's look at the full promo calendar. And I should even just slot into that just certain timing of certain things so that we make sure that we make informed decisions or at least do

Speaker C: it for one day during the prime day in October. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Just this one at least.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah. Because we cannot participate with the other product anyway during that time.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And is there any. Do you see any value in show home and doing like coupons at all or is that in your strategy?

Speaker C: Well, if I do any kind of coupon that would be subscribe and save coupon.

Speaker A: Just subscribe and save. And would that also be for 20%? Because coupons we can do what we want, right?

Speaker C: Mm, at least 10.

Speaker A: But I'm saying maybe is there Like a middle ground here where instead of doing like the full seven days or 12 days, there's like a few dollars off of a coupon for five days. Like, is that helpful or.

Speaker C: No? Well, the thing is, if you, during these events, if you participate in these deals, then Amazon will promote. Oh, this is a fall prime day deal.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: If you do a coupon, it will not be promoted in the same way.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. So you're just saying for, in terms of like algorithm and attention from Amazon, if you participate in their specific deals, you get better results. That's kind of what you're saying?

Speaker C: Yeah, they promote it more. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Like ranking higher.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And then what are the other two items here?

Speaker C: It's a Camelin oil. And this is the old snack to go.

Speaker B: Okay. And these are your asking best deals. And so again, details for me, like if that's the name of the best deals, I need to know the date and how many days and what the discount is that you're asking for.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, I'll send these over an email.

Speaker B: Okay, that's great. And then what we can start doing, Brittany, is if you can put it in our promo calendar, we'll meet on it next week in our marketing touchpoint to just revisit our promo calendar. And that might be something we just bring to this meeting. We pop up and just realign every two weeks on what promotions are coming up and just make sure that our calendar is up to date. Yeah, okay.

Speaker C: All right, so now I would like to discuss a little bit about the situation, the pricing situation in the US So I, I know we had this discussion, not really discussion, but I brought it up in another meeting and you said, no, we cannot do anything on the price. If it, we can increase it, we cannot lower it.

Speaker D: So.

Speaker C: Yeah, well, I wanted to still. I mean, we need to see where we stand compared to the competition in the U.S. right. So I wanted to show you some of the products that are very similar to ours. For example, these two are variety pack. The. There are about. One second. I think I forgot to point out where the fava.

Speaker B: And sorry, this is us specifically.

Speaker C: These are your specific. Yes. So I have three chickpeas variety packs and I have three fava beans, varied. And what I have done is I have the links along with the listing price, I mean, of the SKU and also price per ounce. Right. This is the price per ounce. And if I compare that with our product right now, this is where we stand. The old snack to go is at 1.9 US dollar per ounce and it's at 1.6. New snack to go is at 1.6 US dollar per ounce. Now, if we consider listing the products at this Canadian price in the usa, the prices will be this. So this is where we stand. And I think if we. This is probably a barrier to growth in the US the pricing.

Speaker B: So I, I don't understand. What are you comparing the variety packs to on the per ounce? What. What is the barrier?

Speaker C: Like, I think that the pricing. We are priced way higher than the competitors. And you will see, you will see the same if you. I mean, the.

Speaker B: But are these variety packs. These are just single. Okay. These are variety packs. Okay. Yeah. So I have to.

Speaker C: Well, not variety packs, but multi packs. I'm so sorry about that. But yeah, not all are variety packs, but multi packs, many.

Speaker B: That is a significant price in show home. Right. Like a multi pack, just putting one flavor in versus putting three separate flavors in 30 bags of a different size. Like, it's all very different.

Speaker D: So I agree with you.

Speaker B: We're looking apples to apples because 166 per ounce on a multi pack.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Compared to 190 per ounce on a variety pack, in my opinion, is highly competitive.

Speaker C: Okay. I mean, so let's take a look at these three and also let's see what they have here for these fava beans. Yeah. This is also a variety pack. And this is also another variety pack. And this is another one. Oh, no, this is not a variety pack. This is not a variety pack. So let's take a look at these five. Two, I believe are fava and then three are chickpeas or.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Something around. So you can look at these that are variety pack. And still if you compare, for example, this one is 90 cents per ounce.

Speaker B: How big. How big is the bag in the variety pack?

Speaker C: Okay, let's take a look at that. They are. Yeah.

Speaker B: Again, it's not. So these are. Again, just in manufacturing. Like, because we do all this pricing exercise before we go out to market show home. Like, we have the pricing curve across Costco to multi packs to KHI to Unfi to Amazon to Costco, ca. I don't question that our pricing is like too expensive compared to competition. Like so, because these, again, there's so many things you have to look at. How many units are in the box? Is it 50 plus? Like, we only have 18. Right. And so the bigger the units, the bigger the, the bigger the unit, the bigger there are and the higher price point, like your margins and everything flex. Right. So I don't Know if. Because again just Amazon fees and stuff. There is no way we can be lowering our.

Speaker C: Right. The thing is if you compare these. I mean I understand the fees and all those challenges. We definitely discuss about that, but most of these are valid packs here.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker C: So 0.94. We're comparing 0.94 dollar versus 1.9. That's why the company.

Speaker B: What is that Chickpea? Is that it? What is that chickpea variety packet 0.94 that you're actually talking about?

Speaker C: Okay. It's this. So they have 10 count 1.4 ounce packets.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: And then we. Let's take a look at the second one too. This is, this is, I think. Oh, this is what we just.

Speaker B: This is more. This is more comparable to our three pack chickpeas per ounce. Not a snack pack.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Variety. This one I would say is irrelevant. The Good Bean one is relevant.

Speaker C: Huh. Is this comparable? I think yes. This is 12 pack.

Speaker B: Quality wise, I would say no.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: But yeah, Good Bean would be the only real comparable here that I would probably.

Speaker C: This is also not a very established brand. So let's take a look at these. Yeah, this is better.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Bada Bean we've looked at too.

Speaker A: Oh gosh. Those macros are exactly the same. Hey.

Speaker B: Yeah. On f. Beans. Yeah. So Bada Bean is a good one. And so again I'm just kind of saying. So I guess when we kind of have these conversations. So what I'm hearing is there's barriers because that's my question here on sales. Like things in the US are really stunted and slow. They, they haven't really been like that before. So. But we've rationalized and so I understand there's competition. I just want to make sure we're looking at all the pieces of. Why? Because I don't necessarily think that pricing is always the way. We don't want to get into price wars and games. And if I start interfering on Amazon with my pricing, I literally interfere with the $11 million of my rest of my business. So pricing is the last place that we need to go. So I would like to look at all the other things. Are we using the right keywords? What advertising have we tried all the right promotions Is our like all of that kind of stuff to make sure. Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay, one question. Is the rest of your business, most of it is. Is happening in Canada, is that right?

Speaker B: Well, we have three Costco regions in the U.S. we have Safeway Out. No like California and the Midwest. We Retail business. Yeah.

Speaker C: And. And when you do it in the US how does the pricing compare with the Canadian pricing? Is it higher?

Speaker B: It's pretty aligned. On our core pouches, the variety packs are a little bit different depending on the volume and where they're shipping, but they're pretty aligned because we have the. And the exchange has stayed quite a way, but they're pretty close.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: The variety packs are different though, because the variety packs are not in retail. We don't put these in grocery retail. This is E Commerce and club pack. It's not a grocery retail item. It would be way too expensive to sell at grocery retail. So that's where those small multi packs came in. And they're much more expensive. They're like $10 for five units in grocery retail.

Speaker C: Okay. And so the question is this. So if we can sell in Canada at this price, do we need to sell at this price in the US to justify selling those products as a profit or what's the logic?

Speaker B: Because you're saying is right now our item not retailing for the same in Canada. In the US it's like the same ASIN and stuff, isn't it? Like what's our retail like? Why is our. I guess like.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah,

Speaker B: we sell for 29.99 in Canadian dollar.

Speaker C: Yeah. And in the US we sell at US dollar at the same price, of course, but in US dollar. Yeah.

Speaker B: Oh, I see, you're doing the conversion. Yeah. Usually the conversion is what helps us with all the additional fees and shipping into the U.S. okay. Because again, it's way more expensive. Like you have to keep shipping across Canada back and forth at the volumes that we're doing versus shipping into the US like we have to have something in there that helps us absorb all that. And right now it's the exchange. Yeah. So we've kept it parity like that and the exchange has helped us absorb all of it. Like again, I can go back with the question on what can we do for our US Pricing on these, but I need a bigger case then.

Speaker D: Sure.

Speaker B: I need. I, you know, I can't go and say, hey, our products aren't selling on.com because the pricing is not right. I don't think that's a good enough.

Speaker C: So what do you need from me?

Speaker B: So, well, and I went through, I was going back through the reports on just the keywords and stuff because last time, when we, when you showed us last month all the keywords and, and the advertising you were doing into all of that, we just looked at Canada. We didn't really do any of that for the Us. Who are the competitors? What are the keywords? Winning. Where are we winning? Where are we losing? Where do we need to win? So I think we need to understand that.

Speaker C: Sure.

Speaker B: Yeah. Because I know the US the biggest things we rationalized and we, we did say, like, what was the new budget? We did heighten the budget. There's less SKUs. You have the variety packs listed and fulfilled now. So I think we need to look at the advertising strategy and make sure that that is really dialed in.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. We are having challenges for advertising, for sure. Yeah. That's why I was like, let me look at what, what else can I do is the product offer. Okay. What is really restricting us from scaling in the US and the advertising there is very, very expensive. So, yeah, let's have a discussion regarding that in the next meeting. Let's see where we are.

Speaker B: And this is the big thing, like the thing about the US and this has always been our challenge in the US with dot com, it's way more competitive, it's way more expensive. And so it is trying to find that spot where we can play. Right. And start building some sort of leg. Like, because, yeah, it's not an application of Canada. Like, it's just Canada is just easier and way less competition. Like, it's like doing Amazon in one state versus the whole country. So, yeah, I think that's what you have to look at. Show home is what are. Where. Where are we winning and where do we need to win from an advertising point of view? What dollars are we spending? How are we spending them? Do we have the right product mix on Amazon.com because the camelina oil consistently does, like just fine. Like, it's not like. But again, it's such. It's a niche item. It doesn't have a lot of competition, so.

Speaker C: That's right.

Speaker B: Yeah. Where salty snacks, it's like especially healthy snacks. Protein snacks. Like, yeah, like, I, I do understand that Amazon is pay to play. It's like this industry in totality is pay to play, but we gotta just find how we play with not paying. Throwing mega bucks at the, at the wall. Right? Yeah, sure.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: So do you want to do that dive? Like the same kind of thing you did with Amazon? Ca do that dive. And I, you know, I don't know if that. How long would that. Do you want to bring that to the next meeting or is that more the end of the month kind of thing?

Speaker C: Well, I can do it in the next meeting.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: Just Look@.com specifically and because like, this is all good and like what you have here. Like, I appreciate bringing that pricing and stuff. That makes sense. Those variety packs, just making sure we're looking at apples to apples. And then again it's just. Yeah, it's kind of. We have to be very careful with our cost into. Because that snacks to go item, it's club and E commerce. That's the only place that type of variety pack will ever sell at that price. It doesn't go to grocery. So. So yeah, we just have to be careful. I have to be careful with what I do with my pricing because it impacts significant business. So yeah, sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: I also try to be cognizant just of like on a social media perspective when we're sharing some of that just for our sake and show home that I'm not sharing like the price point is not the main factor of those reels. You know what I mean? Like I'm not saying go to club because it's by far cheaper because I don't want that competition for you know what I mean? Like I don't want our online customers veering from Amazon fully, you know.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker A: And the good news is it like not the good news but like it won't be in club all year round for the next. You know, I mean, hopefully that also is the hope. Yeah, it's a weird thing. I always say that's Lisa. It's a weird thing to like balance

Speaker B: like, you know what I mean?

Speaker A: It's like the Amazon sales and then also trying to support retail and.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, well.

Speaker B: And it is, it's just the strategies like variety packs are the way to go on Amazon and it's also this format for club. Like the goal is that this format for club is a permanent club item.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Like the. So yeah, it's. So I think we have to just look at the. Because what we will have to come the new year show home is likely a snack mix product which will be a variety pack of our core items. It won't be a snack pack variety bag like a snacks to go. It won't be that but it will be a new item. So there is innovation coming that should help pump and differentiate and give something to the portfolio to compete a little bit more. But yeah, we just have to think about how we wrap up our products too because yeah, because these snacks to go items like we have the competition of like the bean competition but then we also have competition of Costco CA and Costco and like. Yeah, I'm still trying to figure out if the Amazon shopper Is a Costco shopper like where do you buy your snacks? Like I never buy food on Amazon but I sure as hell buy a lot of other things because I buy all my food at Costco because I have a family of like six people. So like. Yeah, so yeah, we kind of just strategically need to. How does each one differentiate and how do we bundle for Amazon so that it can compete and not interfere with other strategies? Yeah. Right. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So do that deep dive on.com on where kind of like what's winning, what's not winning. Where do we need to win in order to grow and what's that? What do we think that actually means in terms of cost and time like to do that? Right. Like, like what's the investment behind actually pumping that engine to a place of you know, trying to get to 50 grand a month in the next, you know, two years or whatever it is? Right. Like what does that path actually look like?

Speaker C: Yeah, well we definitely need to change something compared to what we are doing right now. So yeah, let's have a discussion next meeting in the, in two weeks and

Speaker B: yeah, and because that will be a thing show because what I'm looking for is it simply. So are we actually saying that there is something positioned about our item that is wrong? Like the pricing is totally out of whack. We were not selling the premium. Well, we're not the words are right. Or are we saying the item set up well to succeed but we need to pump a lot of cash behind it to generate trial and that's. That's what we need to do. Right. And then what does that mean? It's now we're spending 20. We need to be spending for 40% for six months and then dial back. Those are, those are the types of. That's what we kind of need to decide so that I can go to the greater team around budget and saying if you want to turn.com on in a bigger way this is what it going to cost and this is how long I'm saying give me so I can show you.

Speaker C: Right. Well definitely I'll not comment on those things right now. Let me look into the data properly and then I'll have something ready for the next meeting. Let me show you one more thing before you go. This is something good that happened in Canada. So just wanted to show you how we have been doing in Canada. This is in the US by the way. So month over month. Right. Look at this data.

Speaker B: Yeah, this is Canada, right?

Speaker C: This is Canada. Yeah, just in Canada, almost 60,000. That we did in August.

Speaker B: Yes. Yeah. Because Brittany, she was chatting me the other day too. So now we've consistently the last, over the last two and a half months, we consistently run rating over 50, moving over 60. So I think there's a definite great story here in Canada that we are, I do believe in 2026. Like I budgeted Amazon CA in 2026 to be a million dollar business. Like. Okay, right. Like I think that's very doable based on the trend and what, what's happening here as long as we don't have any disruption for whatever reason.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, that's super exciting. Like what we're doing in Canada is working. We just have to just keep on top of it and. And again, if we throw snack mixes, like another item of like a protein snack mix that comes out in Canada, which is one of first to market, I think it would be. It'll be really help to generate attention. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So dossier is going really well, but yeah, I see. I know what you mean about dot com. It's always been one of those areas that we pulled back our spend when the whole at Kovid, then we pulled back our spend because who knew what the hell was going on with tariffs. We're not going to start sinking dollars into a market that we don't even know if it's going to cost us twice the amount, three times the amount,

Speaker D: none of the amount.

Speaker B: So it's been a bit of a holding issue too. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So yeah, we'll talk more on the next call. The it's really good news. If we can get that freaking 5 liter going in, that is a good revenue generator, that 5 liter camelina oil. I'm really hoping these 10 cases. I'm hoping we've crack the nut on something here. We'll see. Awesome. All right, thanks everybody. Have a great week.

Speaker C: Yeah, you as well.

Speaker B: Yeah, bye. Bye.

