Transcript for: Recording__169.mp4
Title: Recording #169
============================================================

Go and wherever. And then she's like, this is what we forecasted. This is where we're at. And typically she's like, we are, you know, not even at 50 of what we said we needed for Amazon. And that always looks really, really bad. So every time that we have that conversation, Brad is looking at me going like, what? Why is this like still like off? And I just need to have a better understanding, even if it's a monthly snapshot, to say, okay, we've revised the forecast in February. Yes, our February forecast was this. We hid this. These are the reasons why we missed it. And I know that we continue to have some items out of stock, like shells and cups, but everything else I feel like we've gotten in the order. So I do want us to have a bit of a better grasp in terms of like, if we are missing sales, how much are we missing them by and why? Right. I understand that, Zilke. So, yes, I can, I wish I could walk you through all of those things, even for February, but I don't have the breakdown ready for February yet. I mean brand wise. But I will say this. When I was reviewing this for January, the out of stock condition situation still continue. And I also gave you those numbers how much we lost because of out of stock. It was perhaps in total we lost close to 200,000 plus. And if you ignore the out of stock situation, it will come down to 73,000. So a big chunk is at least in January, till January was still because of out of stock situations. But you can keep track of that. And by the way, I think because I'm really concerned about the stock situation at Amazon, one new thing that I want to do is to keep a log of, let's say when the plan is being created versus when the warehouse is getting all of those things ready and that is being picked up and then when it's being delivered to Amazon and when Amazon is making it available so that we can track where we are losing so much time. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. All right. So I'm just trying to understand what I should do from here so that I can give you some information. Like, what would you like to know? Za, is it okay if I say give you the same kind of breakdown that I gave you until January for the month? Okay, yeah, that's fine. Yeah. And if we do have major out of stocks like you say that we do, I'd love to know, like, okay, what are the major items that are missing that we could actually work from that? Awesome. All right. Now, should we talk about. So apart from this, did you want to add something else? I don't think so. I think we're okay for now. So let's talk about setting up Instacart. I read your email. You mentioned that you don't have access to ads.instacart.com have you tried logging into ads.instacart.com this website, or just instacart.com instacart.com so I should be doing ads.instacart ads.in the cart.com let's see. Maybe that's where it wasn't working for me. See Zed rejoic. Com. Okay, that's not showing up. Do you know what email it's associated with? It should be with your no sugar company. So you can also try resetting your password. Sh co. Reset password. Not a robot. Reset password. Okay, so let's see if that works. I can also add. No. Okay, I got the change my password option. So let's do that. If you have the credit card with you, you can also, I mean, update it right now if you have that after you reset your password. Yeah, I do. I did get my credit cards activated, so. Okay, where you have to go? I'm on the phone. Remember me? Save password manual later. Is it Vegan Pure one or. No, no, there's two accounts. Yeah, you have to click on this icon here on the top left corner. And from there you have to click on. If you click on that, you'll see three options. You have to go to Join Share screen. Okay. Okay, where do I go? On the top left corner, that carrot icon, the Instacart icon. Click on that and then switch account. And then you have to select. Oh, you don't have access to Choi first? No. Okay, that makes. Might have been Jessica who set it up with you. Jessica. I forget her last name. Okay, so it might be under hers. All right, I'll. I'll communicate with her if I need to and then I'll send an invite to you. Jessica's no longer here. Not just doesn't work here, so. Oh, so I'll communicate with Instagram. I have. I'm in touch with them and I'll see. I'll set up your account and also Nikhil's account. And then. Okay. Yeah, we can. Then you can add the credit card. Okay. And let me see if I have my work credit card here because I know that I activated if. If it is okay, you can tell me right now. I can input it here. Yeah, Let me just see if I can find it. If I have it on me. They sent us so many cards. I think we had six credit cards. This is a joy burst one. Is this US or Canada? How do I know which one? Okay, this is the Canadian one you need, right? I. I need the US one. This is in. In the usa. Right? Target. This is a Canadian account. You see the Canada flag? Oh no. I'm switching to drivers USA. You don't have access to drivers USA. USA. But we are advertising in the USA. So it will be a US account. Okay. So here's my US card. Four four six five. One second. Give me one second. 4465-4719-4719-6502. 6502. 9047. 047. Okay. And expression date. 1225. Oh no, no. That's valid. Front 1229. 1229 and CVC 845. 845. And the postal would be our work one. So I don't know what that. Let me just google that. It will be L5G 4S1. Okay. Beautiful. All right. So I'll log out of this one then. And stop shooting. There we go. Okay. Oh. Oh my God. You may need to take. Say the number one more time. Sorry. Oh, that's okay. Hang on. Let me find the card again. 4465-4719-6502-9047. 7. And then it was 1229. And then 8, 4 5. Okay. I'll just paste it. Save it. Link on my card. No, I do that. Please. I'm so sorry for this. But it just didn't happen. So. Could you say that one more time last. Let's try this. Sure. Do you want me to send you a picture or. No. Input it. Just say it. Okay. Four four six five. Yeah. 471-965-029047. Okay. And 8. 45845. Yeah. Yeah. All right. And then name on the card is A. Brad. No, that's. It's my name. Jelka. Josek. But they did Z, E, L, J, K A. Yes. And then last name. Could you spin that? R I, D, J os. I see. I see. And everything else will remain the same. I'll save it. Insufficient funds. Your card has insufficient funds. I've never even used it. So. What should I do? Oh my God. TD USB Joy verse. Can you see my screen by the way? No. No. My screen. So here if I Click on save. It shows. Give me. Give it a second. It will show that there's insufficient fund. It's taking a little longer now. Oh, your card has insufficient funds. You see? Okay. Okay, so I'm gonna write to Nikhil. I have no idea how he set up these stupid cards. We got six cards each and none of them seem to work. Okay. All right. All right. So in the meantime, I'll then add both of you to the Instacart profile. All right, so that's. That's all about Instacart. The strategy part is. Okay. I have also asked for some images from Elena, and I also advertised hydration before. So I have some idea on how I need to advertise. So it's good. All right, now, coming to the TikTok part. Do you want to talk about that or is that not important? Sorry, which one? The TikTok. No, I mean, what was the question? I was asking if you want to discuss that, or is that not really necessary? Right. Know, I think on the Tik Tok side, we definitely want to test things out. So I think it's important. One thing that we said we were going to do is we were going to get. So what happened was the guy who used to be our buyer at Walmart, us, he left Walmart and he became head of Tik Tok for food and beverage. So just so happens we know him and he actually came by to see me at Expo west at our booth. So we chatted and I told him, I asked him, I said, are there any beverages that are profitable on TikTok? And he said, truthfully, no. He said, you have to look at it as an investment for sampling of your brand. And I said, well, what type of investment are we talking about? He said, there's three different tiers, and, you know, I'll send you what that kind of looks like, and, you know, we could go from there. My worries is that, you know, it's gonna become like a dumping ground for, you know, our losses and ongoing losses, which I don't want to do. So I want to understand first from him, what type of investment do we like, does he even recommend in terms of, like, what are those three tiers? What should we be thinking about? Then we would come up with a strategy to say, okay, we're comfortable with losing whatever, $100,000 on this channel, because whatever. Whatever. Right, right. But I have to understand that part first, because if it's not going to be a profitable. We always ran our business on a profitable basis. So this would Be one where we would knowingly be accepting losses. Right, right. It's. It's like, yeah, I have seen opinion like don't Tick Tock shop is not necessary, but being on Tick Tock as a social media platform is necessary. So yes, I agree with that. Okay, so. Okay, so let's see how that goes. I'm gonna review your deck on my own just to kind of absorb it and then I could give you feedback on it. But I will wait to hear back from Nick and then once I get his recommendations, then I'll share that with you for as well. The one thing that we didn't have an agenda that I also wanted to make sure we cover is what are we doing with the multiples in us? I know you said that topic was not. So let's have our ongoing list of topics every week so we don't forget anything important. So if you don't mind, just send like an agenda before the meeting and that should be on it until we figure out what we're doing with it. Okay, I'll do that. Beautiful. So for. For the multiples, I am talking to Vico. There are few questions that I have basically technical setup challenges that we may face. So I'm trying to talk to them about that. For example, we have multiple warehouses with green rabbits too. So is it possible that we can fulfill different orders from different warehouses if we use Vico, things like this? So I'm trying to get answers for those questions and then I'll talk to Asia about that. So if we can switch to Vico, it can be a profitable, profitable still. The margin will be slimmer compared to the winter months, but still workable in the USA and in Canada. What we have been doing so far, yes, the margins are very slim after the price increases and to account for the extra shipping cost. And in Canada, it's much more workable compared to the usa. It. That's. That's what how we have been seeing for the last few years. Okay. Yeah. And if we cannot really switch to Vico, I don't think we should be selling the multiple products in the USA for the summer months. Okay. And you said we would lose about 300,000 off of our forecast. Yes. Okay. All right. I'm okay with that. So please explore then if we can. If we can't, let's take it out of our forecast and let Patricia know as well. So, Zela, we have some time. If you want, we can look at the email that I sent you with data up to January. Would you like to do that or would you like me to just send you the revised data with, you know, latest data from February as well? I think we talked about data up to January. Okay, yeah, we, we covered that one off. I did see one thing that kind of concerned me that Amazon is starting to use AI to review all the supplements and to flag all the products that need to get tested. So I know that might create potentially issues for us on slim, quick items. So any thoughts on that one or how we should be handling it? Well, I will not do anything proactively. So I will let Amazon flag it first. First and then they give us generally how it happens is even they, even if they flag it, they give some time, maybe one and a half months, two months. So that should be sufficient for us to deal with the situation. I don't think we should do anything proactively. Okay. Yeah. Okay, that's fine. All right. So is there something. I think since we have like six more minutes, we could start with the tech talk shop. Is there anything specific you want to highlight? Yeah, sure. Well, so first of all, Zilke, I wanted to talk about the four different pillars here. The foundation is really important. If we really want to. Even if, if we want to talk about profitability, let's say we want to, we need to select the product. Product offer that will be profitable in the long run. Beverages, there's no way to be profitable. So for that is why I was asking you about the drink mix powders, for example. So let me just go to the first one. We had two products in mind, right? One, we have been continuing the hydrogen drink mix and another one is vanilla. I don't think it will be profitable in any way. If you want to consider it as an investment, that's another thing. But if we talk about hydration drink mix, then a few things that I want to talk about is first of all, the pricing. What will be the pricing strategy? Listing optimization, social proof. These are the few things that I want to talk about. And this page, for example, is about the listing optimization. The main image. There are some best practices that I have explored in the food and beverage category. So I have some suggestions ready. But you have to. We cannot think in the way we have been thinking about. Amazon is different. So we can explore those best practices and then work on the main image and also the product page copy. And at the same time, what I think is when you reach out to affiliates, we cannot just send them samples and let them do however they want to do, however they want to create the videos. We should probably give them some lines that will align with our positioning, that will align with our key messaging. And about the pricing, I'm just trying to cover everything very quickly. On TikTok it's not, they are not as strict as Amazon. So we can, let's say the drink mix, we want to sell that at 20 but on TikTok we can probably price it at $30 and then always keep it at let's say $20 saying that we are running 30% discount or 33% discount all the time. And that's, that's about the, that's about the fundamental. And there are a few more things. Again the main image, the pricing strategy, secondary image, social group, this is what we need to set up first. And then coming to content marketing and affiliate content and affiliate marketing. Is there anything that you want to talk about the first part by the way, the pricing and the price? I think that, I mean you kind of know the players, you know that if you need images and stuff, Elena's the person to go to. Yes, I think that when it comes to guidelines we should definitely, you know, tell them like this is about the product, like main things to talk about. It helps you with focus. It has electrolytes and vitamin B complex, like that's pretty much it. But then I think that where we should let content creators, I mean we're not going to tell them what type of content to create because they're the experts in that. Right. Like they obviously have better knowledge of that than we do. I will disagree with that because there are so many tick tock content creators, especially the ones we are going to reach out to, they don't have many. TikTok probably have, has restricted us from reaching out to influencers who has more than 20,000 followers at this point. So I think I want somebody who's between like a thousand to like 10,000 followers. We don't want anybody big. Okay, but still I don't think they have that much knowledge and experience. If they had, they would probably not see that thousand followers you have. Probably if you also look at some of the contents that they have created so far, you will probably agree that it's not. Everything's not of quality. Yeah, Okay, I know they will still probably not listen but what you can say is hey, look at this video. This is crushing it. So can you create something on this similar to this one? We can give them some inspiration. Okay, yeah, that's fine. Now that's the foundation. I think that the reason I was talking about the key messaging part we need to implement that with the product page as well as if we can give them some guideline that this is the kind of content that is doing great. Can I do something similar? It will align, everything will align out with, with the messaging that we want to spread out there. Now once that base is set up then content marketing or affiliate marketing is the is is the primary thing when it comes to. It's not ads, it's content marketing and also live sale. Two things. Now for content marketing we need to really, when you're getting started, we need to really pump out as many content as possible. And that because the reason is it will start snowballing, it will have that effect. And I think the chances of one or two videos going viral out of let's say 300 videos is more than just posting 50 pieces of content and expecting one or two videos going. So that is also another thing. So these are a few things that I have mentioned. I again this is something on the same line that I just mentioned before. We can probably give them some idea about what the core messaging should be, some examples of what kind of videos are doing great. We can even refer to some computer videos in the same space space. And also it should have certain elements, for example, a good call to action that would sell. And I think instead of just collaborating with the influencers for one video, if we can somehow encourage them, hey, instead of posting just one video, if you post three videos within two weeks you have more chances of making money. Something like that. If we can encourage them to do that, and this is something I know you probably agree with, but I have seen people selectively do it. If we have seen some influencers, some very select influencers doing good quality content, then we can also to keep them encouraged from posting videos regularly, we can also incentivize them. That's another idea. Now last time I mentioned this, you mentioned, well, if they know how to make money from their videos, why would they feel that 20 or $30 per video is valuable for them? It's not enough. Right. The reason is I think if we see some creators producing quality content and we see some indication that it's getting more impressions than the other videos or it's getting more click through rate than the other videos, then we can probably, we will probably benefit if we, if they post same kind of videos more often, which is why I have kept it here. It's optional if it seems reasonable. Yeah, yeah. And yeah, so another thing that I mentioned, we reach out to so many different, so many influencers. I think it was almost 2,000 affiliates every week. Now, a fraction, only a fraction of those affiliates who convert in terms of requesting samples and then another fraction of those who accepted our invite actually post content. So we have to see, we have to build a follow up cadence. We have to build a sop around how we can increase that conversion rate. What I mean by that is number of videos posted versus the number of samples sent. How can you optimize for that? So all of these are great. Yeah, yeah. All of these are part of the affiliate marketing and content marketing plan for TikTok. Now before I go into GMB Max, I want to talk about live selling. I remember. Sorry, I do have a hard stop. I just noticed we're over time. But I will read through this and then maybe we could talk about it next in our next meeting. Yeah, okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay, well, thank you. And keep me posted if you need anything. I will. And I'll send you all the things. Yeah. Bye now. Beautiful. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Have a nice day.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Go and wherever. And then she's like, this is what we forecasted. This is where we're at. And typically she's like, we are, you know, not even at 50 of what we said we needed for Amazon. And that always looks really, really bad. So every time that we have that conversation, Brad is looking at me going like, what? Why is this like still like off? And I just need to have a better understanding, even if it's a monthly snapshot, to say, okay, we've revised the forecast in February. Yes, our February forecast was this. We hid this. These are the reasons why we missed it. And I know that we continue to have some items out of stock, like shells and cups, but everything else I feel like we've gotten in the order. So I do want us to have a bit of a better grasp in terms of like, if we are missing sales, how much are we missing them by and why?

Speaker B: Right. I understand that, Zilke. So, yes, I can, I wish I could walk you through all of those things, even for February, but I don't have the breakdown ready for February yet. I mean brand wise. But I will say this. When I was reviewing this for January, the out of stock condition situation still continue. And I also gave you those numbers how much we lost because of out of stock. It was perhaps in total we lost close to 200,000 plus. And if you ignore the out of stock situation, it will come down to 73,000. So a big chunk is at least in January, till January was still because of out of stock situations. But you can keep track of that. And by the way, I think because I'm really concerned about the stock situation at Amazon, one new thing that I want to do is to keep a log of, let's say when the plan is being created versus when the warehouse is getting all of those things ready and that is being picked up and then when it's being delivered to Amazon and when Amazon is making it available so that we can track where we are losing so much time.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, that makes sense.

Speaker B: Yeah. All right. So I'm just trying to understand what I should do from here so that I can give you some information. Like, what would you like to know? Za, is it okay if I say give you the same kind of breakdown that I gave you until January for the month?

Speaker A: Okay, yeah, that's fine. Yeah. And if we do have major out of stocks like you say that we do, I'd love to know, like, okay, what are the major items that are missing that we could actually work from that?

Speaker B: Awesome. All right. Now, should we talk about. So apart from this, did you want to add something else?

Speaker A: I don't think so. I think we're okay for now.

Speaker B: So let's talk about setting up Instacart. I read your email. You mentioned that you don't have access to ads.instacart.com have you tried logging into ads.instacart.com this website, or just instacart.com instacart.com

Speaker A: so I should be doing ads.instacart ads.in the cart.com let's see. Maybe that's where it wasn't working for me. See Zed rejoic. Com. Okay, that's not showing up. Do you know what email it's associated with?

Speaker B: It should be with your no sugar company. So you can also try resetting your password.

Speaker A: Sh co. Reset password. Not a robot. Reset password. Okay, so let's see if that works.

Speaker B: I can also add. No.

Speaker A: Okay, I got the change my password option. So let's do that.

Speaker B: If you have the credit card with you, you can also, I mean, update it right now if you have that after you reset your password.

Speaker A: Yeah, I do. I did get my credit cards activated, so.

Speaker B: Okay, where you have to go?

Speaker A: I'm on the phone. Remember me? Save password manual later. Is it Vegan Pure one or. No, no, there's two accounts.

Speaker B: Yeah, you have to click on this icon here on the top left corner. And from there you have to click on. If you click on that, you'll see three options.

Speaker A: You have to go to Join Share screen.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay, where do I go?

Speaker B: On the top left corner, that carrot icon, the Instacart icon. Click on that and then switch account. And then you have to select. Oh, you don't have access to Choi first?

Speaker A: No.

Speaker B: Okay, that makes.

Speaker A: Might have been Jessica who set it up with you. Jessica. I forget her last name. Okay, so it might be under hers.

Speaker B: All right, I'll. I'll communicate with her if I need to and then I'll send an invite to you.

Speaker A: Jessica's no longer here. Not just doesn't work here, so.

Speaker B: Oh, so I'll communicate with Instagram. I have. I'm in touch with them and I'll see. I'll set up your account and also Nikhil's account. And then.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, we can. Then you can add the credit card.

Speaker A: Okay. And let me see if I have my work credit card here because I know that I activated

Speaker B: if. If it is okay, you can tell me right now. I can input it here.

Speaker A: Yeah, Let me just see if I can find it. If I have it on me. They sent us so many cards. I think we had six credit cards. This is a joy burst one. Is this US or Canada? How do I know which one? Okay, this is the Canadian one you need, right?

Speaker B: I. I need the US one. This is in. In the usa. Right? Target.

Speaker A: This is a Canadian account. You see the Canada flag?

Speaker B: Oh no. I'm switching to drivers USA. You don't have access to drivers USA. USA. But we are advertising in the USA. So it will be a US account.

Speaker A: Okay. So here's my US card. Four four six five.

Speaker B: One second. Give me one second. 4465-4719-4719-6502.

Speaker A: 6502. 9047. 047.

Speaker B: Okay. And expression date.

Speaker A: 1225. Oh no, no. That's valid. Front 1229. 1229 and CVC 845.

Speaker B: 845. And the postal would be

Speaker A: our work one. So I don't know what that.

Speaker B: Let me just google that. It will be L5G 4S1.

Speaker A: Okay. Beautiful.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker A: So I'll log out of this one then. And stop shooting. There we go. Okay.

Speaker B: Oh. Oh my God. You may need to take. Say the number one more time. Sorry.

Speaker A: Oh, that's okay. Hang on. Let me find the card again. 4465-4719-6502-9047. 7.

Speaker B: And then it was 1229.

Speaker A: And then 8, 4 5.

Speaker B: Okay. I'll just paste it. Save it. Link on my card. No, I do that. Please. I'm so sorry for this. But it just didn't happen. So. Could you say that one more time last. Let's try this. Sure.

Speaker A: Do you want me to send you a picture or.

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: Input it.

Speaker B: Just say it.

Speaker A: Okay. Four four six five.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: 471-965-029047.

Speaker B: Okay. And 8.

Speaker A: 45845. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: All right. And then name on the card is A. Brad.

Speaker A: No, that's. It's my name. Jelka. Josek. But they did Z, E, L, J, K A.

Speaker B: Yes. And then last name. Could you spin that?

Speaker A: R I, D, J os. I see.

Speaker B: I see. And everything else will remain the same. I'll save it. Insufficient funds. Your card has insufficient funds.

Speaker A: I've never even used it.

Speaker B: So. What should I do?

Speaker A: Oh my God. TD USB Joy verse.

Speaker B: Can you see my screen by the way? No.

Speaker A: No.

Speaker B: My screen. So here if I Click on save. It shows. Give me. Give it a second. It will show that there's insufficient fund. It's taking a little longer now. Oh, your card has insufficient funds. You see?

Speaker A: Okay. Okay, so I'm gonna write to Nikhil. I have no idea how he set up these stupid cards. We got six cards each and none of them seem to work.

Speaker B: Okay. All right. All right. So in the meantime, I'll then add both of you to the Instacart profile. All right, so that's. That's all about Instacart. The strategy part is. Okay. I have also asked for some images from Elena, and I also advertised hydration before. So I have some idea on how I need to advertise. So it's good. All right, now, coming to the TikTok part. Do you want to talk about that or is that not important?

Speaker A: Sorry, which one?

Speaker B: The TikTok.

Speaker A: No, I mean, what was the question?

Speaker B: I was asking if you want to discuss that, or is that not really necessary? Right. Know,

Speaker A: I think on the Tik Tok side, we definitely want to test things out. So I think it's important. One thing that we said we were going to do is we were going to get. So what happened was the guy who used to be our buyer at Walmart, us, he left Walmart and he became head of Tik Tok for food and beverage. So just so happens we know him and he actually came by to see me at Expo west at our booth. So we chatted and I told him, I asked him, I said, are there any beverages that are profitable on TikTok? And he said, truthfully, no. He said, you have to look at it as an investment for sampling of your brand. And I said, well, what type of investment are we talking about? He said, there's three different tiers, and, you know, I'll send you what that kind of looks like, and, you know, we could go from there. My worries is that, you know, it's gonna become like a dumping ground for, you know, our losses and ongoing losses, which I don't want to do. So I want to understand first from him, what type of investment do we like, does he even recommend in terms of, like, what are those three tiers? What should we be thinking about? Then we would come up with a strategy to say, okay, we're comfortable with losing whatever, $100,000 on this channel, because whatever. Whatever. Right, right. But I have to understand that part first, because if it's not going to be a profitable. We always ran our business on a profitable basis. So this would Be one where we would knowingly be accepting losses.

Speaker B: Right, right. It's. It's like, yeah, I have seen opinion like don't Tick Tock shop is not necessary, but being on Tick Tock as a social media platform is necessary.

Speaker A: So yes, I agree with that.

Speaker B: Okay, so.

Speaker A: Okay, so let's see how that goes. I'm gonna review your deck on my own just to kind of absorb it and then I could give you feedback on it. But I will wait to hear back from Nick and then once I get his recommendations, then I'll share that with you for as well. The one thing that we didn't have an agenda that I also wanted to make sure we cover is what are we doing with the multiples in us? I know you said that topic was not. So let's have our ongoing list of topics every week so we don't forget anything important. So if you don't mind, just send like an agenda before the meeting and that should be on it until we figure out what we're doing with it.

Speaker B: Okay, I'll do that. Beautiful. So for. For the multiples, I am talking to Vico. There are few questions that I have basically technical setup challenges that we may face. So I'm trying to talk to them about that. For example, we have multiple warehouses with green rabbits too. So is it possible that we can fulfill different orders from different warehouses if we use Vico, things like this? So I'm trying to get answers for those questions and then I'll talk to Asia about that. So if we can switch to Vico, it can be a profitable, profitable still. The margin will be slimmer compared to the winter months, but still workable in the USA and in Canada. What we have been doing so far, yes, the margins are very slim after the price increases and to account for the extra shipping cost. And in Canada, it's much more workable compared to the usa. It. That's. That's what how we have been seeing for the last few years.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. And if we cannot really switch to Vico, I don't think we should be selling the multiple products in the USA for the summer months.

Speaker A: Okay. And you said we would lose about 300,000 off of our forecast.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay. All right. I'm okay with that. So please explore then if we can. If we can't, let's take it out of our forecast and let Patricia know as well.

Speaker B: So, Zela, we have some time. If you want, we can look at the email that I sent you with data up to January. Would you like to do that or would you like me to just send you the revised data with, you know, latest data from February as well?

Speaker A: I think we talked about data up to January. Okay, yeah, we, we covered that one off. I did see one thing that kind of concerned me that Amazon is starting to use AI to review all the supplements and to flag all the products that need to get tested. So I know that might create potentially issues for us on slim, quick items. So any thoughts on that one or how we should be handling it?

Speaker B: Well, I will not do anything proactively. So I will let Amazon flag it first. First and then they give us generally how it happens is even they, even if they flag it, they give some time, maybe one and a half months, two months. So that should be sufficient for us to deal with the situation. I don't think we should do anything proactively.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, that's fine.

Speaker B: All right. So is there something.

Speaker A: I think since we have like six more minutes, we could start with the tech talk shop. Is there anything specific you want to highlight?

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. Well, so first of all, Zilke, I wanted to talk about the four different pillars here. The foundation is really important. If we really want to. Even if, if we want to talk about profitability, let's say we want to, we need to select the product. Product offer that will be profitable in the long run. Beverages, there's no way to be profitable. So for that is why I was asking you about the drink mix powders, for example. So let me just go to the first one. We had two products in mind, right? One, we have been continuing the hydrogen drink mix and another one is vanilla. I don't think it will be profitable in any way. If you want to consider it as an investment, that's another thing. But if we talk about hydration drink mix, then a few things that I want to talk about is first of all, the pricing. What will be the pricing strategy? Listing optimization, social proof. These are the few things that I want to talk about. And this page, for example, is about the listing optimization. The main image. There are some best practices that I have explored in the food and beverage category. So I have some suggestions ready. But you have to. We cannot think in the way we have been thinking about. Amazon is different. So we can explore those best practices and then work on the main image and also the product page copy. And at the same time, what I think is when you reach out to affiliates, we cannot just send them samples and let them do however they want to do, however they want to create the videos. We should probably give them some lines that will align with our positioning, that will align with our key messaging. And about the pricing, I'm just trying to cover everything very quickly. On TikTok it's not, they are not as strict as Amazon. So we can, let's say the drink mix, we want to sell that at 20 but on TikTok we can probably price it at $30 and then always keep it at let's say $20 saying that we are running 30% discount or 33% discount all the time. And that's, that's about the, that's about the fundamental. And there are a few more things. Again the main image, the pricing strategy, secondary image, social group, this is what we need to set up first. And then coming to content marketing and affiliate content and affiliate marketing. Is there anything that you want to talk about the first part by the way, the pricing and the price?

Speaker A: I think that, I mean you kind of know the players, you know that if you need images and stuff, Elena's the person to go to. Yes, I think that when it comes to guidelines we should definitely, you know, tell them like this is about the product, like main things to talk about. It helps you with focus. It has electrolytes and vitamin B complex, like that's pretty much it. But then I think that where we should let content creators, I mean we're not going to tell them what type of content to create because they're the experts in that. Right. Like they obviously have better knowledge of that than we do.

Speaker B: I will disagree with that because there are so many tick tock content creators, especially the ones we are going to reach out to, they don't have many. TikTok probably have, has restricted us from reaching out to influencers who has more than 20,000 followers at this point.

Speaker A: So I think I want somebody who's between like a thousand to like 10,000 followers. We don't want anybody big.

Speaker B: Okay, but still I don't think they have that much knowledge and experience. If they had, they would probably not see that thousand followers you have. Probably if you also look at some of the contents that they have created so far, you will probably agree that it's not. Everything's not of quality.

Speaker A: Yeah, Okay,

Speaker B: I know they will still probably not listen but what you can say is hey, look at this video. This is crushing it. So can you create something on this similar to this one? We can give them some inspiration.

Speaker A: Okay, yeah, that's fine.

Speaker B: Now that's the foundation. I think that the reason I was talking about the key messaging part we need to implement that with the product page as well as if we can give them some guideline that this is the kind of content that is doing great. Can I do something similar? It will align, everything will align out with, with the messaging that we want to spread out there. Now once that base is set up then content marketing or affiliate marketing is the is is the primary thing when it comes to. It's not ads, it's content marketing and also live sale. Two things. Now for content marketing we need to really, when you're getting started, we need to really pump out as many content as possible. And that because the reason is it will start snowballing, it will have that effect. And I think the chances of one or two videos going viral out of let's say 300 videos is more than just posting 50 pieces of content and expecting one or two videos going. So that is also another thing. So these are a few things that I have mentioned. I again this is something on the same line that I just mentioned before. We can probably give them some idea about what the core messaging should be, some examples of what kind of videos are doing great. We can even refer to some computer videos in the same space space. And also it should have certain elements, for example, a good call to action that would sell. And I think instead of just collaborating with the influencers for one video, if we can somehow encourage them, hey, instead of posting just one video, if you post three videos within two weeks you have more chances of making money. Something like that. If we can encourage them to do that, and this is something I know you probably agree with, but I have seen people selectively do it. If we have seen some influencers, some very select influencers doing good quality content, then we can also to keep them encouraged from posting videos regularly, we can also incentivize them. That's another idea. Now last time I mentioned this, you mentioned, well, if they know how to make money from their videos, why would they feel that 20 or $30 per video is valuable for them? It's not enough. Right. The reason is I think if we see some creators producing quality content and we see some indication that it's getting more impressions than the other videos or it's getting more click through rate than the other videos, then we can probably, we will probably benefit if we, if they post same kind of videos more often, which is why I have kept it here. It's optional if it seems reasonable. Yeah, yeah. And yeah, so another thing that I mentioned, we reach out to so many different, so many influencers. I think it was almost 2,000 affiliates every week. Now, a fraction, only a fraction of those affiliates who convert in terms of requesting samples and then another fraction of those who accepted our invite actually post content. So we have to see, we have to build a follow up cadence. We have to build a sop around how we can increase that conversion rate. What I mean by that is number of videos posted versus the number of samples sent. How can you optimize for that? So all of these are great. Yeah, yeah. All of these are part of the affiliate marketing and content marketing plan for TikTok. Now before I go into GMB Max, I want to talk about live selling. I remember.

Speaker A: Sorry, I do have a hard stop. I just noticed we're over time. But I will read through this and then maybe we could talk about it next in our next meeting.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Thank you.

Speaker A: Okay, well, thank you. And keep me posted if you need anything.

Speaker B: I will. And I'll send you all the things. Yeah. Bye now.

Speaker A: Beautiful. Thank you. Bye.

Speaker B: Bye. Have a nice day.

