Transcript for: Recording__684.mp4
Title: Recording #684
============================================================

Last call. But then I have all those saved on the cloud, so I don't need to keep it on my computer. Fair enough. Yeah. Okay, so you read the first line, Right? First couple. Okay. I don't know which ones you read again. I'm so sorry. Yeah, so a couple. Just the first two. First two. The. The first two lines. Okay, so I'll start from Risk. Risk. Fit. Window. In. Fix. Pig. Pretty. Huh. So careful with that one instead of a pretty. It's pretty, pretty. Yeah. Fist. Pin. Tin. Women. Okay. Sick. Win. Dinner. Bin. Give. Okay. Yeah. Were you able to tell as you're reading, what is your tongue naturally trying to do? Oh, no, I didn't even notice. So let me do that. Let me read the last line. Win. Dinner. Been. Give. Pain. I think it's. I'm not arcing the tongue in the back. I think I'm doing more from the. From the tip of the tongue or. Yeah, I think that's what I'm doing there. Yeah. So where is the tip of your tongue as you read? Win. We. How do I break it down? So is the tip of your tongue touching anything? Oh, my. Okay. Okay. Can you please pronounce this? I just. I. Does the I sound okay? Just like, isolated myself? Yes, sure. A. It's kind. Okay, I see. It's similar to the e sound short, so eh. And then e would be eh. Eh. Eh. Oh, my God. Okay, so let me try. Pain. Pain. 10. Oh, my. It's difficult to understand. Wean. How do I stop there and drag the sound so that I can understand where my tongue is? Yeah. So one way that is helpful is, of course, if you say one word, you can't really tell. Oh, this is where my tongue was for that particular sound. It could be difficult or. But if you say a few different words, like hit live gig with pitch list, video fish, you could tell. Okay. Every single word. At some point, the tongue went up in the back of my mouth or went forward every word. It did the same thing at some point. That's what I know I'm doing for this sound. Got it. Okay. All right, so let me try again. Try reading the last two lines, maybe. Sure. And it might be helpful to just pay attention to one part at a time. So maybe instead of paying attention, do I arc in the middle or the back Sometimes, like I said, it could be easier to tell with the front. So where is the tip of your tongue as you're reading these words? First, Pin. Thin. Sick. It's in the front. I mean, the tip of the tongue Is not going backward. Is it touching anything? No, I think. No, it. It is not for the eye. I don't think so. Dinner. The. The. I think it's probably touching the upper palette a little bit. The tip of the tongue. Dinner, Win. But he didn't touch it for the word win. Dinner. It did. Probably because of the word letter D. Win. Bin. No. So the upper palate is the back of the mouth. If it's touching up here, that's the alveolar ridge. I'm so sorry. Okay, so the al. It's all good. I just thought for a second what kind of gymnastics are going on. Yeah, so you said it was touching the alveolar ridge. You think for just the word dinner, but not for win. Not for pin. Not for teen. For tea. Yes. Tina, not. Oh, God. Sorry. No, it's not good. So that's probably the T and the D talking, not the actual ice. Yeah, yeah, I think so. Yeah. So even with those words, if you slow it down like dinner. No, I don't think so. Then it's moving down. It's not touching the ovular region. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So is it touching anything? No, I don't think so. All right, perfect. And as you could see the diagram, it's not really supposed to. So all good there. You said it didn't move back at all. How would I observe if I'm doing it or not? Let me pronounce some more the last Two lines again. Pain, 10. I'm not going to do the women thing, but, I mean, because that's a new thing for me. Sick. No, I don't think so. All right, fair enough. So next step would be if you're lifting it in the middle of your mouth, you know the second method? Okay. Chances are with the middle of your tongue, you can feel the teeth at the top of your mouth. If you lift in the back, you won't feel your teeth. If you lift in the middle, you will feel the teeth with the middle of your tongue. So now kind of figuring out the tip of your tongue isn't touching anything. Good. Which method do you use basically? Which part of the tongue are you lifting? Which part of the tongue do you feel your teeth on? Okay, so you mean if I arc it in the middle, then I'll feel the teeth with my tongue? Yes. And what if I lift in the back? How will I know that if you lift in the middle, you're going to feel pretty clearly the molars, the top molars on your tongue, or at least your tongue being close if you lift in the middle, one thing is you might not lift as much. Or, or your jaw might be too open. It will be near the molars, but not quite touching. If you lift in the back, you probably won't feel molars at all, except possibly at the very, very back of your tongue. So it's kind of asking yourself, okay, which part of my tongue is near the top of my mouth? Okay, let's do that. Let's try reading the last two lines again. Or read the first two. First two, Whichever. Random two lines you. Yeah, yeah. Hit live gig with page list video. Fish. Let me try again. Hit leave gig with pitch list video. I think it's the middle kinda. Yeah, yeah. And it, it does sound a little bit like you're lifting it a bit much. So in the middle. That would definitely explain why. Sure I and sure E sometimes get mixed up like it was saying in the second part. Sometimes they get mixed. When did it say that happened? If you go back to the description, it says sometimes the second method, lifting in the middle. Sometimes the second method can get confused with other sounds. When would it get confused with short E? When it's slightly towards the middle? Yes, it says in the description, when specifically it gets confused with short E. So for example, it's going through. It's like if it's lifted and tense, it sounds like Latin I. If it does this, it sounds like long E. So when is short E? If the tongue is lifted too much, it will sound like shorty. But even for shorty, we are not lifting it that much, are we? We are not. Yeah, this one is. Both of them are very, very light, lazy sounds. So that's why it's so common to confuse them and to mix them up even with other sounds. For example, long E, which we will talk about. Right. So do they mean that for short you are not lifting that much? So for short I we're not lifting even that much. Even less than short E. Yes, yes. They're both, they're both very, very short. Short I. You would also put more in the front, whereas short E is completely in the middle. So like. You also drop your jaw more for the short E versus short I. Okay. Yeah. So there's quite a few things I think now that we know your method, we know a bit about why your method is confusing. We're going to specifically focus on short E versus short I. If you see in your shared with you materials, I actually shared sure E versus Sure I with you. And where is that? That would be. So we have short Vowels, long vowels, vowel exceptions, and then vowel comparisons. Or did you send it to me on Skype? No, this is an Accent Advisor thing. So the shared with you section. Share. Yep. If I shared it with you, it's Accent Advisor. If I sent it, it's on Skype. I don't know where it is on Accent Advisor. Can you walk me through? Yeah, sure. So you know the part where you could see like all the short vowels. Yes. Scroll down. You could see the section for long vowels. Right? Long vowels. Yes. And then after long vowels, vowel exceptions. And then right under there, val comparison. Yeah, I see that. Yeah. So you'll see short E versus short I. Yes. So this is the sheet we're going over next time we're going to go over some minimal pairs and try to figure out exactly what is going on there. Okay. Another thing you can do if you know. In the meantime, one thing that can be helpful, if the short eye lifting in the middle can be confusing, you know, you're mixing up with other sounds, things like that, you can try converting it to the first method, totally optional. Some people like it. They're like, oh, I'll just get rid of these obstacles. Some people say it's harder to learn the new method. Totally up with you. I definitely suggest testing it out, giving it a shot. And then next class we can talk more about if you want to try that more. Yeah. So real quick, we're going to go over the first method a little bit. Next class we're going to figure out, are you sticking with the one you got, try the new one and how to polish it out, depending on what you pick. Okay. So the first method, it gave a speed specific practice for that. So what are we doing with the first method? You mean talking about the tactics? So it's for the tongue position. Yes. So what, what are we doing? Right. With our first method, we are arcing the tongue in the back. That's the only difference. Major difference. Yeah. Which can be easier because that it's not confused with other sounds. But it is more difficult sometimes to raise the back of the tongue. So give and take. It gave a specific practice for trying out this sound in the description. What did it say to do? Let's see. Sure. In the description. By that I mean in the explanation. The first paragraph. The second paragraph. Okay, well, the. Let's see. Actually, do you mind if I read it again? Go ahead. Okay. The first method involves arcing the back of the tongue at the opening of the throat. The jaw, cheeks, lips, remain relaxed. You can produce the Sound artificially. Okay. By pulling your chin down and pulling. Putting your chin down and pulling your head back to squeeze the throat as you push out your voice from your throat. Okay. So, yeah, basically what this is saying is since we're blocking the air at a certain way, if you put your throat down, you literally just put your chin to your chest as much as you can, and then you let out literally any type of air. I know. It makes it easier because your throat is already blocking the air here as you fold. And then you can go. Okay. And then slowly raising it so you're keeping that same air blockage with your tongue now. So. Chin down and then pulling your head back. What do you mean by pulling your head back? So you just put your chin down to your chest. Yeah. And it will naturally kind of lift. And then once you put your head back, so you slowly lift it up. Oh, okay. Oh, yeah. So as much as you can, chin to chest, and then let out just a short try to make the I sound there. No, it is. You made the sound. So put it down, slowly raise it, and try to keep the same sound. Oh, my God. Okay, a little slower so it's smaller in several. So. That way you could slowly feel. Okay, my throat isn't blocking the sound anymore. I have to do it with my tongue now. So your tongue naturally steps in the slower you raise your chin. Got it. Okay, that's a new one. Do you want me to try that? Yes. It's going to feel weird, and you're going to wonder what the heck is going on, but go ahead. I think the sound is different. When I was here, it was much more restricted from my throat. Right. It probably means that your tongue isn't going up as much and restricting the air as much as you did when your kid was here, which is to be expected the first time you do this. Got it. You're still making the sound when your chin is fully up, though, which means that you're doing something right. Okay. Yeah. So I want you to do it one more time. Chin down to chest. Slowly raise. By the way, would you also want me to try to arc in the back, the tongue? Like, really put some effort to do that. Yes. So the. The point of this is that your tongue is naturally in the back when your chin is down. You could feel it that your tongue naturally goes up in the back. You want to try to keep that feel. Keep that position even as you're lifting your. Got it? Yeah. So how was that this time? It was good. So it's still the same sound. So some people tend to go from. To eh or just same sound. So good there. Were you able to keep it in the back? I don't know. Honestly, I. Yeah, no, I didn't couldn't observe that. I was just trying to maintain. What I was focusing on is the sound itself rather than the tongue position. But that's probably not something I should have done. I was just focusing on keeping the sound the same. Yeah. So if you're trying to keep the sound the same, your brain is going to naturally kick in with. Here's what I've done before. So with this particular method, I would suggest trying to make sure that you keep your tongue up in the back to keep this sound. It's going to maybe sound weird at first. Maybe the tongue is going to be a little bit off. So your brain is going to tell you you're doing it wrong. But the whole point of this exercise is trying to explore the new way to do it, which you won't do correctly right away. Yeah. So what I suggest is kind of the practice we did where you read some words. If you go to short I practice sheet, you're going to see a lot of words that start with short I. Sometimes it's easier to tell how you make the sound when it's at the beginning of a word. And then do the this method again and try to compare. Okay. With this one, I'm lifting in the back. How different is that? How different do the two methods feel? If that makes sense? Yeah, sure. And do you want me to settle with one of them? Eventually, Depending on how I do with two of those, I want you to explore which one feels more comfortable. So it's going to feel weird doing this method.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Last call. But then I have all those saved on the cloud, so I don't need to keep it on my computer.

Speaker B: Fair enough.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, so you read the first line, Right?

Speaker B: First couple.

Speaker A: Okay. I don't know which ones you read again. I'm so sorry.

Speaker B: Yeah, so a couple. Just the first two.

Speaker A: First two. The. The first two lines. Okay, so I'll start from Risk. Risk. Fit. Window. In. Fix. Pig. Pretty. Huh.

Speaker B: So careful with that one instead of a pretty. It's pretty, pretty.

Speaker A: Yeah. Fist. Pin. Tin. Women. Okay. Sick. Win. Dinner. Bin. Give. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker B: Were you able to tell as you're reading, what is your tongue naturally trying to do?

Speaker A: Oh, no, I didn't even notice. So let me do that. Let me read the last line. Win. Dinner. Been. Give. Pain. I think it's. I'm not arcing the tongue in the back. I think I'm doing more from the. From the tip of the tongue or. Yeah, I think that's what I'm doing there.

Speaker B: Yeah. So where is the tip of your tongue as you read?

Speaker A: Win. We. How do I break it down?

Speaker B: So is the tip of your tongue touching anything?

Speaker A: Oh, my. Okay. Okay. Can you please pronounce this? I just. I. Does the I sound okay?

Speaker B: Just like, isolated myself? Yes, sure.

Speaker A: A. It's kind. Okay, I see. It's similar to the e sound short, so eh.

Speaker B: And then e would be eh.

Speaker A: Eh. Eh. Oh, my God. Okay, so let me try. Pain. Pain. 10. Oh, my. It's difficult to understand. Wean. How do I stop there and drag the sound so that I can understand where my tongue is?

Speaker B: Yeah. So one way that is helpful is, of course, if you say one word, you can't really tell. Oh, this is where my tongue was for that particular sound. It could be difficult or. But if you say a few different words, like hit live gig with pitch list, video fish, you could tell. Okay. Every single word. At some point, the tongue went up in the back of my mouth or went forward every word. It did the same thing at some point. That's what I know I'm doing for this sound.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay. All right, so let me try again. Try reading the last two lines, maybe.

Speaker B: Sure. And it might be helpful to just pay attention to one part at a time. So maybe instead of paying attention, do I arc in the middle or the back Sometimes, like I said, it could be easier to tell with the front. So where is the tip of your tongue as you're reading these words?

Speaker A: First, Pin. Thin. Sick. It's in the front. I mean, the tip of the tongue Is not going backward.

Speaker B: Is it touching anything?

Speaker A: No, I think. No, it. It is not for the eye. I don't think so. Dinner. The. The. I think it's probably touching the upper palette a little bit. The tip of the tongue. Dinner, Win. But he didn't touch it for the word win. Dinner. It did. Probably because of the word letter D. Win. Bin. No.

Speaker B: So the upper palate is the back of the mouth. If it's touching up here, that's the alveolar ridge.

Speaker A: I'm so sorry. Okay, so the al.

Speaker B: It's all good. I just thought for a second what kind of gymnastics are going on. Yeah, so you said it was touching the alveolar ridge.

Speaker A: You think for just the word dinner, but not for win. Not for pin. Not for teen. For tea. Yes. Tina, not. Oh, God. Sorry.

Speaker B: No, it's not good. So that's probably the T and the D talking, not the actual ice.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I think so.

Speaker B: Yeah. So even with those words, if you slow it down like dinner.

Speaker A: No, I don't think so. Then it's moving down. It's not touching the ovular region.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So is it touching anything?

Speaker A: No, I don't think so.

Speaker B: All right, perfect. And as you could see the diagram, it's not really supposed to. So all good there. You said it didn't move back at all.

Speaker A: How would I observe if I'm doing it or not? Let me pronounce some more the last Two lines again. Pain, 10. I'm not going to do the women thing, but, I mean, because that's a new thing for me. Sick. No, I don't think so.

Speaker B: All right, fair enough. So next step would be if you're lifting it in the middle of your mouth, you know the second method?

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Chances are with the middle of your tongue, you can feel the teeth at the top of your mouth. If you lift in the back, you won't feel your teeth. If you lift in the middle, you will feel the teeth with the middle of your tongue. So now kind of figuring out the tip of your tongue isn't touching anything. Good. Which method do you use basically? Which part of the tongue are you lifting? Which part of the tongue do you feel your teeth on?

Speaker A: Okay, so you mean if I arc it in the middle, then I'll feel the teeth with my tongue?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: And what if I lift in the back? How will I know that if you

Speaker B: lift in the middle, you're going to feel pretty clearly the molars, the top molars on your tongue, or at least your tongue being close if you lift in the middle, one thing is you might not lift as much. Or, or your jaw might be too open. It will be near the molars, but not quite touching. If you lift in the back, you probably won't feel molars at all, except possibly at the very, very back of your tongue. So it's kind of asking yourself, okay, which part of my tongue is near the top of my mouth?

Speaker A: Okay, let's do that. Let's try reading the last two lines again.

Speaker B: Or read the first two. First two, Whichever. Random two lines you.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Hit live gig with page list video. Fish. Let me try again. Hit leave gig with pitch list video. I think it's the middle kinda.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. And it, it does sound a little bit like you're lifting it a bit much. So in the middle. That would definitely explain why. Sure I and sure E sometimes get mixed up like it was saying in the second part. Sometimes they get mixed. When did it say that happened? If you go back to the description, it says sometimes the second method, lifting in the middle. Sometimes the second method can get confused with other sounds. When would it get confused with short E?

Speaker A: When it's slightly towards the middle?

Speaker B: Yes, it says in the description, when specifically it gets confused with short E. So for example, it's going through. It's like if it's lifted and tense, it sounds like Latin I. If it does this, it sounds like long E. So when is short E?

Speaker A: If the tongue is lifted too much, it will sound like shorty. But even for shorty, we are not lifting it that much, are we?

Speaker B: We are not. Yeah, this one is. Both of them are very, very light, lazy sounds. So that's why it's so common to confuse them and to mix them up even with other sounds. For example, long E, which we will talk about.

Speaker A: Right. So do they mean that for short you are not lifting that much? So for short I we're not lifting even that much. Even less than short E. Yes, yes.

Speaker B: They're both, they're both very, very short. Short I. You would also put more in the front, whereas short E is completely in the middle. So like. You also drop your jaw more for the short E versus short I.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. So there's quite a few things I think now that we know your method, we know a bit about why your method is confusing. We're going to specifically focus on short E versus short I. If you see in your shared with you materials, I actually shared sure E versus Sure I with you.

Speaker A: And where is that?

Speaker B: That would be. So we have short Vowels, long vowels, vowel exceptions, and then vowel comparisons.

Speaker A: Or did you send it to me on Skype?

Speaker B: No, this is an Accent Advisor thing. So the shared with you section.

Speaker A: Share.

Speaker B: Yep. If I shared it with you, it's Accent Advisor. If I sent it, it's on Skype.

Speaker A: I don't know where it is on Accent Advisor. Can you walk me through?

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. So you know the part where you could see like all the short vowels.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Scroll down. You could see the section for long vowels. Right?

Speaker A: Long vowels. Yes.

Speaker B: And then after long vowels, vowel exceptions. And then right under there, val comparison.

Speaker A: Yeah, I see that. Yeah.

Speaker B: So you'll see short E versus short I. Yes. So this is the sheet we're going over next time we're going to go over some minimal pairs and try to figure out exactly what is going on there.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Another thing you can do if you know. In the meantime, one thing that can be helpful, if the short eye lifting in the middle can be confusing, you know, you're mixing up with other sounds, things like that, you can try converting it to the first method, totally optional. Some people like it. They're like, oh, I'll just get rid of these obstacles. Some people say it's harder to learn the new method. Totally up with you. I definitely suggest testing it out, giving it a shot. And then next class we can talk more about if you want to try that more.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So real quick, we're going to go over the first method a little bit. Next class we're going to figure out, are you sticking with the one you got, try the new one and how to polish it out, depending on what you pick. Okay. So the first method, it gave a speed specific practice for that. So what are we doing with the first method?

Speaker A: You mean talking about the tactics? So it's for the tongue position.

Speaker B: Yes. So what, what are we doing?

Speaker A: Right. With our first method, we are arcing the tongue in the back. That's the only difference. Major difference.

Speaker B: Yeah. Which can be easier because that it's not confused with other sounds. But it is more difficult sometimes to raise the back of the tongue. So give and take. It gave a specific practice for trying out this sound in the description. What did it say to do?

Speaker A: Let's see. Sure. In the description. By that I mean in the explanation. The first paragraph. The second paragraph. Okay, well, the. Let's see. Actually, do you mind if I read it again?

Speaker B: Go ahead.

Speaker A: Okay. The first method involves arcing the back of the tongue at the opening of the throat. The jaw, cheeks, lips, remain relaxed. You can produce the Sound artificially. Okay. By pulling your chin down and pulling. Putting your chin down and pulling your head back to squeeze the throat as you push out your voice from your throat. Okay.

Speaker B: So, yeah, basically what this is saying is since we're blocking the air at a certain way, if you put your throat down, you literally just put your chin to your chest as much as you can, and then you let out literally any type of air. I know. It makes it easier because your throat is already blocking the air here as you fold. And then you can go.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And then slowly raising it so you're keeping that same air blockage with your tongue now. So.

Speaker A: Chin down and then pulling your head back. What do you mean by pulling your head back?

Speaker B: So you just put your chin down to your chest.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And it will naturally kind of lift. And then once you put your head back, so you slowly lift it up.

Speaker A: Oh, okay. Oh,

Speaker B: yeah. So as much as you can, chin to chest, and then let out just a short try to make the I sound there. No, it is. You made the sound. So put it down, slowly raise it, and try to keep the same sound.

Speaker A: Oh, my God.

Speaker B: Okay, a little slower so it's smaller in several. So. That way you could slowly feel. Okay, my throat isn't blocking the sound anymore. I have to do it with my tongue now. So your tongue naturally steps in the slower you raise your chin.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay, that's a new one. Do you want me to try that?

Speaker B: Yes. It's going to feel weird, and you're going to wonder what the heck is going on, but go ahead.

Speaker A: I think the sound is different. When I was here, it was much more restricted from my throat. Right.

Speaker B: It probably means that your tongue isn't going up as much and restricting the air as much as you did when your kid was here, which is to be expected the first time you do this.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: You're still making the sound when your chin is fully up, though, which means that you're doing something right.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. So I want you to do it one more time. Chin down to chest. Slowly raise.

Speaker A: By the way, would you also want me to try to arc in the back, the tongue? Like, really put some effort to do that.

Speaker B: Yes. So the. The point of this is that your tongue is naturally in the back when your chin is down. You could feel it that your tongue naturally goes up in the back. You want to try to keep that feel. Keep that position even as you're lifting your.

Speaker A: Got it? Yeah. So how was that this time?

Speaker B: It was good. So it's still the same sound. So some people tend to go from. To eh or just same sound. So good there. Were you able to keep it in the back?

Speaker A: I don't know. Honestly, I. Yeah, no, I didn't couldn't observe that. I was just trying to maintain. What I was focusing on is the sound itself rather than the tongue position. But that's probably not something I should have done. I was just focusing on keeping the sound the same.

Speaker B: Yeah. So if you're trying to keep the sound the same, your brain is going to naturally kick in with. Here's what I've done before. So with this particular method, I would suggest trying to make sure that you keep your tongue up in the back to keep this sound. It's going to maybe sound weird at first. Maybe the tongue is going to be a little bit off. So your brain is going to tell you you're doing it wrong. But the whole point of this exercise is trying to explore the new way to do it, which you won't do correctly right away.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So what I suggest is kind of the practice we did where you read some words. If you go to short I practice sheet, you're going to see a lot of words that start with short I. Sometimes it's easier to tell how you make the sound when it's at the beginning of a word. And then do the this method again and try to compare. Okay. With this one, I'm lifting in the back. How different is that? How different do the two methods feel? If that makes sense?

Speaker A: Yeah, sure. And do you want me to settle with one of them? Eventually, Depending on how I do with

Speaker B: two of those, I want you to explore which one feels more comfortable. So it's going to feel weird doing this method.

