Transcript for: Recording__964.mp4
Title: Recording #964
============================================================

For Monday or something. I don't know when they're working, but it's a follow up. We know we didn't get to it. A big part of what we talked about though is the multi packs. So there's kind of two things that we need to chat. So I want to take their Amazon SKUs from 10 down to, you know, whatever the much lower number is. They wanted to have like three or four multi packs and I'm like, no, no, no, no, no. Like the poor consumer Lovegood fats with six multi packs at one point. And Matt took it all the way down to one and the business took off. If you have too many multi packs, the poor consumer is wasting time trying to figure out which one she should buy. So I'll like, I'll. Once I have the proposition, but I think I'll put it in front of you because I don't think we should, you know, finalize an ecom SKU strategy without checking. So that's kind of connected to like the whole Amazon thing, right? Like which SKUs to offer and then, and then we'll kind of talk through like everything else. So we only talk through the SKUs. We didn't talk through, you know, the whole listing. But I did mention to them a couple times to just, you know, get an expert. Get my expert, you like Soham and, and, and you know, throw a couple thousand dollars to at least have someone look at it because we didn't talk through in detail. I, I don't think they have an, I'm not sure if they have an Amazon third party or if Britney's doing it. I don't know. Like, I'm not sure which one it is. Yeah, yeah, so hopefully, you know, hopefully you'll get that account at minimum, you know, a couple thousand dollars to look into it. You know, they're, they're, they said that they're really, really happy with their Amazon. They said they, they're getting like a five to seven roas. So. Did you see that? You looked at. Yeah, they're spending, so. Oh yeah, no, no, they have an agency. That's it. They have an agency. Here's how it works. They have. Okay, wait, my son's calling me. One second, one sec. They have an agency. I'll tell you how their fees work. Yep. Hey, so I'm. Yes. Were you able to hear. That was my son. No, I couldn't. Okay. Okay. Yeah, sorry, I didn't. Okay, wait. Sorry, my camera's not on. I didn't know if you could hear me. That's hilarious. Okay, so they do have an agency. So here's how it works. The agency charges 35% in fees of what they're spending. So right now their budget is 10,000 per month. So the agency gets 3,500 in their. As payment, and they spend 6,500. But with the 6,500, they're generating, like that 200,000. Right, like that 25,000amonth with 6,500 and spend. So they're really, really happy. So, yeah, so I found, like. Yeah, I found that out. So is there a way for you to check roas? No, I have to audit their data. I have to audit their data. Okay, wait, I lost you. One sec. Where. Okay, so now I lost your sound. One sec. Hello? Yeah, can you hear me? No, I can't hear you. Okay, sorry, I don't have to. I don't have the right glasses. One sec. So. Let me know if you can hear me. Now. I cannot hear you. I can't hear you, by the way. Oh, Hello? Hi, Suzy. Yes, I can hear you now. Yes, yes. Can you hear me okay? Yeah, I can. Okay. Okay, so. Okay, so is there any way for you to see the Roas? No, I have to. I have to get some of the reports from them. I can give you a list of reports that I need, and then I can check that out. Okay, well, like right now, what I'm trying to do is to get them to hire you, like, by listing out all the issues there are. Yes, to get them to hire you. Right, so. So. But they're pretty happy with, you know, spending 10,000amonth to get the 25,000. So that would be what you kind of have to beat. I mean, that's a lot of spend, to be honest. $10,000. I doubt whether that includes their fees. That includes their fees, yes. Yeah, I understand that. And are they managing everything, including ads and also account everything? Yeah, well, no, that's agency fees. Got it. I mean, and the agency is not improving their listing or helping their. Supposed to. Yeah, they're supposed to. They're supposed to do, like, everything. It's supposed to be all in. So I. So the way it is is the total Spanish, the total media, they get 35% of it. So she showed me on the report. So it looks like it was a 5 to 7 roas, which would be pretty good if that includes the 35% too. Right. So I'm trying to. Like, I remember she showed. Okay, so let me look at my Dropbox and then we'll Have a proper meeting on Monday. Yes. And also I'll say this, Suzy, I wouldn't take an account if I cannot help them. So here's, you know, my process. I run a bunch of audits, I take a look at bunch of reports and based on that, I do my analysis. And if I think I can help and I'll make a list of things that I think I can improve, then I'm happy to work with them. That's how the process works for me. Right? Yeah. Okay, perfect. Okay, so that's good. Now new topic is for my hot chocolate and my cups and all that. Yeah. I haven't heard back from Matt. He's supposed to kind of give me an estimate. So as I like, I might get an estimate. I don't know, I'll kind of bug him today. What were you. So I think like I'm only gonna do Amazon Canada on three or four SKUs. The cups, the vitamins, the nibs, and the hot chocolate, I think. Does that make sense to you? And like, based on what you looked at, what forecast, like if you were running it, like, how many units should I get made? Well, I give you the number for hot chocolates, the protein hot chocolates, and you see the highest someone is doing is how many was that? 160 units a month. So yeah, I mean, it would be wrong to assume that we can even do that in the first month. First of all, that's how I would look at it. So definitely that was the highest, right? Like in Canada, that was the highest. Highest. That was the highest in protein hot chocolate. But if you just take a look at hot chocolate, of course it's a lot higher. Yeah. Okay, so I don't know, I'm thinking of ordering like a thousand units, like 900 Canadian and then gets a few sales samples for the US Like I want to print because it doesn't cost me much to print a bit of the film on the U.S. yeah. Okay. So. And then do you think there's a chance in the first three, four months that I at least break even between the ad spend and how much I sell or. That depends on whether the product is going to be successful. And also another thing is you're launching in the stores. Do you not think that will help us with some awareness people will get familiar with your product? If that happens, then it will be helpful even for online. Yeah. When I launched LeftGood fast, I mean, times were different, but because it was selling so, so well in the stores, like it took off online and vice versa and we had, like, an 11 to 17 roll ads for the longest. Like, for the first year, 2018. The whole year. Okay. Wow. Okay. Okay. So I just. I'm way behind. And then Julia was gonna help me with all the POs, and she really did nothing. Nothing, nothing for three weeks. Like, zero. Like, it's just been, like, really, really frustrating. So I'm, like, I'm not able to cut the POS today. Like, it's. I don't know, it's really hard to find good. Good people like that, you know, do, like, good work. What does Julia do for you? Well, she was supposed to do, like, Vanessa. Like, I'm getting a little bit exhausted explaining it, but because I've explained it to her five times. Like, she. She owns her own brand, and she's practical, right? So I thought, like, she's. She's an entrepreneur. She. Her other brand of yogurt, she sold a couple hundred thousand, and she's had it for five, six years. Now she's launching a second brand. Like, I thought she was more practical than Vanessa, right? Who's a high school grad from Venezuela, right? Like, she's. She's nice, but, like, that's not the caliber. And. And then I had this VP of ops who was. Was way too big picture, so I had him and Vanessa, and the two of them were clowns. Well, he was, like, a total idiot. So I kind of had Vanessa come in and say, like, do all the charts. Like, okay, we want to order one pallet of this, one pallet of that. How much vitamin D? How much vitamin C? How much whey protein? How many labels? How many jars? Who can sell us jars? Blah, blah, blah, right? Like, it's just called, like, operations, like, buying. It's just consumer packaged goods. 101. So I thought, like, five weeks ago, I said, like, I'll hire you, Julia, to just logic check. She has a chart. It has the formulas, it has how much we're gonna buy. And then you take the four, you know, suppliers, you email them. You're like, hey, I'm Julia, replacing Vanessa. Guess What? On Friday, December 19th, Susie's cutting POS. That's coming up soon. Hey, I want to check with you, right? Like, just face it. Last night she said, like, relentless. I kept asking, okay? And there was always excuses, excuses, excuses. She couldn't get in the file, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. And last night, she sent, like, stupid, like, email saying, oh, what's your. Your wire address or whatever? Like, dudette, you didn't even confirm the quantities. You didn't check that. There's formula mistakes. And, like, I just. Like before, I. I literally cut $30,000 of POS to vendors in the US and China. Check. That's it. So, anyway. Okay, so it's like, a little bit on the supply chain. Supply chain, Right. That's how you. Yeah, yeah. Do you know anyone? Like, the Love Good Fats guy was this Indian guy, lj, and his boss was Prashin. Prashin was, like, a director of supply chain at a food company. And then he hired lj, and then we scooped both of them. Lj, but the boss was really arrogant. Prashin was really arrogant. But LJ now works for Look Good Fats. Okay, so. Oh, actually, the. I wonder who does Look Good Fats. Amazon, actually. I think Marcus said she's happy with them. Wait a minute. So you. You don't operate that brand anymore? No. Oh, no, because Patrick bought it for a song, so. But Monica's managing it. Remind me to. Remind me to check with Monica if they need an Amazon person. But I'm pretty sure she said they're really happy with the recompense. Okay, but I'll check, but just remind me. Yeah. So anyway, so I'm very, very behind, and I'm very frustrated that, you know, don't say yes for five weeks and then. Well, you know, at the end of the day, I shouldn't be frustrated. She literally couldn't even get access to the files. And she's the type of person who uses excuses for things not getting done. And, like, I have zero tolerance for that. Right. Like, you're. You're just supposed to check the quotes. Like, you. She's had access to any. I don't even want to bother. Like, this is not a good use of time. I don't want to bother you with that. But the point is now I have to spend the next week. Like, I'm gonna go. Suzanne's gonna come over, and we're gonna go into it ourselves. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So. Okay. So what else do we have to talk about? Well. Well, I was interested in knowing. I see. That you were first of all talking about tjx and then Walmart and also. Yeah, So I wanted to understand the numbers, how the things work there, and also what launch strategies are there. I mean, how does it work there? That's what I wanted to understand a little bit. Yeah. Okay. They're all, like, different. So tjx, I was with the buyer last Friday, and T. Tgx, they want. You know, they don't care about Ecom. And they don't want you to spend any money on Ecom. They don't want you doing geotargeting. They don't want you doing ads. Nothing, nothing, nothing. All they want is the absolute lowest price you can get to them. They want that price and the. And then they put it in their store. Their store has this whole discovery thing. So if it does well, like, he would put us in. Like, he would order like 600. Put six per store in 100 stores, and if it does well, we get a bigger order next September. Huh. So that's tgx, but he's kind of gone missing on me, so I emailed him yesterday and said, hey, we're uploading the artwork. Like, let us know. So that's kind of tjx. Costco CA is different because Costco Ca, we would do Facebook ads that say, you know, that land on Costco ca. So Costco ca, we're going to do ads that say, you know, buy us, buy our hot chocolate. Buy our cups at Costco ca. Is it just online, or will you also sell in the store? Yeah, it's just online for now. But the idea is if you do well online, you get a listing in the store. So you get a 300,000. Okay. Mm. 300,000 in that sense. What? Like minimum 300. So Costco CA is like 2,000amonth. So I'm like, it's not a lot at all. Okay. Yeah, it's not a lot at all. But the. But if. But it's a gate. It's a gate. A gateway to retail. Retail would be a minimum of 300,000. Okay. When your SKU does well, it's like a million a month. Like a month when it does well. So it's a gateway. Right. So like, I'm listed now at Costco CA with the cups. I didn't get listed yet with the hot chocolate because, you know, I kind of stopped pushing everywhere. Right. I just put the brakes on. I don't have product made. Right. Yeah. And then I'm going to try to get listed at Sobeys because she kind of owes me listing because she, you know, I gave her a lot of money with my better chocolates. And I'm going to try to get listed at Sobeys and maybe even at Loblaw. So we'll see. All right. Okay. All right, Suzy, the way it works, like, the way. Like, the ideal way to build a brand is with Lovegood Fats, where the brand sells really, really well at retail. Then you list it kind of at the same time, you list it on Facebook, on Shopify and Amazon, and then people go and check your website on Shopify, but they want to buy on Amazon, right? People want to buy on Amazon, then they see you on Amazon, so there's a trust badge on Amazon, then they check your reviews, and then they buy you. So a little bit like our buddy William, right? Like, he. He has a website in vitamin.com, but I don't think he sells anything on his website. Like, he sells 100% on an Amazon. He sells zero in stores. But the brand he did before, this brand, so not, you know, the brand that he had a partner, and then they, you know, they had a breakup, and then he made money out of that. Yeah, that brand he also rolled out into stores. It was a brand of charcoal toothpaste, I think, or something. Like, it did really well because it was on trend. So when the brands do well, online retail wants to carry it. And if you do a good job on retail, then it's kind of how it takes off. Either the brand does really well on retail, and. And then it, like, Amazon rides that and then it gets multiplying. Or the brand is a TikTok brand or an Amazon brand, and it does really well, and then the retailer is like, hey, I want to list your brand, and then you're in both channels. So that's kind of like how, you know, brand building 101 is working now these days. Got it. Okay. So, yeah. All right. Okay. Yeah, that's good enough for now. All right. All right, Suzy, one more thing is now that for my agency, we have worked on the positioning and also prepared the peach deck. What's the next step? Well, now you kind of have to, like, you have to do your B2B cycle, which let me. I have a whole bunch of stuff to show you, but it's all the same. Like, there's literally, you know, thousands of consultants that are putting it online. So it's pretty hilarious. But it's all the same. Like, now you have to do top of the funnel all the way to bottom of the funnel. Top of the funnel all the way to bottom funnel. So now you need to start generating leads. So everything from, you know, and I know you don't have AI, but most of the consultants are recommending to automate, like, your. Your leads. So you generate leads with a little bit of ads. You automate the responses. You get, like, responses on your leads, and then you follow up, you give them a proposal, and ideally, like, do you know AI? Do you know ChatGPT, because all of that can get automated now. But, yes, I. I have been using ChatGPT with some of my things. Yeah, but you know how to automate the flows? No, I haven't done that. Yeah. Yeah. So now, like, why don't we have a session? Like, let's have a session. And I'm just gonna walk you through exactly what I'm talking about, and then you can decide whether you. And it's gonna be the same for me when I build my brand. And I'm looking like my website is giving. Getting built right now. Oh, actually, I think I have to pay. Like, I'm. This. This guy from. This guy from the LGBT group has gave me a really good price, and. And I'm gonna give him a chance on the first one. Oh, thank you for your connection. So, but what I'll do is I'll book half an hour. Let me just get it organized. Sure. I'll walk you through the sales funnel, and it's essentially, I'll show you, like, we'll brainstorm together. But there's going to be, like, two scenarios. One is we automate it, or two is we do it manual. But the theory is the same. You start at the top of the funnel and you have an outreach, and you're like, hey, I exist. I'm, you know, like, cpg, Amazon, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. And. And it's ongoing exercise. And then you get. As soon as you get leads, boom, you have to automate your response. Okay. So now you have an automated response. Then they fill out a form, probably, and then, boom, you have an automated response to give them a quote. Right. And then, boom, there's an automated. You get a meeting booked. There's a whole science. It's like B2B. There's like an entire industry. Like, it's very. It's different than CPG. Like, it's a B2B industry, but very interesting. Yeah. So we have to talk about the funnel, basically. Yeah. But for you and for me, right? Yes. I'm. I'm. Right now, I have a contract with farmers. But the reason I'm doing my website is I want to be, you know, Susie CMO4P Susie. So I, you know, I'm gonna want to do the same thing you're doing. The difference is, you know, I do speaking engagements. I'll have my website. I'll have a website also. And the difference is I want to do a little bit of speaking also. But you and I are going to be very similar. I'm going to look for contracts. Like, right now, I'm crazy, crazy busy because I. I got money to launch my chocolates. Yeah, the money's getting deposited today, and I have one big contract. Right. Yeah. We're in the same business together, so we can learn together. Sure. We want to do the AI and font. We can do them together. Sure, we can do that. Yeah. Yeah. So let me find you, like, the best example. We'll jump on a call maybe on the weekend. Sure. We'll go through the example together. Okay, we can do that. And by the way, for supply chain, I have a friend at neutralab. I used to work there. Not sure if you will have the time, but I will ask and see if he can help if you are interested. Yeah, but probably he is very busy with some of the things. But I'll ask. Yeah. All right, Susie, thank you so much. Okay, talk soon. Bye. I'll text you a little bit later. Yes, yes. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: For Monday or something. I don't know when they're working, but it's a follow up. We know we didn't get to it. A big part of what we talked about though is the multi packs. So there's kind of two things that we need to chat. So I want to take their Amazon SKUs from 10 down to, you know, whatever the much lower number is. They wanted to have like three or four multi packs and I'm like, no, no, no, no, no. Like the poor consumer Lovegood fats with six multi packs at one point. And Matt took it all the way down to one and the business took off. If you have too many multi packs, the poor consumer is wasting time trying to figure out which one she should buy. So I'll like, I'll. Once I have the proposition, but I think I'll put it in front of you because I don't think we should, you know, finalize an ecom SKU strategy without checking. So that's kind of connected to like the whole Amazon thing, right? Like which SKUs to offer and then, and then we'll kind of talk through like everything else. So we only talk through the SKUs. We didn't talk through, you know, the whole listing. But I did mention to them a couple times to just, you know, get an expert. Get my expert, you like Soham and, and, and you know, throw a couple thousand dollars to at least have someone look at it because we didn't talk through in detail. I, I don't think they have an, I'm not sure if they have an Amazon third party or if Britney's doing it.

Speaker B: I don't know.

Speaker A: Like, I'm not sure which one it is. Yeah, yeah, so hopefully, you know, hopefully

Speaker B: you'll get that account at minimum, you

Speaker A: know, a couple thousand dollars to look into it. You know, they're, they're, they said that they're really, really happy with their Amazon. They said they, they're getting like a

Speaker B: five to seven roas.

Speaker A: So. Did you see that?

Speaker B: You looked at.

Speaker A: Yeah, they're spending, so. Oh yeah, no, no, they have an agency.

Speaker B: That's it.

Speaker A: They have an agency. Here's how it works. They have. Okay, wait, my son's calling me. One second, one sec. They have an agency. I'll tell you how their fees work. Yep. Hey, so I'm.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: Were you able to hear. That was my son.

Speaker C: No, I couldn't.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Yeah, sorry, I didn't. Okay, wait. Sorry, my camera's not on. I didn't know if you could hear me. That's hilarious. Okay, so they do have an agency. So here's how it works. The agency charges 35% in fees of what they're spending. So right now their budget is 10,000 per month. So the agency gets 3,500 in their. As payment, and they spend 6,500. But with the 6,500, they're generating, like that 200,000. Right, like that 25,000amonth with 6,500 and spend. So they're really, really happy. So, yeah, so I found, like. Yeah, I found that out. So is there a way for you to check roas?

Speaker C: No, I have to audit their data. I have to audit their data.

Speaker A: Okay, wait, I lost you. One sec.

Speaker B: Where.

Speaker A: Okay, so now I lost your sound. One sec.

Speaker B: Hello?

Speaker C: Yeah, can you hear me?

Speaker A: No, I can't hear you. Okay, sorry, I don't have to. I don't have the right glasses. One sec. So.

Speaker C: Let me know if you can hear me. Now. I cannot hear you. I can't hear you, by the way.

Speaker B: Oh,

Speaker C: Hello? Hi, Suzy. Yes, I can hear you now. Yes, yes. Can you hear me okay?

Speaker B: Yeah, I can. Okay.

Speaker C: Okay, so.

Speaker B: Okay, so is there any way for you to see the Roas?

Speaker C: No, I have to. I have to get some of the reports from them. I can give you a list of reports that I need, and then I can check that out.

Speaker B: Okay, well, like right now, what I'm trying to do is to get them to hire you, like, by listing out all the issues there are. Yes, to get them to hire you. Right, so. So. But they're pretty happy with, you know, spending 10,000amonth to get the 25,000. So that would be what you kind of have to beat.

Speaker C: I mean, that's a lot of spend, to be honest. $10,000. I doubt whether that includes their fees.

Speaker B: That includes their fees, yes.

Speaker C: Yeah, I understand that. And are they managing everything, including ads and also account everything?

Speaker B: Yeah, well, no, that's agency fees.

Speaker C: Got it. I mean, and the agency is not improving their listing or helping their.

Speaker B: Supposed to. Yeah, they're supposed to. They're supposed to do, like, everything. It's supposed to be all in. So I. So the way it is is the total Spanish, the total media, they get 35% of it. So she showed me on the report. So it looks like it was a 5 to 7 roas, which would be pretty good if that includes the 35% too. Right. So I'm trying to. Like, I remember she showed. Okay, so let me look at my Dropbox and then we'll Have a proper meeting on Monday.

Speaker C: Yes. And also I'll say this, Suzy, I wouldn't take an account if I cannot help them. So here's, you know, my process. I run a bunch of audits, I take a look at bunch of reports and based on that, I do my analysis. And if I think I can help and I'll make a list of things that I think I can improve, then I'm happy to work with them. That's how the process works for me. Right?

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, perfect. Okay, so that's good. Now new topic is for my hot chocolate and my cups and all that. Yeah. I haven't heard back from Matt. He's supposed to kind of give me an estimate. So as I like, I might get an estimate. I don't know, I'll kind of bug him today. What were you. So I think like I'm only gonna do Amazon Canada on three or four SKUs. The cups, the vitamins, the nibs, and the hot chocolate, I think. Does that make sense to you? And like, based on what you looked at, what forecast, like if you were running it, like, how many units should I get made?

Speaker C: Well, I give you the number for hot chocolates, the protein hot chocolates, and you see the highest someone is doing is how many was that? 160 units a month. So yeah, I mean, it would be wrong to assume that we can even do that in the first month. First of all, that's how I would look at it.

Speaker B: So definitely that was the highest, right? Like in Canada, that was the highest. Highest.

Speaker C: That was the highest in protein hot chocolate. But if you just take a look at hot chocolate, of course it's a lot higher.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, so I don't know, I'm thinking of ordering like a thousand units, like 900 Canadian and then gets a few sales samples for the US Like I want to print because it doesn't cost me much to print a bit of the film on the U.S. yeah. Okay. So. And then do you think there's a chance in the first three, four months that I at least break even between the ad spend and how much I sell or.

Speaker C: That depends on whether the product is going to be successful. And also another thing is you're launching in the stores. Do you not think that will help us with some awareness people will get familiar with your product? If that happens, then it will be helpful even for online.

Speaker B: Yeah. When I launched LeftGood fast, I mean, times were different, but because it was selling so, so well in the stores, like it took off online and vice versa and we had, like, an 11 to 17 roll ads for the longest. Like, for the first year, 2018. The whole year. Okay.

Speaker C: Wow.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. So I just. I'm way behind. And then Julia was gonna help me with all the POs, and she really did nothing. Nothing, nothing for three weeks. Like, zero. Like, it's just been, like, really, really frustrating. So I'm, like, I'm not able to cut the POS today. Like, it's. I don't know, it's really hard to find good. Good people like that, you know, do, like, good work.

Speaker C: What does Julia do for you?

Speaker B: Well, she was supposed to do, like, Vanessa. Like, I'm getting a little bit exhausted explaining it, but because I've explained it to her five times. Like, she. She owns her own brand, and she's practical, right? So I thought, like, she's. She's an entrepreneur. She. Her other brand of yogurt, she sold a couple hundred thousand, and she's had it for five, six years. Now she's launching a second brand. Like, I thought she was more practical than Vanessa, right? Who's a high school grad from Venezuela, right? Like, she's. She's nice, but, like, that's not the caliber. And. And then I had this VP of ops who was. Was way too big picture, so I had him and Vanessa, and the two of them were clowns. Well, he was, like, a total idiot. So I kind of had Vanessa come in and say, like, do all the charts. Like, okay, we want to order one pallet of this, one pallet of that. How much vitamin D? How much vitamin C? How much whey protein? How many labels? How many jars? Who can sell us jars? Blah, blah, blah, right? Like, it's just called, like, operations, like, buying. It's just consumer packaged goods. 101. So I thought, like, five weeks ago, I said, like, I'll hire you, Julia, to just logic check. She has a chart. It has the formulas, it has how much we're gonna buy. And then you take the four, you know, suppliers, you email them. You're like, hey, I'm Julia, replacing Vanessa. Guess What? On Friday, December 19th, Susie's cutting POS. That's coming up soon. Hey, I want to check with you, right? Like, just face it. Last night she said, like, relentless. I kept asking, okay? And there was always excuses, excuses, excuses. She couldn't get in the file, blah, blah, blah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: And last night, she sent, like, stupid, like, email saying, oh, what's your. Your wire address or whatever? Like, dudette, you didn't even confirm the quantities. You didn't check that. There's formula mistakes. And, like, I just. Like before, I. I literally cut $30,000 of POS to vendors in the US and China. Check. That's it. So, anyway.

Speaker C: Okay, so it's like, a little bit on the supply chain. Supply chain, Right. That's how you.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Do you know anyone? Like, the Love Good Fats guy was this Indian guy, lj, and his boss was Prashin. Prashin was, like, a director of supply chain at a food company. And then he hired lj, and then we scooped both of them. Lj, but the boss was really arrogant. Prashin was really arrogant. But LJ now works for Look Good Fats. Okay, so. Oh, actually, the. I wonder who does Look Good Fats. Amazon, actually. I think Marcus said she's happy with them.

Speaker C: Wait a minute. So you. You don't operate that brand anymore?

Speaker B: No. Oh, no, because Patrick bought it for a song, so. But Monica's managing it. Remind me to. Remind me to check with Monica if they need an Amazon person. But I'm pretty sure she said they're really happy with the recompense. Okay, but I'll check, but just remind me. Yeah. So anyway, so I'm very, very behind, and I'm very frustrated that, you know, don't say yes for five weeks and then. Well, you know, at the end of the day, I shouldn't be frustrated. She literally couldn't even get access to the files. And she's the type of person who uses excuses for things not getting done. And, like, I have zero tolerance for that. Right. Like, you're. You're just supposed to check the quotes. Like, you. She's had access to any. I don't even want to bother. Like, this is not a good use of time. I don't want to bother you with that. But the point is now I have to spend the next week. Like, I'm gonna go. Suzanne's gonna come over, and we're gonna go into it ourselves.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. So. Okay. So what else do we have to talk about?

Speaker C: Well. Well, I was interested in knowing. I see. That you were first of all talking about tjx and then Walmart and also. Yeah, So I wanted to understand the numbers, how the things work there, and also what launch strategies are there. I mean, how does it work there? That's what I wanted to understand a little bit. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. They're all, like, different. So tjx, I was with the buyer last Friday, and T. Tgx, they want. You know, they don't care about Ecom. And they don't want you to spend any money on Ecom. They don't want you doing geotargeting. They don't want you doing ads. Nothing, nothing, nothing. All they want is the absolute lowest price you can get to them. They want that price and the. And then they put it in their store. Their store has this whole discovery thing. So if it does well, like, he would put us in. Like, he would order like 600. Put six per store in 100 stores, and if it does well, we get a bigger order next September.

Speaker C: Huh.

Speaker B: So that's tgx, but he's kind of gone missing on me, so I emailed him yesterday and said, hey, we're uploading the artwork. Like, let us know. So that's kind of tjx. Costco CA is different because Costco Ca, we would do Facebook ads that say, you know, that land on Costco ca. So Costco ca, we're going to do ads that say, you know, buy us, buy our hot chocolate. Buy our cups at Costco ca.

Speaker C: Is it just online, or will you also sell in the store?

Speaker B: Yeah, it's just online for now. But the idea is if you do well online, you get a listing in the store. So you get a 300,000. Okay. Mm.

Speaker C: 300,000 in that sense. What?

Speaker B: Like minimum 300. So Costco CA is like 2,000amonth. So I'm like, it's not a lot at all.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's not a lot at all. But the. But if. But it's a gate. It's a gate. A gateway to retail. Retail would be a minimum of 300,000. Okay. When your SKU does well, it's like a million a month. Like a month when it does well. So it's a gateway. Right. So like, I'm listed now at Costco CA with the cups. I didn't get listed yet with the hot chocolate because, you know, I kind of stopped pushing everywhere. Right. I just put the brakes on. I don't have product made.

Speaker C: Right. Yeah.

Speaker B: And then I'm going to try to get listed at Sobeys because she kind of owes me listing because she, you know, I gave her a lot of money with my better chocolates. And I'm going to try to get listed at Sobeys and maybe even at Loblaw. So we'll see.

Speaker C: All right. Okay.

Speaker B: All right, Suzy, the way it works, like, the way. Like, the ideal way to build a brand is with Lovegood Fats, where the brand sells really, really well at retail. Then you list it kind of at the same time, you list it on Facebook, on Shopify and Amazon, and then people go and check your website on Shopify, but they want to buy on Amazon, right? People want to buy on Amazon, then they see you on Amazon, so there's a trust badge on Amazon, then they check your reviews, and then they buy you. So a little bit like our buddy William, right? Like, he. He has a website in vitamin.com, but I don't think he sells anything on his website. Like, he sells 100% on an Amazon. He sells zero in stores. But the brand he did before, this brand, so not, you know, the brand that he had a partner, and then they, you know, they had a breakup, and then he made money out of that.

Speaker C: Yeah,

Speaker B: that brand he also rolled out into stores. It was a brand of charcoal toothpaste, I think, or something. Like, it did really well because it was on trend. So when the brands do well, online retail wants to carry it. And if you do a good job on retail, then it's kind of how it takes off. Either the brand does really well on retail, and. And then it, like, Amazon rides that and then it gets multiplying. Or the brand is a TikTok brand or an Amazon brand, and it does really well, and then the retailer is like, hey, I want to list your brand, and then you're in both channels. So that's kind of like how, you know, brand building 101 is working now these days.

Speaker C: Got it.

Speaker B: Okay. So, yeah.

Speaker C: All right.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah, that's good enough for now. All right. All right, Suzy, one more thing is now that for my agency, we have worked on the positioning and also prepared the peach deck. What's the next step?

Speaker B: Well, now you kind of have to, like, you have to do your B2B cycle, which let me. I have a whole bunch of stuff to show you, but it's all the same. Like, there's literally, you know, thousands of consultants that are putting it online. So it's pretty hilarious. But it's all the same. Like, now you have to do top of the funnel all the way to bottom of the funnel. Top of the funnel all the way to bottom funnel. So now you need to start generating leads. So everything from, you know, and I know you don't have AI, but most of the consultants are recommending to automate, like, your. Your leads. So you generate leads with a little bit of ads. You automate the responses. You get, like, responses on your leads, and then you follow up, you give them a proposal, and ideally, like, do you know AI? Do you know ChatGPT, because all of that can get automated now.

Speaker C: But, yes, I. I have been using ChatGPT with some of my things.

Speaker B: Yeah, but you know how to automate the flows?

Speaker C: No, I haven't done that.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. So now, like, why don't we have a session? Like, let's have a session. And I'm just gonna walk you through exactly what I'm talking about, and then you can decide whether you. And it's gonna be the same for me when I build my brand. And I'm looking like my website is giving. Getting built right now. Oh, actually, I think I have to pay. Like, I'm. This. This guy from. This guy from the LGBT group has gave me a really good price, and. And I'm gonna give him a chance on the first one. Oh, thank you for your connection. So, but what I'll do is I'll book half an hour. Let me just get it organized. Sure. I'll walk you through the sales funnel, and it's essentially, I'll show you, like, we'll brainstorm together. But there's going to be, like, two scenarios. One is we automate it, or two is we do it manual. But the theory is the same. You start at the top of the funnel and you have an outreach, and you're like, hey, I exist. I'm, you know, like, cpg, Amazon, blah, blah, blah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: And. And it's ongoing exercise. And then you get. As soon as you get leads, boom, you have to automate your response. Okay. So now you have an automated response. Then they fill out a form, probably, and then, boom, you have an automated response to give them a quote. Right. And then, boom, there's an automated. You get a meeting booked. There's a whole science. It's like B2B. There's like an entire industry. Like, it's very. It's different than CPG. Like, it's a B2B industry, but very interesting.

Speaker C: Yeah. So we have to talk about the funnel, basically.

Speaker B: Yeah. But for you and for me, right?

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker B: I'm. I'm. Right now, I have a contract with farmers. But the reason I'm doing my website is I want to be, you know, Susie CMO4P Susie. So I, you know, I'm gonna want to do the same thing you're doing. The difference is, you know, I do speaking engagements. I'll have my website. I'll have a website also. And the difference is I want to do a little bit of speaking also. But you and I are going to be very similar. I'm going to look for contracts. Like, right now, I'm crazy, crazy busy because I. I got money to launch my chocolates. Yeah, the money's getting deposited today, and I have one big contract. Right.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: We're in the same business together, so we can learn together. Sure. We want to do the AI and font. We can do them together. Sure, we can do that.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. So let me find you, like, the best example. We'll jump on a call maybe on the weekend. Sure. We'll go through the example together.

Speaker C: Okay, we can do that. And by the way, for supply chain, I have a friend at neutralab. I used to work there. Not sure if you will have the time, but I will ask and see if he can help if you are interested. Yeah, but probably he is very busy with some of the things. But I'll ask. Yeah. All right, Susie, thank you so much. Okay, talk soon. Bye.

Speaker B: I'll text you a little bit later.

Speaker C: Yes, yes. Bye now.

