Transcript for: Recording__735.mp4
Title: Recording #735
============================================================

How is. It's your first week in Costa Rica, isn't it? My second. Second. Okay. I was here with our last class as well. Oh, really? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, of course. Of course you were. So, yeah, you have spent one week there, right? Yeah, about a week and a half, something like that. Yeah. So how is it going so far? It's okay, give and take. The animals are great. They're adorable, and I really like working with most of them. The parrots may or may not have tried to kill me a couple times, but that's just how parrots are, if you've ever met one. You're working with animals? Yeah, that's what I'm doing here. I'm volunteering with an animal rescue center. Oh, okay. I didn't know that. Yeah. I'm here to volunteer for three months with a Costa Rican natural life center. They rescue animals that have been injured or orphaned and they try to release as many as possible. Okay. Sometimes you can't, though. For example, a lot of the birds here were raised as pets, which is illegal in Costa Rica. So if they find a parrot that's maybe endangered or local to the environment, you're not allowed to keep that. They'll take it and they'll put it here. Okay. So you cannot keep a pet. I mean, birds as a pet. Not birds, just anything that you would find in the wild because you're not allowed to go out and, like, take a bird from the wild. It's. It's the same in anywhere, I think. So in where I'm from in Michigan, you're not allowed to have, like a pet robin, for example. Like, you could have a pet parrot in Michigan because they're not in the wild there. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Do you also like to, you know, travel around or do you just go there, leave and live, like, you know, as if you're a resident there? And what do you mean? Are you more like a tourist or are you more like trying to see how life is there when you're in a new place? It depends on the new place. Germany. I went there to try to see if I would like to live there. Okay. I did. Not here. I'm definitely not staying here. Not because it's not beautiful and great. It's just that I came here to volunteer. Got it, Got it. Okay. Not really in mind to live. Yeah, right. I mean, I could potentially get a teaching job here, but it's. It's a little too warm to be here permanently. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's what I've Been doing. Working with all sorts of animals. There's parrots, sloths. Yeah. Macaws. Who else is popular here? Yeah, I've been working a lot with the birds, sometimes with the sloths. There are wild cats here, but nobody gets to, like, really work with them. You kind of just give them the food and go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Not very friendly. Yeah, I mean, I'm sure they would be friendly if they know you. Until they're not. Until they're not. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. At least if a parrot tries to bite you, like, their. Their beaks are like this big and it. Yeah. A wild cat, not as much. Yeah. So that's what I've been doing. Oh, monkeys. Working with a lot of those guys. They are definitely something. I know where monkey business comes from now. Yeah. Yeah. So that's. That's basically where I am. Okay. I. I didn't have any idea that you were. That's why you're there. Yeah, no, I. I think I mentioned it to a few people. I forgot. I thought I told you, but I guess not. Yeah. So this is actually the volunteer. This is what is happening. Oh, really? Okay. Yeah. Okay. All the volunteers are kind of just. Aha. Living here in the same area too. I saw last day, I saw some people coming this way. I mean, when we were on the class. Yeah. Okay. All right. So long E. Yeah. How. How do you enjoy long E? Is it your best friend? I mean, I was reviewing. I was watching the recording and also doing some practice and didn't do much, but. And what I was supposed to do is to observe the tongue position. How it's. How it is, how the tongue position is for the ones that I'm doing correctly. Right. Yes. Which is in which part of the word? The last. The end. Yeah. So I absorbed that, and I think I now have a better understanding of it. But it's not the same for all words, even though it's in the end. Yeah. But the ones that I'm. I feel I'm doing properly, I do see that that tongue movement is actually how it's supposed to be. From Latin I to the Y position. Yes. I mean, it's not in the way I expected or imagined the Y position to be, but I see that it's moving to the front. I observed that. Yeah. So you could feel kind of that movement, even if you can't feel exactly like, oh, this is y position. 100%. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And it's so fast that it could be hard to get every, like, millimeter, like, measured Out. And it's such a slight movement at its point. Well, but have you gotten familiar enough with it to put it in the middle or the beginning of the word to feel more comfortable doing that? Yeah. If you remember last day when, after practicing E in the end, when I tried to pronounce it in the beginning, I did better. And. And I mean, what I was trying to do is I was. I was probably stressing too much on it, but at least the pronunciation was better. For example, each. Yeah, I did. I. I was. Yeah, I think now it's a bit better. But I was again looking into a short I. And I'm 100% sure that there will be cases where I'll have trouble pronouncing words. I mean, if I'm not air. If it is not being pointed at, oh, this is short I, then I may pronounce that more like long E in some cases. So, you know, I may interchange them. Yeah. So now you're kind of like over correcting. Yeah. And the paragraph that you gave me, I was reading that, and I realized that when I was reading that. Realized that you were reading that. That you were correcting. Realize that I'm getting confused between long, short I and long E in some cases. Can you give me an example of maybe where it's a little difficult now? Well, if I. What happened is, after reading that paragraph, I went. I was reviewing the practice sheet for. Oh, there you go. I didn't pronounce long. You were doing the practice shit. Okay, whatever. That's how you see it. Yeah. So. And I noticed that when I was reviewing these words, I had similar words in the paragraph, and I was thinking, oh, those may be long E. So that's when I realized that. Yeah, maybe confusing between these two sounds. Yeah. So I'm not sure if I sent this to you. It's the phonetics translator that could tell you exactly which sound you're supposed to use. Did you go ahead and peek at that at all, just to double check? Not today. Okay. Well, yeah, not today. Okay. So did you. How would you say it is now? Like, how often do you feel you confuse the two? It's just sometimes. So it's a bit. I think it will be okay if I. So especially when it's in the beginning, I'll say the short I when. When it's in the beginning. So for words like initial, I think that I am doing the second short I properly or better than the first one. Actually, initial only has one short I in it. Really? Yes. Okay, let me. IGLOO how about that one? Nope. Still. Still just one. Yeah, just one. But it's in the beginning. Yeah. No, it's good. I thought you were still looking for words with who. Yeah, yeah. Initial, igloo. And where's your tongue for short eye? Well, ideally when it's in the medial position, then I'm doing with the back of the tongue. But here, I didn't really observe that. What I'm doing the first one. I just feel like I'm not doing it in the same way as this as a medial ones. So you feel like you're doing short eye differently depending where it is in the word. Okay. And I may not do the initial ones properly. Yeah, that's just how I feel. Yeah. Just how high are you lifting your tongue. Now? I was just thinking, when I pronounce feel, I pronounce that. That with short I. Again, I am so accustomed to using short I in the places where I shouldn't be. That is a. That is a hard habit to kick. Okay, so your question was. Sorry, my question was how high? Yeah, how high? What's your position with the shore eye when it's medial? It's. It's quite high. I'll say with. With the back position. Back of the tongue. Like. Like the one that I practice, basically with this chin down for the initial ones. I really need to practice more and observe what's going on. Yeah. And how high is short eye supposed to be? Not too high. Yeah, not. Not super high. So when it's in the back, it might be a little higher than when it's in the middle, but it's supposed to be just up enough. So if you're worried about your short eye position. Hold on. Oh, God. What is that? Okay, then there was a scorpion in my headset. I'm not living here. I. Yeah. Anyway, I didn't even know there were scorpions around here, but. Yeah. Scorpion in the headset. That's not something I've done before. Give me just a second. Sure. Yeah. Oh, my God. That's so dangerous. Yeah, there's all sorts of fun bugs around here. Oh, my God. It. Cannot hear you, by the way. It retreated to under the water cooler. I think I'll be okay. Wow. That was actually dangerous, isn't it? Yeah. On the. Yeah. That's probably not the most fun thing that could have. I could have found in my headset. I don't even know how it freaking got in there, but. Okay. Anyway, it was scarier than the tarantula I saw the other day. No, Literally, I was going for a walk. I'm like, oh, I'm taking a nice walk on the beach. Should I take my shoes off? I think the sand would feel nice. And nope, I see a tarantula. Okay. Yeah. Anyways, anyways, anyways, sorry, you were saying about shore eye. It's fine, it's fine. Yeah, we were talking about how it should be rather short, as in it shouldn't be too high in the mouth. So what I think might be helpful is if you're kind of worried about it going too high is read the words. Maybe find a patch of like four or five words and read them all in a row. Like it in eat or. No, eat is long, it in itch. Like nice group of words. Start with lifting the tongue just as low as possible. Just bare minimum. It's literally even moved. Barely moved. See how that sounds? Okay, that's how it sounds. Not quite right. Lift it just a tiny, tiny, tiny bit more. It in itch. Got it. A little higher and keep going until the tongue's like near the top of the mouth and be like, okay, I started from the bottom. Now I'm here. Where does it feel right now? Thanks for reminding the. I mean, these are some examples that you gave me. So that's helpful. It's kind of like a reminder. No, this is how it's pronounced. Yeah, no, it's all good. I would like to do. It sounds like you're doing really well with the self practice, so I would like to just do a reading together so that I could hear where you're at so far. Yeah. So go ahead. Do you have the breaking news? English, our usual reading thing, the website? Yes, it's open right now. I am on the. What is this? Palm alt oil level three. Is that what you want me to read? Level is whatever level you'd like. Did you read that one yet? Yeah, I read that once. All right, cool. Did you record yourself reading it? No, I should. Perfect. Yes. We could do that together. Now then, do you want to record? I could record if you'd like. You could either. Oh, I'm recording myself. Yes. Come on. Yes. Yeah. Either on your phone or on Skype. Whichever is easier for you. I'm listening to you say it so I don't need to record it as well. So do you want me to read the entire thing now? Yes, please. Record and read whenever you're ready. Yeah, it's ready. Um, okay, let me get started. And do you want me to read for everything? Whatever I know so far. What do you Mean, I mean all the. All the sounds short to everything laxe. Just short I, short E or short I log e. Right now. I don't want you to ever like focus on all of them at once. The goal is to focus maybe on one sound at a time. Once you get comfortable, it should kind of naturally be integrated. But if you have to think about like 10 different things actively, that it's just going to mess them all up. The more you have to think about, the worse you're going to do with each, you know. Yeah, just the minimal pair. Yeah. Okay. Palm oil is used in many things we eat and use every day. It is. It is. It is in food and not. And. Oh, God. It is in food, in beauty products and in biofuel. However, Producing. However. However producing palm oil leads to environmental damage because of deforestation. A team of researchers in Scotland believe they have found an alternative to palm oil. Scientists from Queen Margaret University in Edinburgh have created a wholly plant based oil that is better for the environment and for our health. The university's new palm oil product is 70% better for the environment. This is because it is more sustainable and leads to less biodiversity. Biodiversity and loss. I'm not reading it. I'm just focusing too much on pronunciation. Don't focus at all. Then focus just on this last sentence and then the next one. Just read it as you naturally would. Okay. It is also healthier than palm oil with 80% less saturated fat and 30% fewer calories. All right, go ahead and just read it as you would. No minimal pairs exist anymore. Okay. The researchers believe. Okay, just let me read it. The researchers believe their work could change how things are made. Around half of all the food and cosmetics we use we currently buy contain palm oil. The use of palm oil is growing, so more. More trees have to be cut down in tropical countries. Palm oil is made from a byproduct from the linseed oil flower. And how do you pronounce it? Rapeseed. It's rapeseed. Rapeseed. Rapeseed oil. Researcher. What country? Researcher Catriona Lil. Yeah. Catrona. Okay. Researcher Catrona Little. Spooky. Katrina. Yeah, Katrina. Like hurricane. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Researcher Katrina Little spoke to the BBC about palm malt. She called it the holy grail to replace palm oil. She found it does have the same things palm oil does. She said we have put it through some special sensory testing to see if a panel can tell the difference between our product and traditional palm oil and they can't. She is now hoping businesses will start using it. Instead of regular palm oil. Nice. So go ahead and stop the recording. Of course. I'm recording the intercession anyway. Oh. Oh, sorry. Yeah. Do you. When you do do recordings, do you just, like, speed up to that point then? You want me to play it right now? No, no, no. When you do listen back to recordings like this, reading just, like, speed up to that point in the class? Yeah. Okay, fair enough. So I re. I rewatched the entire class, actually, so that I remember everything that we discussed. All right, perfect. All my beautiful tips and tricks. All my scorpions. Yeah, all those are recorded, by the way. You'll, like, slow it down. You'll probably be able to see it, like, on the camera. All right, so as you were doing your reading, it's always helpful to kind of read it as you naturally would instead of really worrying about overthinking the sound. If it's something that you have to maybe keep in mind but not overthink, definitely do that. But since it seems like the minimal pair between I and e is still something you really, really have to focus on, it's kind of more of a distraction. So I would say definitely keep practicing it in the pairs in certain words. And then when it comes to readings like this or speaking conversation, practice anything like that, do as you naturally would, because you want to practice to get up to a certain level, and then you want to see what level you're actually at, if that makes sense. Right. Yeah. Real quick. How did you say I'll send it to you? How did you say this word? It was in use? Yes. So I'm trying to figure out which sentence that was in. So this actually has two ways to pronounce it. Okay, to pronounce. So how would you say it in this sentence, the one that it was in. In the second paragraph, the use of palm oil is growing. That's with the s. So the use of palm oil. Use. Okay, I said use like it's different. Yeah. Use is if it's as a verb. So, like, oh, yeah, I use this every day. I use my phone. I used that pillow. That's as a verb. If it's as a noun, like the use. Okay, the use is now as a noun. It's with an S. Wow. Okay. Yeah, yeah. So there's just a slight difference there. So in the first sentence, for example, palm oil is used with an. With a Z. Palm oil is used in many things we eat and use every day. That's. You said it correctly there. But the use. Use of palm oil is growing. Got It. Okay, hold on. Yep. So just completely unrelated, but something that I noticed. And then how did you say this word? Scotland. Yeah. So that's actually with a short I. Scotland. Scotland. Short I. Yes. So scotland, England, Iceland. Okay. Stuff like that. Any world. Poland. Any country with a lind or a land is actually a lind. So it's not actually pronounced with the a. In that case. Oh, that's something new. Yeah. If you're curious about why, it's just because a really long time ago in Middle English, we actually would use lynd as land. Like, oh, that's the lynd of Scots. Scotland. But then eventually we started saying land for different things, so that we started saying land, and we changed the spelling to land, but we still pronounced it as lind. Okay. Because why not? So, yeah. Scotland, Iceland, Poland, etc. Oh, okay. Wow. Yeah. So you have an extra sure eye for you there. Yeah, it's not even evident, but it's hidden kind of. So is there a shrine, Scott, by the way? No. If it was, it would be scut. Yeah. So, Scott Scutt. Is there a short O? Yes. Huh. Okay. Ah, yes. So, Scott lind. Both the vowels there. All right, so I want you to kind of look through both of these. The first one, you were really, really focusing on it. Right. I think it might be interesting if you go through the recording and figure out if you could hear more accuracy in the first one where you were really focusing on it, versus the second one where you just read it naturally. So listen to them both, especially listening to, oh, did I say it better at the end of the word versus the middle? And then I want you to see if that kind of super concentration made that much of a difference. Because what I actually noticed was it might have helped a little bit with the long I or long e short I. But it definitely changed other sounds. For example, you did better with schwa in the second paragraph. So I know I did say don't focus on schwa. That's true. But would you go back and do your listening? Since the recording is already there, it could always be helpful to maybe record for one sound, in this case the middle mo pairs, and then go back and listen for other sounds. So you aren't even thinking about schwa at all. So this is actually the perfect recording to go back and listen for schwa, because you want to see what level you are when you're not thinking about it, if that makes sense. Yeah. All right, so I would say go back, listen for the minimal pairs in this one. Listen for schwa in both. Like I said, I noticed a big difference between these paragraphs when it comes to schwa and stress as well. Just general smoothness, I think. Like I said, go through and listen for each word and then do a reading or a conversation. If you want to do some good practice, go to your breaking news or anything. Actually just read a short snippet of literally anything, then talk about it for a couple minutes to yourself. For example, what do you think of this palm oil alternative? I. What I think is. I mean, she, the researcher, she thinks that it will. She hopes that it will take off and businesses will start buying. But I think that probably won't happen unless it's actually cheaper than the actual palm oil. Because probably businesses won't care how. How much environment friendly it is. Yeah, well, that's the fun thing too though, is that businesses can maybe buy it and put a label saying environmental friendly and then the. Whatever they pay for it, they can like triple it. Yeah, yeah, that could be one thing. And customers. Yeah. Then it's up to the customers whether they will prefer that or not. Would you pay more for something that's better for the environment? Like in this case? Well, palm oil. I don't use palm oil at all. What is it used for? It's used kind of like an extra ingredient in a bunch of things. So for example, you might look at like a bag of chips and it might like have palm oil as an ingredient, like something like that. So it's used in a lot of food. Yeah, yeah. And cosmetic.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: How is. It's your first week in Costa Rica, isn't it?

Speaker B: My second.

Speaker A: Second.

Speaker B: Okay. I was here with our last class as well.

Speaker A: Oh, really? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, of course. Of course you were. So, yeah, you have spent one week there, right?

Speaker B: Yeah, about a week and a half, something like that.

Speaker A: Yeah. So how is it going so far?

Speaker B: It's okay, give and take. The animals are great. They're adorable, and I really like working with most of them. The parrots may or may not have tried to kill me a couple times, but that's just how parrots are, if you've ever met one.

Speaker A: You're working with animals?

Speaker B: Yeah, that's what I'm doing here. I'm volunteering with an animal rescue center.

Speaker A: Oh, okay. I didn't know that.

Speaker B: Yeah. I'm here to volunteer for three months with a Costa Rican natural life center. They rescue animals that have been injured or orphaned and they try to release as many as possible.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Sometimes you can't, though. For example, a lot of the birds here were raised as pets, which is illegal in Costa Rica. So if they find a parrot that's maybe endangered or local to the environment, you're not allowed to keep that. They'll take it and they'll put it here.

Speaker A: Okay. So you cannot keep a pet. I mean, birds as a pet.

Speaker B: Not birds, just anything that you would find in the wild because you're not allowed to go out and, like, take a bird from the wild. It's. It's the same in anywhere, I think. So in where I'm from in Michigan, you're not allowed to have, like a pet robin, for example. Like, you could have a pet parrot in Michigan because they're not in the wild there.

Speaker A: Right? Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Do you also like to, you know, travel around or do you just go there, leave and live, like, you know, as if you're a resident there? And what do you mean? Are you more like a tourist or are you more like trying to see how life is there when you're in a new place?

Speaker B: It depends on the new place. Germany. I went there to try to see if I would like to live there. Okay. I did. Not here. I'm definitely not staying here. Not because it's not beautiful and great. It's just that I came here to volunteer.

Speaker A: Got it, Got it. Okay.

Speaker B: Not really in mind to live. Yeah, right. I mean, I could potentially get a teaching job here, but it's. It's a little too warm to be here permanently. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's what I've Been doing. Working with all sorts of animals. There's parrots, sloths. Yeah. Macaws. Who else is popular here? Yeah, I've been working a lot with the birds, sometimes with the sloths. There are wild cats here, but nobody gets to, like, really work with them. You kind of just give them the food and go.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Not very friendly.

Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I'm sure they would be friendly if they know you. Until they're not.

Speaker A: Until they're not.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. At least if a parrot tries to bite you, like, their. Their beaks are like this big and it.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: A wild cat, not as much. Yeah. So that's what I've been doing. Oh, monkeys. Working with a lot of those guys. They are definitely something. I know where monkey business comes from now. Yeah. Yeah. So that's. That's basically where I am.

Speaker A: Okay. I. I didn't have any idea that you were. That's why you're there.

Speaker B: Yeah, no, I. I think I mentioned it to a few people. I forgot. I thought I told you, but I guess not. Yeah. So this is actually the volunteer.

Speaker A: This is what is happening. Oh, really? Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: All the volunteers are kind of just. Aha.

Speaker A: Living here in the same area too. I saw last day, I saw some people coming this way. I mean, when we were on the class. Yeah. Okay. All right. So long E.

Speaker B: Yeah. How. How do you enjoy long E? Is it your best friend?

Speaker A: I mean, I was reviewing. I was watching the recording and also doing some practice and didn't do much, but. And what I was supposed to do is to observe the tongue position. How it's. How it is, how the tongue position is for the ones that I'm doing correctly. Right.

Speaker B: Yes. Which is in which part of the word?

Speaker A: The last. The end. Yeah. So I absorbed that, and I think I now have a better understanding of it. But it's not the same for all words, even though it's in the end. Yeah. But the ones that I'm. I feel I'm doing properly, I do see that that tongue movement is actually how it's supposed to be. From Latin I to the Y position.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: I mean, it's not in the way I expected or imagined the Y position to be, but I see that it's moving to the front. I observed that.

Speaker B: Yeah. So you could feel kind of that movement, even if you can't feel exactly like, oh, this is y position. 100%.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. And it's so fast that it could be hard to get every, like, millimeter, like, measured Out. And it's such a slight movement at its point. Well, but have you gotten familiar enough with it to put it in the middle or the beginning of the word to feel more comfortable doing that?

Speaker A: Yeah. If you remember last day when, after practicing E in the end, when I tried to pronounce it in the beginning, I did better. And. And I mean, what I was trying to do is I was. I was probably stressing too much on it, but at least the pronunciation was better. For example, each. Yeah, I did. I. I was. Yeah, I think now it's a bit better. But I was again looking into a short I. And I'm 100% sure that there will be cases where I'll have trouble pronouncing words. I mean, if I'm not air. If it is not being pointed at, oh, this is short I, then I may pronounce that more like long E in some cases. So, you know, I may interchange them.

Speaker B: Yeah. So now you're kind of like over correcting.

Speaker A: Yeah. And the paragraph that you gave me, I was reading that, and I realized that when I was reading that.

Speaker B: Realized that you were reading that. That you were correcting.

Speaker A: Realize that I'm getting confused between long, short I and long E in some cases.

Speaker B: Can you give me an example of maybe where it's a little difficult now?

Speaker A: Well, if I. What happened is, after reading that paragraph, I went. I was reviewing the practice sheet for. Oh, there you go. I didn't pronounce long.

Speaker B: You were doing the practice shit. Okay, whatever. That's how you see it.

Speaker A: Yeah. So. And I noticed that when I was reviewing these words, I had similar words in the paragraph, and I was thinking, oh, those may be long E. So that's when I realized that. Yeah, maybe confusing between these two sounds.

Speaker B: Yeah. So I'm not sure if I sent this to you. It's the phonetics translator that could tell you exactly which sound you're supposed to use. Did you go ahead and peek at that at all, just to double check?

Speaker A: Not today.

Speaker B: Okay. Well, yeah, not today. Okay. So did you. How would you say it is now? Like, how often do you feel you confuse the two?

Speaker A: It's just sometimes. So it's a bit. I think it will be okay if I. So especially when it's in the beginning, I'll say the short I when. When it's in the beginning. So for words like initial, I think that I am doing the second short I properly or better than the first one.

Speaker B: Actually, initial only has one short I in it.

Speaker A: Really?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay, let me. IGLOO how about that one?

Speaker B: Nope. Still. Still just one.

Speaker A: Yeah, just one. But it's in the beginning.

Speaker B: Yeah. No, it's good. I thought you were still looking for words with who. Yeah, yeah. Initial, igloo. And where's your tongue for short eye?

Speaker A: Well, ideally when it's in the medial position, then I'm doing with the back of the tongue. But here, I didn't really observe that. What I'm doing the first one. I just feel like I'm not doing it in the same way as this as a medial ones.

Speaker B: So you feel like you're doing short eye differently depending where it is in the word. Okay.

Speaker A: And I may not do the initial ones properly. Yeah, that's just how I feel.

Speaker B: Yeah. Just how high are you lifting your tongue.

Speaker A: Now? I was just thinking, when I pronounce feel, I pronounce that. That with short I. Again, I am so accustomed to using short I in the places where I shouldn't be.

Speaker B: That is a. That is a hard habit to kick.

Speaker A: Okay, so your question was.

Speaker B: Sorry, my question was how high? Yeah, how high? What's your position with the shore eye

Speaker A: when it's medial? It's. It's quite high. I'll say with. With the back position. Back of the tongue. Like. Like the one that I practice, basically with this chin down for the initial ones. I really need to practice more and observe what's going on.

Speaker B: Yeah. And how high is short eye supposed to be?

Speaker A: Not too high.

Speaker B: Yeah, not. Not super high. So when it's in the back, it might be a little higher than when it's in the middle, but it's supposed to be just up enough. So if you're worried about your short eye position. Hold on. Oh, God.

Speaker A: What is that?

Speaker B: Okay, then there was a scorpion in my headset. I'm not living here. I. Yeah. Anyway, I didn't even know there were scorpions around here, but. Yeah. Scorpion in the headset. That's not something I've done before. Give me just a second.

Speaker A: Sure. Yeah. Oh, my God. That's so dangerous.

Speaker B: Yeah, there's all sorts of fun bugs around here.

Speaker A: Oh, my God.

Speaker B: It.

Speaker A: Cannot hear you, by the way.

Speaker B: It retreated to under the water cooler. I think I'll be okay.

Speaker A: Wow. That was actually dangerous, isn't it?

Speaker B: Yeah. On the. Yeah. That's probably not the most fun thing that could have. I could have found in my headset. I don't even know how it freaking got in there, but. Okay. Anyway, it was scarier than the tarantula I saw the other day. No, Literally, I was going for a walk. I'm like, oh, I'm taking a nice walk on the beach. Should I take my shoes off? I think the sand would feel nice. And nope, I see a tarantula.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. Anyways, anyways, anyways, sorry, you were saying about shore eye.

Speaker A: It's fine, it's fine. Yeah,

Speaker B: we were talking about how it should be rather short, as in it shouldn't be too high in the mouth. So what I think might be helpful is if you're kind of worried about it going too high is read the words. Maybe find a patch of like four or five words and read them all in a row. Like it in eat or. No, eat is long, it in itch. Like nice group of words. Start with lifting the tongue just as low as possible. Just bare minimum. It's literally even moved. Barely moved. See how that sounds? Okay, that's how it sounds. Not quite right. Lift it just a tiny, tiny, tiny bit more. It in itch.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: A little higher and keep going until the tongue's like near the top of the mouth and be like, okay, I started from the bottom. Now I'm here. Where does it feel right now?

Speaker A: Thanks for reminding the. I mean, these are some examples that you gave me. So that's helpful. It's kind of like a reminder. No, this is how it's pronounced.

Speaker B: Yeah, no, it's all good. I would like to do. It sounds like you're doing really well with the self practice, so I would like to just do a reading together so that I could hear where you're at so far.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So go ahead. Do you have the breaking news? English, our usual reading thing, the website?

Speaker A: Yes, it's open right now. I am on the. What is this? Palm alt oil level three. Is that what you want me to read?

Speaker B: Level is whatever level you'd like. Did you read that one yet?

Speaker A: Yeah, I read that once.

Speaker B: All right, cool. Did you record yourself reading it?

Speaker A: No, I should.

Speaker B: Perfect. Yes. We could do that together.

Speaker A: Now then, do you want to record?

Speaker B: I could record if you'd like. You could either.

Speaker A: Oh, I'm recording myself.

Speaker B: Yes. Come on. Yes. Yeah. Either on your phone or on Skype. Whichever is easier for you. I'm listening to you say it so I don't need to record it as well.

Speaker A: So do you want me to read the entire thing now?

Speaker B: Yes, please. Record and read whenever you're ready.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's ready. Um, okay, let me get started. And do you want me to read for everything? Whatever I know so far.

Speaker B: What do you Mean, I mean all the.

Speaker A: All the sounds short to everything laxe.

Speaker B: Just short I, short E or short I log e. Right now. I don't want you to ever like focus on all of them at once. The goal is to focus maybe on one sound at a time. Once you get comfortable, it should kind of naturally be integrated. But if you have to think about like 10 different things actively, that it's just going to mess them all up. The more you have to think about, the worse you're going to do with each, you know. Yeah, just the minimal pair.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Palm oil is used in many things we eat and use every day. It is. It is. It is in food and not. And. Oh, God. It is in food, in beauty products and in biofuel. However, Producing. However. However producing palm oil leads to environmental damage because of deforestation. A team of researchers in Scotland believe they have found an alternative to palm oil. Scientists from Queen Margaret University in Edinburgh have created a wholly plant based oil that is better for the environment and for our health. The university's new palm oil product is 70% better for the environment. This is because it is more sustainable and leads to less biodiversity. Biodiversity and loss. I'm not reading it. I'm just focusing too much on pronunciation.

Speaker B: Don't focus at all. Then focus just on this last sentence and then the next one. Just read it as you naturally would.

Speaker A: Okay. It is also healthier than palm oil with 80% less saturated fat and 30% fewer calories.

Speaker B: All right, go ahead and just read it as you would. No minimal pairs exist anymore.

Speaker A: Okay. The researchers believe. Okay, just let me read it. The researchers believe their work could change how things are made. Around half of all the food and cosmetics we use we currently buy contain palm oil. The use of palm oil is growing, so more. More trees have to be cut down in tropical countries. Palm oil is made from a byproduct from the linseed oil flower. And how do you pronounce it? Rapeseed.

Speaker B: It's rapeseed.

Speaker A: Rapeseed. Rapeseed oil. Researcher. What country? Researcher Catriona Lil.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Catrona. Okay. Researcher Catrona Little.

Speaker B: Spooky. Katrina. Yeah, Katrina. Like hurricane.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Researcher Katrina Little spoke to the BBC about palm malt. She called it the holy grail to replace palm oil. She found it does have the same things palm oil does. She said we have put it through some special sensory testing to see if a panel can tell the difference between our product and traditional palm oil and they can't. She is now hoping businesses will start using it. Instead of regular palm oil.

Speaker B: Nice. So go ahead and stop the recording. Of course.

Speaker A: I'm recording the intercession anyway.

Speaker B: Oh. Oh, sorry. Yeah. Do you. When you do do recordings, do you just, like, speed up to that point then?

Speaker A: You want me to play it right now?

Speaker B: No, no, no. When you do listen back to recordings like this, reading just, like, speed up to that point in the class?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, fair enough.

Speaker A: So I re. I rewatched the entire class, actually, so that I remember everything that we discussed.

Speaker B: All right, perfect. All my beautiful tips and tricks. All my scorpions.

Speaker A: Yeah, all those are recorded, by the way.

Speaker B: You'll, like, slow it down. You'll probably be able to see it, like, on the camera. All right, so as you were doing your reading, it's always helpful to kind of read it as you naturally would instead of really worrying about overthinking the sound. If it's something that you have to maybe keep in mind but not overthink, definitely do that. But since it seems like the minimal pair between I and e is still something you really, really have to focus on, it's kind of more of a distraction. So I would say definitely keep practicing it in the pairs in certain words. And then when it comes to readings like this or speaking conversation, practice anything like that, do as you naturally would, because you want to practice to get up to a certain level, and then you want to see what level you're actually at, if that makes sense.

Speaker A: Right. Yeah.

Speaker B: Real quick. How did you say I'll send it to you? How did you say this word? It was in use? Yes. So I'm trying to figure out which sentence that was in. So this actually has two ways to pronounce it. Okay, to pronounce. So how would you say it in this sentence, the one that it was in. In the second paragraph, the use of

Speaker A: palm oil is growing.

Speaker B: That's with the s. So the use of palm oil.

Speaker A: Use. Okay, I said use like it's different. Yeah.

Speaker B: Use is if it's as a verb. So, like, oh, yeah, I use this every day. I use my phone. I used that pillow. That's as a verb. If it's as a noun, like the use. Okay, the use is now as a noun. It's with an S. Wow.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. So there's just a slight difference there. So in the first sentence, for example, palm oil is used with an. With a Z. Palm oil is used in many things we eat and use every day. That's. You said it correctly there. But the use. Use of palm oil is growing.

Speaker A: Got It.

Speaker B: Okay, hold on.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: So just completely unrelated, but something that I noticed. And then how did you say this word?

Speaker A: Scotland.

Speaker B: Yeah. So that's actually with a short I. Scotland.

Speaker A: Scotland. Short I.

Speaker B: Yes. So scotland, England, Iceland.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Stuff like that. Any world. Poland. Any country with a lind or a land is actually a lind. So it's not actually pronounced with the a. In that case.

Speaker A: Oh, that's something new.

Speaker B: Yeah. If you're curious about why, it's just because a really long time ago in Middle English, we actually would use lynd as land. Like, oh, that's the lynd of Scots. Scotland. But then eventually we started saying land for different things, so that we started saying land, and we changed the spelling to land, but we still pronounced it as lind.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Because why not? So, yeah. Scotland, Iceland, Poland, etc.

Speaker A: Oh, okay. Wow.

Speaker B: Yeah. So you have an extra sure eye for you there.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's not even evident, but it's hidden kind of. So is there a shrine, Scott, by the way?

Speaker B: No. If it was, it would be scut. Yeah. So, Scott Scutt.

Speaker A: Is there a short O?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Huh. Okay.

Speaker B: Ah, yes. So, Scott lind. Both the vowels there. All right, so I want you to kind of look through both of these. The first one, you were really, really focusing on it. Right. I think it might be interesting if you go through the recording and figure out if you could hear more accuracy in the first one where you were really focusing on it, versus the second one where you just read it naturally. So listen to them both, especially listening to, oh, did I say it better at the end of the word versus the middle? And then I want you to see if that kind of super concentration made that much of a difference. Because what I actually noticed was it might have helped a little bit with the long I or long e short I. But it definitely changed other sounds. For example, you did better with schwa in the second paragraph. So I know I did say don't focus on schwa. That's true. But would you go back and do your listening? Since the recording is already there, it could always be helpful to maybe record for one sound, in this case the middle mo pairs, and then go back and listen for other sounds. So you aren't even thinking about schwa at all. So this is actually the perfect recording to go back and listen for schwa, because you want to see what level you are when you're not thinking about it, if that makes sense.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: All right, so I would say go back, listen for the minimal pairs in this one. Listen for schwa in both. Like I said, I noticed a big difference between these paragraphs when it comes to schwa and stress as well. Just general smoothness, I think. Like I said, go through and listen for each word and then do a reading or a conversation. If you want to do some good practice, go to your breaking news or anything. Actually just read a short snippet of literally anything, then talk about it for a couple minutes to yourself. For example, what do you think of this palm oil alternative?

Speaker A: I. What I think is. I mean, she, the researcher, she thinks that it will. She hopes that it will take off and businesses will start buying. But I think that probably won't happen unless it's actually cheaper than the actual palm oil. Because probably businesses won't care how. How much environment friendly it is.

Speaker B: Yeah, well, that's the fun thing too though, is that businesses can maybe buy it and put a label saying environmental friendly and then the. Whatever they pay for it, they can like triple it.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, that could be one thing. And customers. Yeah. Then it's up to the customers whether they will prefer that or not.

Speaker B: Would you pay more for something that's better for the environment? Like in this case?

Speaker A: Well, palm oil. I don't use palm oil at all. What is it used for?

Speaker B: It's used kind of like an extra ingredient in a bunch of things. So for example, you might look at like a bag of chips and it might like have palm oil as an ingredient, like something like that. So it's used in a lot of food.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: And cosmetic.

