Transcript for: Recording__549.mp4
Title: Recording #549
============================================================

Yeah, how are you doing today, Sandeep? I don't know, I couldn't hear you. I didn't, I didn't get. Well, I was asking how are you doing now? Hello? Hey, Sandeep, can you hear me? Yeah, I'm doing great, I'm doing great. How are you doing? Well, yes, yes, I think there is a. I'm audible to you. Hello? Yes, I can hear you, but I think there is a lag. So whatever yours. There's a delay between what you're saying and because of the network, I guess. Yeah, well, if, if it helps, I don't know, sorry for that. Yeah, if it helps, maybe we can do it with the video off. I don't know if that will help. Yeah, please, let's try for that. Yeah. Hello? Yeah, I think it's better now. Yeah, it's better. I can hear you clearly, but maybe the network issues from my side, that's why. Yeah, that's. Let's see if we can manage. Well, so first of all, yeah, thank you so much for attending the call. You. Are you calling from a cafe by the way? Yeah, I just came outside actually. I went to meet my doctor then I didn't had anything so I was. Yeah. Eating outside, so. Got it. I got late actually, so I like. Let's, let's first connect for the interview and have outside only. Oh, so are you in a rush to do something else after this? No, no, no, no, no, I'm completely free. It was, it's. It was like just. I was angry, that's why I was waiting for my phone. Yeah, yeah, that's it. All right, well, so you know, I took a look at your resume. I see that you have been working in a company called Age High Voltage Solution. I have gone through your resume, but I wanted to hear from you about. I mean, was this, is this mostly about Amazon as the e commerce platform or do you have to deal with many other platforms at the same time? Yeah, so the, my current profile is of e commerce expert. Being in the Audi Global company, I'm not just handling the Amazon part, but it's all about the all marketplaces and e commerce business as well. Got it. So other marketplaces like Amazon US India, after that, Walmart, Welfare Overstock, Zulily I used to do, but not in this company. And one more. Is that Lowe's and Home Depot. Got it. Okay, so all those U S companies. All those U S marketplaces. Yep, yep. Okay. More or less. Yes, I see this company, is it based in Bangalore? Is it, Is this an Indian company? Yeah. Okay. So the company is the parent. Like the people who runs the company owns the company. Basically they are from us. Okay. And the people who runs the company all are Indians only. Okay. So there's. Yeah, there's one guy, Ganesh who is the director of the company and companies kind of you can consider a startup or more than that. But like we have completed some around eight years. Eight to eight to ten years. And based out in Bangalore. Yeah. Okay. Bangalore, U.S. philippine and China, I guess. Oh, I see. And you are based in Bangalore. Yeah. Where things are happening. Yeah. Well, so what do you have to do on a day to day basis? I just want to get an understanding of you know, how it looks like. Definitely. So as I told you, I'm at the position of E commerce expert. So I'm managing a team of four to five people. Okay. Not a big team, but yeah. So I'm handling the entire. Completely the operations part. Like I have to look after the cross functional teams for order processing, graphic designing, production and you know, with the sales team as well. I have to coordinate with all of the cross functional team. So. Yeah, by myself. Sorry, excuse me. By myself. I do like reporting part is with me only. I'm taking care of the entire reporting thing and all those things. Creation of report planning, plotting, forecasting of inventory and everything for the client as well. And for our own brands as well. Like there are four or five brands. The of the one, one of the brand name is pay too little. Okay. So there are different brands. 5, 5, 5, 6 brands in house brands. And there are clients, different clients also. So. Yeah, yeah. Kind of a service provider and handling their own business as well. Okay. Which one is their primary business? Is it client handling? Yes. Being in India. Yeah. More it's service provided. Yeah. Okay, so you work with different companies, different clients and also provide services, I mean any E commerce platform related services to them. Okay, I see. Yeah. Yes. And I mean how did you get into this domain? You have been in this domain since 2018. I see. How did you get into this domain? So it's like. See I didn't pursued for anything like engineering and all to be frank. Okay. I completed my HSC from Science Stream and then I tried for engineering but I was not eligible. Okay. I'm. I'm being too frank. That's okay. Yeah, yeah. That's then after that I pursued for a diploma and during the summer vacation, all those vacation time I was just, you know, I started knowing about E commerce from. From my close friend. Okay. He Was like, would you like to join a company? I'll help you in this part. I said okay. From there I started. I started as a cataloger. I joined a company, Blue Box. As a cataloger. Yeah. So I used to do cataloging for that company for different clients as well. So from there my journey started after. After seven or eight months the company was like about to shut or they change their. This thing, the business. So. So I thought let's not just talk with the cataloging part. Why not try the other things, other aspects of E commerce. So I started learning about the campaign part on different marketplaces as well as non. You can say some, some of the digital marketing part as well. Yeah. So my course in from that point that time, it was the campaign part on marketplaces and still it is. But the add ons are the operation part as well. Okay. So my journey is like that Got it. Along with the advertisement, which is, I mean campaign creation you said and operations. Do you have, do you have to work on the product page optimization, that kind of stuff? Definitely. Okay. Definitely. See, even though I have a team for cataloging and all, for now I'm talking about the present scenario, but I have to give my inputs, obviously. I have to do the SEO. I have to build the SEO related content. Obviously without that we can't, we can't sell on marketplaces. Right. We can't be on. Of course. Yeah. So I do that part by myself, only the content. It's just like they have to create the creatives. That's it. But the more or less the content part is with me only. Got it. Okay. Yeah. I do take care of a plus title bullet points and everything. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Well, Sandeep, you know you told me a little bit about how you got into this and what you do now. You're looking for a new opportunity. It seems like that. So what will be, what are you looking for exactly? What would be the ideal job situation for you? See in this company, I am from like past one and a half year, I guess. Yeah. I completed. I got a bonus as well, to be frank. But the thing is two, two things are there actually. I was working from home from past two months. From one and a half months, I guess. Yeah, something like that. One month only. But due to my medical urgencies and all. Okay. So now the company is like, they are strictly against the work from home policy. Oh. Since it was me who was the. Like, I am on, I'm at the senior position. That's why they allowed it. But they, they, they don't entertain the work from home culture. To be frank. Yeah. It's from us only. The. The owners is like, is completely against the work from home policy. Okay. So that is the major reason of this thing, as your, as this position is like completely remote. Right. So yeah, I'm looking for the opportunities from where I can. From like I can work from home, basically. To be frank. This is, this is the major reason. Secondly, one and a half year and one more thing is there. The second part is like they are not acquiring new clients. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Like there are plenty of clients and we are doing good with them. Okay. Because two of them, two of the brands are like very, very known brands in India. Okay. And I'm handling those brands as well. And one of the brand, one brand is there, which is in us. Okay. So I'm handling that brand as well. So. But we are not. The sales people are not. I. I can't say this thing, but yeah, we are not acquiring new clients. Okay. So I'm waiting for new challenges, new opportunities. That's the thing. So you, you would be happy if you got to work on new clients. That is the, that is another reason you're saying. Yes, that is one of the reasons. I see. Got it. And apart from that, it looks like everything is good. You are, you're getting paid well and you are happy with the work environment, with whatever you're doing. More or less. Yes. See, no offense to the company. Not at all. No offense to the culture. Work or working culture. Okay. At this level, we, we think of these things only, right? Yeah. So to be frank, there's no such scenario, like worse world culture and all these things. Everything is fine. This is the one big reason. Which is. Yeah. Which is my health issue. What happened to you? If you don't mind sharing. No, that's okay. I'll share. Like from first, I got caught up with a small accident. Okay. Oh. Then after that I recovered from that thing. But I'm facing civil in my stomach also. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. I'm single. That's the thing. That, that's. That's why today I, I didn't eat anything. So I rushed to the restaurant. I have. I have to eat outside. That's because of the. This thing. So two things are like, I caught up with the accident. Then I recovered from that part. Yeah. Again, this stomach pain and all. Yeah. So I'm still suffering. Maybe. Maybe I need to get a. It operate for Stone, I guess. Oh, that's a serious situation. Yeah. Yeah. Where are you originally from by the way, I'm from basically. Okay. Mumbai. Mumbai is my native is. But I brought born and brought up in Mumbai. Okay. Then I came to Bangalore. Bangalore. And you're staying there on your own for the job. Will you move back to Mumbai if you had a remote position? Yes, definitely. Okay. Yeah. You know what Sandeep? Well, thanks for giving me the background and everything now. Well, it looks like you are working in, in a company that is quite established. They have some well known clients and you have been doing pretty well there. Now in terms of your salary expectations, what did you expect? So right now I'm getting a 60 kn. Yeah. So I got a bonus of one LPA from the, from October last year. Yeah. So this is the current thing. So you're at 7.2 lpa right now. And what would you expect? What would you expect? See, to be frank, I, I don't have any numbers in my mind. That's just like my situation and all those things, whatever. And my experience. So I'm, I, I don't have any numbers in my mind to be frank. I'm telling you if I get the same, same, same, same number. No, no, to be fine. I don't, don't go after money. Okay. That's my thing. Yeah. I'm sharing with you personally this thing that I don't go after the money. It's just like I want an opportunity and which can, you know, relate to my situation as well. Right. Well that's the thing. I understand that Sandeep. Here's. I also want to be transparent with you. I mean here you see we are looking for somebody with like two to four years of experience whereas you have a lot more. And we are offering. It's also mentioned in the job posting very clearly. It's. We are thinking somewhere around 4 lakh, maybe we'll be flexible, a little bit more flexible. But then that's what we are looking for. And it looks, I mean it looks so different from what you, you get paid right now. Right. So in that situation I don't think it will be, I mean it will be a good fit. I don't think so. Yeah. I'll add one thing in this. I went through the JD completely and the perks as well. Okay. If I go with the work from home thing then I am eventually saving the money because I'll work from my place only. Right. I can be with my family wherever I go. Okay. So I'm saving it. So money is again not the constraint for me if we go. But I need One thing and I, I'll make sure about it that if we grow. Okay, if you tell me like if we grow, then after six months we can do the same. What I'm getting now, then I'm, I'm completely happy with this. I'm telling you. Okay. Okay. So you mean. That's my point. You mean you want to grow with the company? That is your point here? Yes, yes, yes. And I'll make sure because after six months you'll be like, okay, how much you want? Yeah, take it because. Okay, be fine. That's, that's me. Okay, that's me. That's the thing. All right, sounds good. And you know what? A few more things that I would like to ask you here. This industry is ever changing. There are so many new things that are happening. Even if you just consider Amazon, I don't know how much of it. Oh well, you manage the North American market anyway, so there are so many changes happening. Even if you talk about just Amazon, Amazon's own portal or advertisement, they're launching so many new things. Things. There are so many things. Yes. From transparency to everything from brand analytics. Yeah. I like see personally what I do, I follow few of the blogs so I get insights about my Amazon and the changes on Amazon. Okay. So. And I'm, I'm working on Amazon.com right. So. So I, I'm quite aware about the changes. Got it. Okay. Daily basis or monthly basis, whatever the changes? I'm quite aware about those things. Yeah. Okay. Because I'm working on dot com. There's a brand, Professor Amos, which based out in the US and then pay too little. And all these brands are from US only. That's right. Yes they are. Yeah. And I have ever worked on us, uae, the and EU as well. Okay. That's the thing. Yeah, sounds good. Now in terms of the work hours, Sandeep, we are based in Canada. Right. So I mean I'm not going to ask you to work the entire EST work hours because that's going to be very absurd because you see 9am EST to 5:30pm let's say that would mean in India it will be 6:30 to 3:00am that's impossible. Like 3:00am I'm not going to do that. That's just like a torture. But then there has to be a significant overlap. By that I mean there has to be an overlap of at least one. One shift. So 9am to 1p 1/2. I mean 9am to 1pm so that would be like 6:30 to 11:30. So are you comfortable with those completely. As I told you, I live with my family. I mean, I'll sleep for the day and then I'll work at the night. Yeah, yeah. I mean you, you don't have to stay awake all night either. It's just. I'm asking. I don't, I don't ask. Yeah, that's okay. That's okay. I'll. I'll. It's completely okay for me. It's manageable and yeah, I can put my efforts. Got it. Awesome. Okay. And you know what? I think that one more thing that I would love to do is before I have, there is an extra. But before I go there, I mean, have you got a chance to go through the job post and about the role, Learn about the role, what you have to do. Are you okay with it? Yeah, I'm okay with those things because I went through the JD more or less. Yeah. Like with same what I was doing before, like two years back or one year back and still I'm doing those things but in a, in a enhanced version. Got it. So, yeah, I'm okay with the gtn. Awesome. All right, Sandeep, so the next step, what I'll say is I will send you. It's an assessment. Like it's like a real life client situation. Let's say we are going to onboard a client, new client. So they are in a specific situation. So first of all you'll have to understand the situation and what their objectives are. I'll give you that context. Sure. And yeah, and what you have to do is you have to create a plan for the first 30 days. I'll mention all these things in the assessment. What I'll request is if you are sincere about this, I'll request you to take some time and give me a response in it. As. I mean it should be as detailed as possible. As detailed as you can think of. Sure, sure. Sounds good. I'll. I'll make it in my words like, I'll. I'll put completely like whatever my knowledge is. Sure, yeah, sounds awesome. Sounds good. And if you need any report in case you don't have Access to Helium 10, do you have access tools like that right now? Yeah, I'm using it. But I can use right now because it's. It's a paid version given by the company. Yes. So yeah, I can't use that. So sorry for that. Yes. No, no, that's fine. So that's why I wanted to talk about it. So in case you need certain reports from Helium 10. Now let me know which what you need and I'll create that report and send it to you. Great, that's great. Yeah that's interesting actually. Yeah, well, so that is it from my side. Unless you want to ask something. Yeah, definitely. So like I need to know a little bit of bit of your working and the company. Okay. Yeah, like you guys are completely into service providing thing and all or the own brands. Well apart whatever it is. Well, yes, so we are, we. It's an agency that's. We're trying to grow. We are focused on providing services and it's a good question that you asked. We even though we are primarily doing Amazon right now, our goal is not just to stay limited to Amazon. We work with primarily with CPG brands, consumer product goods brands. So anything health supplement, food, cosmetic items, anything that needs repeat purchase basically. And our goal is to provide services to those companies across for any e commerce platform. So that means Amazon is one second is Walmart Eventually. Instacart is another one that we have done. Costco online is something that we have done but there are other platforms to target if we can get into that. We have never done that but for now we are primarily focused on Amazon and would love to get started with Walmart. That's another thing that we are actively trying to do for our clients. And apart from that, since you asked if we also have our own brands or not, we don't at this point. But you know what we think that, I mean we are working with clients, all that is fine. But then we also get to see so many opportunities. So it was particularly my thought that what if I take advantage of some of those opportunities and launch and we don't have to make that our main thing. What if we launch some new items and see how that works out because we have all the expertise, right? Correct. Yeah. If you're doing good for someone, why not for yourself? Yeah, yeah. That is the thought process. That's cool. One more question is that so if this position is like fill in position or a completely new position. This is a completely new position. Okay, great. What's the reason you're asking? No, I'm just asking like you know, if it's a new position then someone is already working in, in this thing and who are they? Like those, this is the you know, take out of it. Yeah. And fill in position that there is like okay, someone has left the company or you know, I just wanted to understand that part of me. Well, you know the reason we are hiring someone we are very small by the way, three people at this point and what is not happening is the company is kind of stagnant. So the reason is that we are not working on the growth of the company. If. If you don't work on the growth of the company, how will it grow? So why is that happening? Because our plates are already full with the existing clients. So most of our time is going into talking to our clients, providing the servicing the clients. That's where our times are going. So the goal is to get some help with doing the actual work, the client fulfillment and also some operations and the day to day so that we can think about how we can grow our company. That may mean doing some networking. So maybe we can do something on LinkedIn, we can focus on content marketing, those kind of stuff. Yeah, so that's the reason we are thinking of hiring somebody at this point so that, you know, we can actually work on the growth aspect of it. That's quite. Yeah, good. That's it from my end. Yeah. Sandeep, one more thing before you go. I'd like to clarify is, you see, we are in Canada. We don't have any establishment in India. So in order for a company to hire someone as an employee in India, for tax reasons, they have to have an establishment in India, which you don't. So that means you will be like a contractor. Everything will be the same, but you will be like a contractor. Is that fine with you? Okay. Yeah, that's okay. That's okay. Awesome. All right, so I'll be sending you the assessment in the chat. Do you think you'll be able to get back to me by Wednesday? Right? Yeah, sounds good to you? Yes, yes, it's completed. Awesome. All right then. That is it from my end. Sandeep, I'll talk to you later. Yeah, yeah, have a wonderful day. Same. Thank you so much. Thanks for your time. Yeah, thank you. Yeah, bye now. Take care of yourself. Yeah, you too. You too. Get well soon. Yeah, bye now. Yeah, thank you. Yeah, yeah, definitely. Thank you so much. Yeah, bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Yeah, how are you doing today, Sandeep? I don't know, I couldn't hear you.

Speaker B: I didn't, I didn't get.

Speaker A: Well, I was asking how are you doing now?

Speaker B: Hello?

Speaker A: Hey, Sandeep, can you hear me?

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm doing great, I'm doing great. How are you doing?

Speaker A: Well, yes, yes, I think there is

Speaker B: a. I'm audible to you. Hello?

Speaker A: Yes, I can hear you, but I think there is a lag. So whatever yours. There's a delay between what you're saying

Speaker B: and because of the network, I guess.

Speaker A: Yeah, well, if, if it helps, I

Speaker B: don't know, sorry for that.

Speaker A: Yeah, if it helps, maybe we can do it with the video off. I don't know if that will help.

Speaker B: Yeah, please, let's try for that.

Speaker A: Yeah. Hello? Yeah, I think it's better now.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's better. I can hear you clearly, but maybe the network issues from my side, that's why.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's. Let's see if we can manage. Well, so first of all, yeah, thank you so much for attending the call. You. Are you calling from a cafe by the way?

Speaker B: Yeah, I just came outside actually. I went to meet my doctor then I didn't had anything so I was.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Eating outside, so.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: I got late actually, so I like. Let's, let's first connect for the interview and have outside only.

Speaker A: Oh, so are you in a rush to do something else after this?

Speaker B: No, no, no, no, no, I'm completely free. It was, it's. It was like just. I was angry, that's why I was waiting for my phone. Yeah, yeah, that's it.

Speaker A: All right, well, so you know, I took a look at your resume. I see that you have been working in a company called Age High Voltage Solution. I have gone through your resume, but I wanted to hear from you about. I mean, was this, is this mostly about Amazon as the e commerce platform or do you have to deal with many other platforms at the same time?

Speaker B: Yeah, so the, my current profile is of e commerce expert. Being in the Audi Global company, I'm not just handling the Amazon part, but it's all about the all marketplaces and e commerce business as well.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: So other marketplaces like Amazon US India, after that, Walmart, Welfare Overstock, Zulily I used to do, but not in this company. And one more. Is that Lowe's and Home Depot.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay, so all those U S companies. All those U S marketplaces.

Speaker B: Yep, yep.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: More or less.

Speaker A: Yes, I see this company, is it based in Bangalore? Is it, Is this an Indian company?

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. So the company is the parent. Like the people who runs the company owns the company. Basically they are from us. Okay. And the people who runs the company all are Indians only. Okay. So there's. Yeah, there's one guy, Ganesh who is the director of the company and companies kind of you can consider a startup or more than that. But like we have completed some around eight years. Eight to eight to ten years. And based out in Bangalore. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Bangalore, U.S. philippine and China, I guess.

Speaker A: Oh, I see. And you are based in Bangalore.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Where things are happening. Yeah. Well, so what do you have to do on a day to day basis? I just want to get an understanding of you know, how it looks like.

Speaker B: Definitely. So as I told you, I'm at the position of E commerce expert. So I'm managing a team of four to five people. Okay. Not a big team, but yeah. So I'm handling the entire. Completely the operations part. Like I have to look after the cross functional teams for order processing, graphic designing, production and you know, with the sales team as well. I have to coordinate with all of the cross functional team. So. Yeah, by myself. Sorry, excuse me. By myself. I do like reporting part is with me only. I'm taking care of the entire reporting thing and all those things. Creation of report planning, plotting, forecasting of inventory and everything for the client as well. And for our own brands as well. Like there are four or five brands. The of the one, one of the brand name is pay too little. Okay. So there are different brands. 5, 5, 5, 6 brands in house brands. And there are clients, different clients also. So. Yeah, yeah. Kind of a service provider and handling their own business as well.

Speaker A: Okay. Which one is their primary business? Is it client handling?

Speaker B: Yes. Being in India. Yeah. More it's service provided. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, so you work with different companies, different clients and also provide services, I mean any E commerce platform related services to them. Okay, I see.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yes.

Speaker A: And I mean how did you get into this domain? You have been in this domain since 2018. I see. How did you get into this domain?

Speaker B: So it's like. See I didn't pursued for anything like engineering and all to be frank. Okay. I completed my HSC from Science Stream and then I tried for engineering but I was not eligible. Okay. I'm. I'm being too frank. That's okay. Yeah, yeah. That's then after that I pursued for a diploma and during the summer vacation, all those vacation time I was just, you know, I started knowing about E commerce from. From my close friend. Okay. He Was like, would you like to join a company? I'll help you in this part. I said okay. From there I started. I started as a cataloger. I joined a company, Blue Box. As a cataloger.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So I used to do cataloging for that company for different clients as well. So from there my journey started after. After seven or eight months the company was like about to shut or they change their. This thing, the business. So. So I thought let's not just talk with the cataloging part. Why not try the other things, other aspects of E commerce. So I started learning about the campaign part on different marketplaces as well as non. You can say some, some of the digital marketing part as well.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So my course in from that point that time, it was the campaign part on marketplaces and still it is. But the add ons are the operation part as well. Okay. So my journey is like that Got it.

Speaker A: Along with the advertisement, which is, I mean campaign creation you said and operations. Do you have, do you have to work on the product page optimization, that kind of stuff?

Speaker B: Definitely. Okay. Definitely. See, even though I have a team for cataloging and all, for now I'm talking about the present scenario, but I have to give my inputs, obviously. I have to do the SEO. I have to build the SEO related content. Obviously without that we can't, we can't sell on marketplaces. Right. We can't be on.

Speaker A: Of course.

Speaker B: Yeah. So I do that part by myself, only the content. It's just like they have to create the creatives. That's it. But the more or less the content part is with me only.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. I do take care of a plus title bullet points and everything.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: Well, Sandeep, you know you told me a little bit about how you got into this and what you do now. You're looking for a new opportunity. It seems like that. So what will be, what are you looking for exactly? What would be the ideal job situation for you?

Speaker B: See in this company, I am from like past one and a half year, I guess.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: I completed. I got a bonus as well, to be frank. But the thing is two, two things are there actually. I was working from home from past two months. From one and a half months, I guess. Yeah, something like that. One month only. But due to my medical urgencies and all. Okay. So now the company is like, they are strictly against the work from home policy. Oh. Since it was me who was the. Like, I am on, I'm at the senior position. That's why they allowed it. But they, they, they don't entertain the work from home culture. To be frank. Yeah. It's from us only. The. The owners is like, is completely against the work from home policy. Okay. So that is the major reason of this thing, as your, as this position is like completely remote. Right. So yeah, I'm looking for the opportunities from where I can. From like I can work from home, basically. To be frank. This is, this is the major reason. Secondly, one and a half year and one more thing is there. The second part is like they are not acquiring new clients.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. Like there are plenty of clients and we are doing good with them. Okay. Because two of them, two of the brands are like very, very known brands in India. Okay. And I'm handling those brands as well. And one of the brand, one brand is there, which is in us. Okay. So I'm handling that brand as well. So. But we are not. The sales people are not. I. I can't say this thing, but yeah, we are not acquiring new clients. Okay. So I'm waiting for new challenges, new opportunities. That's the thing.

Speaker A: So you, you would be happy if you got to work on new clients. That is the, that is another reason you're saying.

Speaker B: Yes, that is one of the reasons.

Speaker A: I see. Got it. And apart from that, it looks like everything is good. You are, you're getting paid well and you are happy with the work environment, with whatever you're doing. More or less.

Speaker B: Yes. See, no offense to the company. Not at all. No offense to the culture. Work or working culture. Okay. At this level, we, we think of these things only, right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So to be frank, there's no such scenario, like worse world culture and all these things. Everything is fine. This is the one big reason. Which is. Yeah. Which is my health issue.

Speaker A: What happened to you? If you don't mind sharing.

Speaker B: No, that's okay. I'll share. Like from first, I got caught up with a small accident. Okay. Oh. Then after that I recovered from that thing. But I'm facing civil in my stomach also.

Speaker A: Oh, okay.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. I'm single. That's the thing. That, that's. That's why today I, I didn't eat anything. So I rushed to the restaurant. I have. I have to eat outside. That's because of the. This thing. So two things are like, I caught up with the accident. Then I recovered from that part.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Again, this stomach pain and all.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So I'm still suffering. Maybe. Maybe I need to get a. It operate for Stone, I guess.

Speaker A: Oh, that's a serious situation.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Where are you originally from by the

Speaker B: way, I'm from basically.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Mumbai. Mumbai is my native is. But I brought born and brought up in Mumbai.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Then I came to Bangalore.

Speaker A: Bangalore. And you're staying there on your own for the job. Will you move back to Mumbai if you had a remote position?

Speaker B: Yes, definitely. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: You know what Sandeep? Well, thanks for giving me the background and everything now. Well, it looks like you are working in, in a company that is quite established. They have some well known clients and you have been doing pretty well there. Now in terms of your salary expectations, what did you expect?

Speaker B: So right now I'm getting a 60 kn. Yeah. So I got a bonus of one LPA from the, from October last year. Yeah. So this is the current thing.

Speaker A: So you're at 7.2 lpa right now. And what would you expect? What would you expect?

Speaker B: See, to be frank, I, I don't have any numbers in my mind. That's just like my situation and all those things, whatever. And my experience. So I'm, I, I don't have any numbers in my mind to be frank. I'm telling you if I get the same, same, same, same number. No, no, to be fine. I don't, don't go after money. Okay. That's my thing. Yeah. I'm sharing with you personally this thing that I don't go after the money. It's just like I want an opportunity and which can, you know, relate to my situation as well. Right. Well that's the thing.

Speaker A: I understand that Sandeep. Here's. I also want to be transparent with you. I mean here you see we are looking for somebody with like two to four years of experience whereas you have a lot more. And we are offering. It's also mentioned in the job posting very clearly.

Speaker B: It's.

Speaker A: We are thinking somewhere around 4 lakh, maybe we'll be flexible, a little bit more flexible. But then that's what we are looking for. And it looks, I mean it looks so different from what you, you get paid right now. Right. So in that situation I don't think it will be, I mean it will

Speaker B: be a good fit.

Speaker A: I don't think so.

Speaker B: Yeah. I'll add one thing in this. I went through the JD completely and the perks as well. Okay. If I go with the work from home thing then I am eventually saving the money because I'll work from my place only. Right. I can be with my family wherever I go. Okay. So I'm saving it. So money is again not the constraint for me if we go. But I need One thing and I, I'll make sure about it that if we grow. Okay, if you tell me like if we grow, then after six months we can do the same. What I'm getting now, then I'm, I'm completely happy with this. I'm telling you. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So you mean. That's my point.

Speaker A: You mean you want to grow with the company? That is your point here?

Speaker B: Yes, yes, yes. And I'll make sure because after six months you'll be like, okay, how much you want? Yeah, take it because. Okay, be fine. That's, that's me. Okay, that's me. That's the thing.

Speaker A: All right, sounds good. And you know what? A few more things that I would like to ask you here. This industry is ever changing. There are so many new things that are happening. Even if you just consider Amazon, I don't know how much of it. Oh well, you manage the North American market anyway, so there are so many changes happening. Even if you talk about just Amazon, Amazon's own portal or advertisement, they're launching

Speaker B: so many new things. Things.

Speaker A: There are so many things.

Speaker B: Yes. From transparency to everything from brand analytics.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: I like see personally what I do, I follow few of the blogs so I get insights about my Amazon and the changes on Amazon. Okay. So. And I'm, I'm working on Amazon.com right. So. So I, I'm quite aware about the changes. Got it. Okay. Daily basis or monthly basis, whatever the changes? I'm quite aware about those things. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Because I'm working on dot com. There's a brand, Professor Amos, which based out in the US and then pay too little. And all these brands are from US only.

Speaker A: That's right. Yes they are.

Speaker B: Yeah. And I have ever worked on us, uae, the and EU as well. Okay. That's the thing.

Speaker A: Yeah, sounds good. Now in terms of the work hours, Sandeep, we are based in Canada. Right. So I mean I'm not going to ask you to work the entire EST work hours because that's going to be very absurd because you see 9am EST to 5:30pm let's say that would mean in India it will be 6:30 to 3:00am that's impossible. Like 3:00am I'm not going to do that. That's just like a torture. But then there has to be a significant overlap. By that I mean there has to be an overlap of at least one. One shift. So 9am to 1p 1/2. I mean 9am to 1pm so that would be like 6:30 to 11:30. So are you comfortable with those completely.

Speaker B: As I told you, I live with my family. I mean, I'll sleep for the day and then I'll work at the night.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. I mean you, you don't have to stay awake all night either. It's just. I'm asking. I don't, I don't ask.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's okay. That's okay. I'll. I'll. It's completely okay for me. It's manageable and yeah, I can put my efforts.

Speaker A: Got it. Awesome.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And you know what? I think that one more thing that I would love to do is before I have, there is an extra. But before I go there, I mean, have you got a chance to go through the job post and about the role, Learn about the role, what you have to do. Are you okay with it?

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm okay with those things because I went through the JD more or less. Yeah. Like with same what I was doing before, like two years back or one year back and still I'm doing those things but in a, in a enhanced version.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: So, yeah, I'm okay with the gtn.

Speaker A: Awesome. All right, Sandeep, so the next step, what I'll say is I will send you. It's an assessment. Like it's like a real life client situation. Let's say we are going to onboard a client, new client. So they are in a specific situation. So first of all you'll have to understand the situation and what their objectives are. I'll give you that context.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: And yeah, and what you have to do is you have to create a plan for the first 30 days. I'll mention all these things in the assessment. What I'll request is if you are sincere about this, I'll request you to take some time and give me a response in it.

Speaker B: As.

Speaker A: I mean it should be as detailed as possible. As detailed as you can think of.

Speaker B: Sure, sure.

Speaker A: Sounds good.

Speaker B: I'll. I'll make it in my words like, I'll. I'll put completely like whatever my knowledge is.

Speaker A: Sure, yeah, sounds awesome. Sounds good. And if you need any report in case you don't have Access to Helium 10, do you have access tools like that right now?

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm using it. But I can use right now because it's. It's a paid version given by the company.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: So yeah, I can't use that. So sorry for that. Yes.

Speaker A: No, no, that's fine. So that's why I wanted to talk about it. So in case you need certain reports from Helium 10. Now let me know which what you need and I'll create that report and send it to you.

Speaker B: Great, that's great. Yeah that's interesting actually.

Speaker A: Yeah, well, so that is it from my side. Unless you want to ask something.

Speaker B: Yeah, definitely. So like I need to know a little bit of bit of your working and the company. Okay. Yeah, like you guys are completely into service providing thing and all or the own brands. Well apart whatever it is.

Speaker A: Well, yes, so we are, we. It's an agency that's. We're trying to grow. We are focused on providing services and it's a good question that you asked. We even though we are primarily doing Amazon right now, our goal is not just to stay limited to Amazon. We work with primarily with CPG brands, consumer product goods brands. So anything health supplement, food, cosmetic items, anything that needs repeat purchase basically. And our goal is to provide services to those companies across for any e commerce platform. So that means Amazon is one second is Walmart Eventually. Instacart is another one that we have done. Costco online is something that we have done but there are other platforms to target if we can get into that. We have never done that but for now we are primarily focused on Amazon and would love to get started with Walmart. That's another thing that we are actively trying to do for our clients. And apart from that, since you asked if we also have our own brands or not, we don't at this point. But you know what we think that, I mean we are working with clients, all that is fine. But then we also get to see so many opportunities. So it was particularly my thought that what if I take advantage of some of those opportunities and launch and we don't have to make that our main thing. What if we launch some new items and see how that works out because we have all the expertise, right?

Speaker B: Correct.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: If you're doing good for someone, why not for yourself?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. That is the thought process.

Speaker B: That's cool. One more question is that so if this position is like fill in position or a completely new position.

Speaker A: This is a completely new position.

Speaker B: Okay, great.

Speaker A: What's the reason you're asking?

Speaker B: No, I'm just asking like you know, if it's a new position then someone is already working in, in this thing and who are they? Like those, this is the you know, take out of it.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And fill in position that there is like okay, someone has left the company or you know, I just wanted to understand that part of me.

Speaker A: Well, you know the reason we are hiring someone we are very small by the way, three people at this point and what is not happening is the company is kind of stagnant. So the reason is that we are not working on the growth of the company. If. If you don't work on the growth of the company, how will it grow? So why is that happening? Because our plates are already full with the existing clients. So most of our time is going into talking to our clients, providing the servicing the clients. That's where our times are going. So the goal is to get some help with doing the actual work, the client fulfillment and also some operations and the day to day so that we can think about how we can grow our company. That may mean doing some networking. So maybe we can do something on LinkedIn, we can focus on content marketing, those kind of stuff. Yeah, so that's the reason we are thinking of hiring somebody at this point so that, you know, we can actually work on the growth aspect of it.

Speaker B: That's quite. Yeah, good. That's it from my end.

Speaker A: Yeah. Sandeep, one more thing before you go. I'd like to clarify is, you see, we are in Canada. We don't have any establishment in India. So in order for a company to hire someone as an employee in India, for tax reasons, they have to have an establishment in India, which you don't. So that means you will be like a contractor. Everything will be the same, but you will be like a contractor. Is that fine with you?

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, that's okay.

Speaker A: That's okay. Awesome. All right, so I'll be sending you the assessment in the chat. Do you think you'll be able to get back to me by Wednesday?

Speaker B: Right? Yeah, sounds good to you? Yes, yes, it's completed.

Speaker A: Awesome. All right then. That is it from my end. Sandeep, I'll talk to you later. Yeah, yeah, have a wonderful day.

Speaker B: Same. Thank you so much. Thanks for your time. Yeah, thank you.

Speaker A: Yeah, bye now.

Speaker B: Take care of yourself.

Speaker A: Yeah, you too. You too. Get well soon. Yeah, bye now.

Speaker B: Yeah, thank you. Yeah, yeah, definitely. Thank you so much.

Speaker A: Yeah, bye.

