Transcript for: Recording__17 (1).mp4
Title: Recording #171
============================================================

Yeah, because I think like I know we can just turn it on. Yeah, technically. But I just don't remember if there was. Because like some items might not need the ice packs. That's the only thing. So I can't remember. Sorry, give me one second. Okay. It's only one of these. I know. I found it when I wasn't looking for it and I was like, oh, that'll come and help in handy. And then. Okay, I'm making some changes here. If it's not this document, I give up. But I think it is. One second. Okay, no problem. Okay. That was it. So she just says yeah to change it to yes to all the products that need it. So these ones. Yes. Bars, bombs, cracks for sure. Okay. Keep going down. Oh yeah, sure. I thought you were in a different document. Until James. I have marked it. Yes. Then joy burst and then keto gems and then in our all shake. Oh, this one is also. If I can't see any products, then I need to update this sheet as well. Right? Yeah. If there's products that are not on here and they need size pack, then I have to update it here. The keto bombs two pack. You have to turn on row 55. Yeah. 56, 57. All the way to 59. Yeah. Yep. 63. 64 to 66. I don't think the snack tracks need it. Snacks. No, still I will do it. No, I don't think they need it. Just for. Keto cookies is not meltable. Right. Is it? I don't think so. And yeah, you don't need it for snack tracks. So for 67 you can turn it off. Yeah. And one more question. We have now three pack, not two pack. Right. So it's a three pack. Yeah. Yep. But yeah, it doesn't need ice packs. I don't think. So. Yeah, turn off row 67. I think the rest is fine. It turn on the F463 and 64. 62364. Oh, sorry. Yeah, You turn it off for tracks here as well. Sorry. Go back up. So I just drag it down. So that's why 23 and 24. You can turn it off for 23, 24. Okay. Okay. So let's just try running the report then and see what happens. If we need to correct anything, we can correct something. Okay. So I think I have to update the report. I have already done that. Wait. Okay, so if we scroll over. Where is the ice pack? So the ice pack is the. So if you scroll back over, the ice pack is the SKU that says CCS STDGP 6. Oh, this one. Okay. So that's the ice pack. And then the one below it is the cool shield. So it's like a silver wrapping that goes around the products that the ice pack doesn't like. The condensation doesn't make the product wet. So you always need minimum two ice packs and then one. It's always gonna be one cool shield. So looking at this, it seems like it did it right. I'm just kind of scrolling down here a bit. So, like, the joy burst, it didn't give it any. The cookies didn't get any of these shells, though. It gave it four. But here I have to change it because Sean said that after two units, if we add one unit. Yeah, this. Yeah, I don't know. I'm guessing they didn't do that many. This one. One unit is two ice pack, then for each unit, one ice pack. Yeah, you're correct. So we usually. So it's three. It should be three, right? Because. Yes. Yeah, it should be three. And then. Yes, that one. Yep. Should be three. What is this? That one you can leave as four. It's two units. Okay, you. You do it. We'll just make it easy. You can put it to three. Just put three. Three. I don't want to confuse you. This one. Three as well. So 23. You can. You can change that to three. I got confused. It would be three. Yeah, you can buy it to three. We'll just keep it easy. That's correct. That's fine. Yeah. So it was good. So I guess, yeah, this worked. So you'll have to quickly do, like we just did right now, a scan down, and if anything is a higher quantity, which usually it's not. Usually it is just going to be one item. But if there is, just quickly change it. I guess that's how Stephanie used to do it. Like manually changing the numbers from here, Right? Yeah. Unless. Yeah. I don't know how she would have done it. So. Got it. Yeah. Okay. And this will repeat here. So it's fine because this export. That's already. Okay, okay. So I will export it. Yeah. And then if we. If you see anything that needs an Aspack that doesn't have it, you can either turn it on or we can add it to the sheet if it's not already there. Um, or like, if we suddenly get a concern that, like, I don't know, like, snack tracks is melting. They won't. But, like, if we do, then, like, you could just go and turn it on. Yeah, got it. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Do you have any other questions? Actually, I was wondering if I can see what products are this. But I can't. Right. So that I know. Yeah, no, you'd have to go over to like, the Amazon backend. Right. The order report, I guess. Or. Yeah, you can check on Amazon, but you can see it here, what they are. Or you could just search the SKU into Amazon. Just have both tabs open and just search it in there. Yeah, that would be better. Because here I can't run the. Yeah, yeah, these are all us. Most of them are us orders anyways. Oh, they're sh. Together. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I guess. U.S. and Canada. The report pulls both, unfortunately. I tried to make it just do Canada, but it won't do it because the accounts are linked. Okay. Yeah, got it. Okay. Thank you so much, Tristan, for helping. I have one more question, but not regarding this. I will just stop sharing. It's really inventory, actually. Just a moment. Let me open that file. Yeah. So this is triggering the delivery discrepancy report that Green Rabbit sent and Zela senders to you and me yesterday. Sorry, what? The delivery discrepancy report that Zela sent us yesterday. Did you remember, from Green Rabbit? Oh, the disc. The discrepancy. So I was wondering, like, what should I like, do here? Like, should I think about the difference or anything? Or just go to the Green Rabbit and can check how many items we have. Because I. I was confused. Like, what do you do for this? Let me just see what she sends again. So I would just check any items that are off. So it's not a big deal if we received more than we expected. I wouldn't worry about that just because that'll just as long as we have inventory. Like, you would have already put that in. And then next time you'll just update it a bit more. Like the Plus 30 on the first item. That's fine. What I would look out for is like the no sugar chocolate caramel peanut 12 count USA those bars ending in the SKU. Ensign.908 how we were expecting 90 and we received 00. So that I would just make sure that you didn't take into account that we were receiving 90, because I think Shelke had sent you the report of what we were expecting. So she was just saying, like, if you put in already that 90 were coming, make sure you adjust that to zero, because we didn't receive them. So, like, for that item, I would just double check that you didn't put in anywhere that we had 90 on the way that you just reflect what's currently in the warehouse system. This is for Green Rabbit, so this will be for Shopify and Amazon. So I'll just double check that item reflects what's in Green Rabbit's portal. Not what we were expecting, that's all. Yeah, but when you do the weekly inventory check, you check from the Green Rabbit only, right? Like, yeah, so we always check from Green Rabbit. So they'll always show what they received. So they should be reflecting what they're telling us here. I think it was just because Jelka had sent us the report on what we were shipping to Green Rabbit. So it was just in case you had inputted that as like it's on the way, just readjust it. But if you never inputted that, which you don't need to, if we have inventory, it's fine. It's more a heads up. So if we're out of something and you receive like a what's shipping to Green Rabbit report, then you know to look out for that. But I wouldn't ever input it until it's in Green Rabbit system. Because things like this can happen. Right. So I always go by Green Rabbit system. So if you're saying that you only ever inputted per Green Rabbit system, then you could just disregard this. Unless you're doing anything with inventory, like moving forward, I don't know if you'll be handling like the differences and like these reports, like if you'd look into this or not. I don't know the scope of how you'll be handling inventory, but in terms of like Amazon Shopify, you wouldn't need to adjust anything. Yeah, I just have to follow the grain Rabbit. Right? What if it's showing there that. Yeah. Okay. And in this same report, I have one more question regarding the last two product. It says WM and I was actually looking for the product. Do we sell this on Amazon? No. Right. So we don't sell these on Amazon. We have them on Shopify. They might be without the WM though. We use both SKUs interchangeably, I think. But I think we have just one of them on Shopify. I think it might be just mint and not peanut butter. And we are not supposed to send on sale on Amazon. Right. This product, it's not on Amazon. No. Okay. That was my doubt because I was looking for the inventory after she sent me the report, just to check. So that's why I saw that. Yeah, no, we don't have that one on Amazon. So you're good with that one. We use that mainly for samples Through Shopify. Okay, sounds good. Thank you. I have just one, like, one more question regarding the weekly inventory check that you do. So I was thinking that from. From this week, will I do that or you will continue like. Like you will continue as you did before, what we will do for the weekly inventory check for this week. So you will do like you. You used to do, or do you want me to start? It's up to you. How would. How would you like to do it? Do you want us to hop on and do it all together again? Did you want to try handling it and see how it goes? Do you want, like, just us to do it? Have you been uploading Costco or has Alexis been uploading Costco Still. Alexis is still doing that because I, like, we have done that together the last day, but I want to do with her just to make sure that I'm doing right, like, as I did for, like with you, the. For the Amazon. So, yeah, I do that with her on Wednesday. That means tomorrow. Then after that, maybe I will hand over that. But for Shopify and Amazon, I think I can do that. It's pretty easy. So is it okay if I start going from this week and if I have any question that I can reach out to you? Yeah, absolutely. If you want to give it a try, I'll cancel that meeting if you want to give it a go. And then if you need to, you can just schedule whatever Zoom meeting. You can email me. You can. I don't know if you can teams me, but you can try. Yeah, just reach out to me and I can definitely help you with that. Okay. In regard to that, I have just one question, that is regarding the expiry dates. So, like, how do you keep that in account while doing the inventory check? So if something's less than six months, I let Jelka know. Okay. And then she'll let you know if we're okay to keep selling it or not, or she can adjust the price, what have you. So I. There's a report you can put on Green Rabbit to check that. So I wouldn't do it like as. I mean, I guess you could do it as you check inventory, but it's a different report. You can just quickly pull and see. And then, yeah, I just let her know if anything's less than six months. Usually if it's less than two, we don't sell it online anymore. But under six, I always just email her and let her know because this way she can discount it or if we're getting a lot of complaints, she can say, just don't sell it online. Um, so yeah, Ottawa is super easy to check in the expiry dates. It's on that list. Yeah. Green Rabbit, there's a. I can show you. There's a report you can pull. Okay, let me show you. Sorry. Can you enable screen sharing? Oh, yeah, just don't. Wait how to do that. Sorry, I don't know on. Do you know how to enable that? Because I have never done that before. Like how to enable the screen sharing? Like, where is the option? Okay, so if you go to the. There's like a little arrow beside the share screen button on like the top right. If you click that, just click multi participant can share screen or whatever. Yeah. Can you check now? No problem. Yep. Okay. Can you see my screen? Okay, so I'm just logging in. Okay. So you can go to expiring inventory. Okay, I showed you how, like when you do item details, you can click the little magnifying glass, but it kind of takes forever to do. So if you go to this report and then just do line detail and then when you export it, it should show all of the lines of. Okay, the next expiry. That's pretty quick. Yeah. So now you can see this is our sku. And then you see the expiration date is November. These ones are merge and it'll tell you like if it's in California or. I forget what state this is, but it's the east coast. We have one warehouse. Is west ones east? I think it's Indiana or something. But so yeah, you can see like this one's August 2024. This one's pretty soon. But we only have 38 left. Again, I would just pull anything that's less than six months. Maybe like filter this to anything less than six months and send that report to Jalka and just let her know and then she can decide if we want to. Like, Like, I probably wouldn't discount this. I probably just sell through the 38 and we still have until October. Oh, sorry, this isn't the quantity. Sorry. Quantity is 25. They pull the inventory. I guess it's 30 days before it expires. They'll stop selling it, but I always watch out because sometimes they don't and they'll keep selling it. So it's a good idea to check this report. I would pull it like weekly and then you can see what's going to expire. Let Jelka know. And then if anything is expired, you can even let Green Rabbit know. If they haven't pulled it yet, we've had that before where they kept selling it and no one knew it was expired, so. Okay, great. But yeah, it's a super easy report to pull and for Ottawa. Just have to check from the stock status, right? Yep. It tells you right there. Yeah, you can export that if you like. You can keep it, like, just in their portal if you want. Whatever works for you. Okay, cool. That was all my questions. Thank you for answering. Yeah, no problem. If you have any other questions, let me know. Okay. Okay. Have a great day, too. Thank you. Bye. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Yeah, because I think like I know we can just turn it on.

Speaker B: Yeah, technically.

Speaker A: But I just don't remember if there was. Because like some items might not need the ice packs. That's the only thing. So I can't remember. Sorry, give me one second. Okay. It's only one of these. I know. I found it when I wasn't looking for it and I was like, oh, that'll come and help in handy. And then.

Speaker B: Okay, I'm making some changes here.

Speaker A: If it's not this document, I give up. But I think it is. One second.

Speaker B: Okay, no problem.

Speaker A: Okay. That was it. So she just says yeah to change it to yes to all the products that need it. So these ones. Yes. Bars, bombs, cracks for sure. Okay. Keep going down.

Speaker B: Oh yeah, sure. I thought you were in a different document. Until James. I have marked it. Yes. Then joy burst and then keto gems and then in our all shake. Oh, this one is also. If I can't see any products, then I need to update this sheet as well. Right?

Speaker A: Yeah. If there's products that are not on here

Speaker B: and they need size pack, then I have to update it here.

Speaker A: The keto bombs two pack. You have to turn on row 55.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: 56, 57. All the way to 59. Yeah. Yep. 63. 64 to 66. I don't think the snack tracks need it.

Speaker B: Snacks. No, still I will do it.

Speaker A: No, I don't think they need it.

Speaker B: Just for. Keto cookies is not meltable. Right. Is it?

Speaker A: I don't think so. And yeah, you don't need it for snack tracks. So for 67 you can turn it off.

Speaker B: Yeah. And one more question. We have now three pack, not two pack. Right.

Speaker A: So it's a three pack.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yep. But yeah, it doesn't need ice packs. I don't think. So. Yeah, turn off row 67. I think the rest is fine. It turn on the F463 and 64.

Speaker B: 62364. Oh, sorry. Yeah,

Speaker A: You turn it off for tracks here as well. Sorry. Go back up.

Speaker B: So I just drag it down.

Speaker A: So that's why 23 and 24.

Speaker B: You can turn it off for 23, 24. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. So let's just try running the report then and see what happens. If we need to correct anything, we can correct something.

Speaker B: Okay. So I think I have to update the report. I have already done that. Wait.

Speaker A: Okay, so if we scroll over.

Speaker B: Where is the ice pack?

Speaker A: So the ice pack is the. So if you scroll back over, the ice pack is the SKU that says CCS STDGP 6.

Speaker B: Oh, this one. Okay.

Speaker A: So that's the ice pack. And then the one below it is the cool shield. So it's like a silver wrapping that goes around the products that the ice pack doesn't like. The condensation doesn't make the product wet. So you always need minimum two ice packs and then one. It's always gonna be one cool shield. So looking at this, it seems like it did it right. I'm just kind of scrolling down here a bit. So, like, the joy burst, it didn't give it any. The cookies didn't get any of these shells, though. It gave it four.

Speaker B: But here I have to change it because Sean said that after two units, if we add one unit.

Speaker A: Yeah, this. Yeah, I don't know. I'm guessing they didn't do that many.

Speaker B: This one. One unit is two ice pack, then for each unit, one ice pack.

Speaker A: Yeah, you're correct. So we usually.

Speaker B: So it's three. It should be three, right? Because.

Speaker A: Yes. Yeah, it should be three. And then.

Speaker B: Yes, that one.

Speaker A: Yep. Should be three.

Speaker B: What is this?

Speaker A: That one you can leave as four. It's two units.

Speaker B: Okay, you.

Speaker A: You do it. We'll just make it easy. You can put it to three. Just put three.

Speaker B: Three.

Speaker A: I don't want to confuse you.

Speaker B: This one. Three as well.

Speaker A: So 23. You can. You can change that to three.

Speaker B: I got confused. It would be three.

Speaker A: Yeah, you can buy it to three. We'll just keep it easy.

Speaker B: That's correct.

Speaker A: That's fine. Yeah. So it was good. So I guess, yeah, this worked. So you'll have to quickly do, like we just did right now, a scan down, and if anything is a higher quantity, which usually it's not. Usually it is just going to be one item. But if there is, just quickly change it. I guess that's how Stephanie used to do it.

Speaker B: Like manually changing the numbers from here, Right?

Speaker A: Yeah. Unless. Yeah. I don't know how she would have done it.

Speaker B: So. Got it. Yeah. Okay. And this will repeat here. So it's fine because this export.

Speaker A: That's already.

Speaker B: Okay, okay. So I will export it. Yeah.

Speaker A: And then if we. If you see anything that needs an Aspack that doesn't have it, you can either turn it on or we can add it to the sheet if it's not already there. Um, or like, if we suddenly get a concern that, like, I don't know, like, snack tracks is melting. They won't. But, like, if we do, then, like, you could just go and turn it on.

Speaker B: Yeah, got it. Yeah. Okay. Cool.

Speaker A: Do you have any other questions?

Speaker B: Actually, I was wondering if I can see what products are this. But I can't. Right. So that I know.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, you'd have to go over

Speaker B: to like, the Amazon backend. Right.

Speaker A: The order report, I guess. Or. Yeah, you can check on Amazon,

Speaker B: but

Speaker A: you can see it here, what they are. Or you could just search the SKU into Amazon. Just have both tabs open and just search it in there.

Speaker B: Yeah, that would be better. Because here I can't run the.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, these are all us. Most of them are us orders anyways.

Speaker B: Oh, they're sh. Together. Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, I guess. U.S. and Canada. The report pulls both, unfortunately. I tried to make it just do Canada, but it won't do it because the accounts are linked.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, got it. Okay. Thank you so much, Tristan, for helping. I have one more question, but not regarding this. I will just stop sharing. It's really inventory, actually. Just a moment. Let me open that file. Yeah. So this is triggering the delivery discrepancy report that Green Rabbit sent and Zela senders to you and me yesterday.

Speaker A: Sorry, what?

Speaker B: The delivery discrepancy report that Zela sent us yesterday. Did you remember, from Green Rabbit?

Speaker A: Oh, the disc. The discrepancy.

Speaker B: So I was wondering, like, what should I like, do here? Like, should I think about the difference or anything? Or just go to the Green Rabbit and can check how many items we have. Because I. I was confused. Like, what do you do for this?

Speaker A: Let me just see what she sends again. So I would just check any items that are off. So it's not a big deal if we received more than we expected. I wouldn't worry about that just because that'll just as long as we have inventory. Like, you would have already put that in. And then next time you'll just update it a bit more. Like the Plus 30 on the first item. That's fine. What I would look out for is like the no sugar chocolate caramel peanut 12 count USA those bars ending in the SKU. Ensign.908 how we were expecting 90 and we received 00. So that I would just make sure that you didn't take into account that we were receiving 90, because I think Shelke had sent you the report of what we were expecting. So she was just saying, like, if you put in already that 90 were coming, make sure you adjust that to zero, because we didn't receive them. So, like, for that item, I would just double check that you didn't put in anywhere that we had 90 on the way that you just reflect what's currently in the warehouse system. This is for Green Rabbit, so this will be for Shopify and Amazon. So I'll just double check that item reflects what's in Green Rabbit's portal. Not what we were expecting, that's all.

Speaker B: Yeah, but when you do the weekly inventory check, you check from the Green Rabbit only, right? Like,

Speaker A: yeah, so we always check from Green Rabbit. So they'll always show what they received. So they should be reflecting what they're telling us here. I think it was just because Jelka had sent us the report on what we were shipping to Green Rabbit. So it was just in case you had inputted that as like it's on the way, just readjust it. But if you never inputted that, which you don't need to, if we have inventory, it's fine. It's more a heads up. So if we're out of something and you receive like a what's shipping to Green Rabbit report, then you know to look out for that. But I wouldn't ever input it until it's in Green Rabbit system. Because things like this can happen. Right. So I always go by Green Rabbit system. So if you're saying that you only ever inputted per Green Rabbit system, then you could just disregard this. Unless you're doing anything with inventory, like moving forward, I don't know if you'll be handling like the differences and like these reports, like if you'd look into this or not. I don't know the scope of how you'll be handling inventory, but in terms of like Amazon Shopify, you wouldn't need to adjust anything.

Speaker B: Yeah, I just have to follow the grain Rabbit. Right? What if it's showing there that. Yeah. Okay. And in this same report, I have one more question regarding the last two product. It says WM and I was actually looking for the product. Do we sell this on Amazon? No. Right.

Speaker A: So we don't sell these on Amazon. We have them on Shopify. They might be without the WM though. We use both SKUs interchangeably, I think. But I think we have just one of them on Shopify. I think it might be just mint and not peanut butter.

Speaker B: And we are not supposed to send on sale on Amazon. Right. This product,

Speaker A: it's not on Amazon. No.

Speaker B: Okay. That was my doubt because I was looking for the inventory after she sent me the report, just to check. So that's why I saw that.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, we don't have that one on Amazon. So you're good with that one. We use that mainly for samples Through Shopify.

Speaker B: Okay, sounds good. Thank you. I have just one, like, one more question regarding the weekly inventory check that you do. So I was thinking that from. From this week, will I do that or you will continue like. Like you will continue as you did before, what we will do for the weekly inventory check for this week. So you will do like you. You used to do, or do you want me to start?

Speaker A: It's up to you. How would. How would you like to do it? Do you want us to hop on and do it all together again? Did you want to try handling it and see how it goes? Do you want, like, just us to do it? Have you been uploading Costco or has Alexis been uploading Costco Still.

Speaker B: Alexis is still doing that because I, like, we have done that together the last day, but I want to do with her just to make sure that I'm doing right, like, as I did for, like with you, the. For the Amazon. So, yeah, I do that with her on Wednesday. That means tomorrow. Then after that, maybe I will hand over that. But for Shopify and Amazon, I think I can do that. It's pretty easy. So is it okay if I start going from this week and if I have any question that I can reach out to you?

Speaker A: Yeah, absolutely. If you want to give it a try, I'll cancel that meeting if you want to give it a go. And then if you need to, you can just schedule whatever Zoom meeting. You can email me. You can. I don't know if you can teams me, but you can try. Yeah, just reach out to me and I can definitely help you with that.

Speaker B: Okay. In regard to that, I have just one question, that is regarding the expiry dates. So, like, how do you keep that in account while doing the inventory check?

Speaker A: So if something's less than six months, I let Jelka know.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And then she'll let you know if we're okay to keep selling it or not, or she can adjust the price, what have you. So I. There's a report you can put on Green Rabbit to check that. So I wouldn't do it like as. I mean, I guess you could do it as you check inventory, but it's a different report. You can just quickly pull and see. And then, yeah, I just let her know if anything's less than six months. Usually if it's less than two, we don't sell it online anymore. But under six, I always just email her and let her know because this way she can discount it or if we're getting a lot of complaints, she can say, just don't sell it online. Um, so yeah, Ottawa is super easy to check in the expiry dates. It's on that list.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Green Rabbit, there's a. I can show you. There's a report you can pull.

Speaker B: Okay,

Speaker A: let me show you. Sorry. Can you enable screen sharing?

Speaker B: Oh, yeah, just don't. Wait how to do that. Sorry, I don't know on. Do you know how to enable that? Because I have never done that before. Like how to enable the screen sharing? Like, where is the option?

Speaker A: Okay, so if you go to the. There's like a little arrow beside the share screen button on like the top right. If you click that, just click multi participant can share screen or whatever.

Speaker B: Yeah. Can you check now?

Speaker A: No problem. Yep. Okay. Can you see my screen? Okay, so I'm just logging in. Okay. So you can go to expiring inventory. Okay, I showed you how, like when you do item details, you can click the little magnifying glass, but it kind of takes forever to do. So if you go to this report and then just do line detail and then when you export it, it should show all of the lines of.

Speaker B: Okay, the next expiry. That's pretty quick.

Speaker A: Yeah. So now you can see this is our sku. And then you see the expiration date is November. These ones are merge and it'll tell you like if it's in California or. I forget what state this is, but it's the east coast. We have one warehouse. Is west ones east? I think it's Indiana or something. But so yeah, you can see like this one's August 2024. This one's pretty soon. But we only have 38 left. Again, I would just pull anything that's less than six months. Maybe like filter this to anything less than six months and send that report to Jalka and just let her know and then she can decide if we want to. Like, Like, I probably wouldn't discount this. I probably just sell through the 38 and we still have until October. Oh, sorry, this isn't the quantity. Sorry. Quantity is 25. They pull the inventory. I guess it's 30 days before it expires. They'll stop selling it, but I always watch out because sometimes they don't and they'll keep selling it. So it's a good idea to check this report. I would pull it like weekly and then you can see what's going to expire. Let Jelka know. And then if anything is expired, you can even let Green Rabbit know. If they haven't pulled it yet, we've had that before where they kept selling it and no one knew it was expired, so.

Speaker B: Okay, great.

Speaker A: But yeah, it's a super easy report

Speaker B: to pull and for Ottawa. Just have to check from the stock status, right?

Speaker A: Yep. It tells you right there. Yeah, you can export that if you like. You can keep it, like, just in their portal if you want. Whatever works for you.

Speaker B: Okay, cool. That was all my questions. Thank you for answering.

Speaker A: Yeah, no problem. If you have any other questions, let me know.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Have a great day, too. Thank you. Bye.

Speaker A: Bye.

