Transcript for: Recording__1197.mp4
Title: Recording #1197
============================================================

Update or wait, you were going to update the A plus content too at the same time, Lindsay. Right, or that was next. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I'm. I'm working on the A plus content right now. It's like very much in the middle of the two at the moment, but yeah, yeah, I'll. I'll make sure to. I'll have a version of this ready to go by the end of the day today to have this hopefully approved for tomorrow and the A content within the next few days or early next week, hopefully. Okay, so show home. In terms of timing, what you were saying was we should flip the images before it hits the fulfillment center, which is like asap happening. If these are not even done till Friday, I don't even know if we're going to catch that. But our assumption was more. It was more about the consumer, so. So if. If the creative will be done by end of week, do we want to try and flip it in by Friday? Yeah. If there's all of this risk, what if it gets flagged? Right. And all of those products will be returned? That's going to interrupt our operation, right? Yeah. Okay. End of this week. It's already Thursday. Sorry, Keep. I have no idea what it is. So, Lindsay, how do you feel about that timeline? Like having this ready to go for tomorrow? Yeah, yeah, that should be. And also we have the main with the product. I was going to say, because you just want the new pack just on its own. Right? Like just 2D the bar. And we can't have the bar at the top. Right. Because they'll reject it. So like on this far right image, like how it has this like, bar at the top, like we could not put like. Oh, yeah, same great taste up there. Right. Because it has to be. It has to look like it's part of the pack. Yeah. So just the pack on its own. Yeah, yeah. So I was thinking of like with our current one we had. Or one of them anyways, we had kind of like the green that extended the bar on top of the bag. Yeah. So I was kind of thinking of doing that with the red because luckily enough, the top of the bag is red. So hopefully it will look like it's part of the bag. Because you're saying. Because what you could do, like. Yeah, you're saying if you extended the red a little bit, Lindsay, and then added in new look, same great taste right there. It would look like an extension on the bag. Yeah, yeah. Like that's what we did with a different bag in the past. And it had been approved. So the new snacks. Yeah, yeah, let's try that. And then when you. If you could flip them over to us, Lindsay, and then show home, if you can just watch for that. Just to make sure that we're within the boundaries and we believe it'll get approved because. So once you put the new in, does it take 24 hours for it to actually get on? It's not manually. They have to review it or something. Or does it just happen live? Did you take that? It's not the actual package. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And is it most important to get like that first image or the first two images versus everything, or does it matter? Yeah, yeah. So. So, you know, the first two images will be the. The new design bag and then the this or the that image. Like if we want to get. Oh, yeah, yeah. Immediately, like the rest of it is what I need to still kind of tinker with and actually like just finesse, I guess. So like to get those two images ready super quick. I can do that. Like, sure. Very quickly. It's just the rest that I'm kind of tinkering with. So, like, if there is benefit to getting those two done right right away and getting those up first, I can do that. Otherwise I can get all eight or however. Eight I think it is like. Yeah, ideally, I think if you could get all eight by tomorrow, Lindsay, and just do it all once, that's the ideal. But if there's lag and all you can do tomorrow is the first two images, then just make sure that happens tomorrow. And then actually, I was going to say so I actually. So on the. To this or that photos camera, really what we talked about. But I actually do like on the one this or that photo where you still repeat new look, same great taste, keep that copy. Whether you do it on a bottom banner or that way or something, I think it's really good for those things to be communicated together because it's this or that. There could still be perception that it's a different product. But by stating still very loudly, new look, same great taste. It. It makes sure that they understand it's just a new look. It's the exact same product. Yeah, yeah. All right. Okay, so we got marching orders there. So show home you will update the bullet copy. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So that's going to happen tomorrow and then so that's the first item to go up. So there'll be lots of learnings from that, I guess in the first week or so. If there's anything flagged from Amazon or anything that comes up. And then likely within the next two weeks we'll be doing the same thing for the 18 times 28 grams. So once we do this, Lindsay, you'll have the product photos, the a content of this specific SKU. Then we'll move over to the 1828 gram, follow a very similar strategy, imagery, all of that. One more thing that I'd like. And then, then there'll be discussion of like how the variety packs are being updated, you know, because I think the first variety pack will be fava. Take some action in case it gets flagged and to fix that issue. If we ignore that, then they will simply return all of the inventory. Okay. Yeah. And I think Brittany, do you get those emails too or only Annabouf sees them when the early. So Annabel. So yeah, well, just. I'll remind him. Just be. We're gonna flip them tomorrow. So just be watching closely for anything from Amazon. Yeah, there. Yeah. Okay, great. So I don't know, I think Brittany had. Did you want to jump into some of the sales data? Influencer. Influencer. Anything else regarding this? You can go ahead. More topics you can probably jump off unless you want. So first of all, the dashboard we had some, you know, data. Some data were incorrect. So I corrected them and also wanted to discuss what I'll be doing moving forwards to ensure that the data is always correct. Buy box issue. I have some updates so I wanted to share that and the US Strategy. I have been working on that. It's not done yet. Still wanted to give you some update. And also you wanted to look at the Canadian. You know how we are doing in Canada, so we can discuss that. Okay. Okay. So first, Brittany, we like to talk about the coupon question that you had. Okay. Yeah. And so I'll give you a little background there. Show home actually. So I. Or I can't remember if I did on last call, but so currently in the U.S. so there's a new rule now. We can't ship product from Canada to the U.S. we can, but it's a lot and takes a long time to do orders under 800 into the US so currently what we've done is we have no more US Shopify. If you're an American consumer and you go shopping on 3Farmers.com, you get sent to the Amazon page so that that traffic is now directly sent to Amazon.com to go shopping for any of our products. The other thing was sometimes when you get customer complaints, like a Costco customer buys our product, they reach out to us and they're like, oh, I had this issue or I just don't like it. The way that we guarantee our product is we. We basically ship them either a replacement or something different that they might like from the brand. Because of this new regulation, we're not really able to do that or it becomes extremely cost. Like you are. What we would like to do for that. Yes. Of customer complaints or changing a customer experience to a good experience was maybe offer them a coupon to go shopping directly on Amazon. It will be shipped. Is that something you can do like just a coupon to a person or a promo code or something? Yeah, That's right. Yes. Okay, so you're saying the better thing is. So a customer comes and says, I hated this product, I don't like it. And we're like, okay, how about you should try our fava beans. I think you would like those better. We would directly just process an order from Amazon for our variety pack of fava beans or our whatever snacks to go or something to that customer and it would just ship directly to them and we would be charged. Okay, could you just quickly show me. Show him where that is. I can also obviously Google it, but. Oh, there, there it is. Create fulfillment order. You have to click that because I tried looking it up also on chat GPT. So you have to go to manage inventory page. And then for the product that you want to ship, you will just have to click on this drop down. And then. Because I guess it's the same like Britney. Have you ever send a gift from Amazon to somebody not from Amazon and which I can. I've received gifts from people you want to do expedited or standard. And then you can create an order. Where did you. Yeah, okay. Like on the individual product. Got it. Okay. Yeah. Oh, perfect. Okay, perfect, perfect. Thank you. Okay, so that's good for us, Brittany. We'll take that back to maybe Marianne. We can try it with somebody next or something. But. And so basically Marianne would still have to get their address, their full address and contact details and inform them that we will be shipping them something from Amazon to replace the product. And then because that's all the info you need there, Brittany, is their address, right? Yeah. Because how many Marianne usually sent? Because my only question is, I guess it's not much. Okay. Would be cheaper. Like she usually looks at what the value of their order is based against what their complaint is. Like sometimes it's the Costco pack, but they loved two of them and they only hated the barbecue chickpea. So we just send them more favas or something like that. Right. So she usually only sends like one or two bags, but. And there's a very low volume of these. We don't have a crazy volume of customer complaints, so. But what this does bring up as well is customer samples in the US Sometimes depending on what's Amazon, it might make it easier for us to just, you know, do it that way or you end up starting using Amazon as kind of like a sample fulfillment center for yourself. Right. Somehow. Yeah. So you would love all her inventory to go to school. So what's up with the Amazon video? I did have a really interesting call Today show home too, because we're talking about our media campaign over the next three years and like building out that budget and like Amazon Prime Amazon ads was like a big traditional buying like out of meta and YouTube or out of meta buying. It was all about YouTube and Amazon video advertising, which is now coming to Canada. Used to only be on the US and now it's in Canada or will be soon. Okay, yeah. The. Which. Oh, right. Is that something that. It's a media buying company. So they do online and offline media buying. So all on like linear TV, connected TV, YouTube out of home, like all of that. And, and that's why they were saying like Amazon was a. It wasn't the biggest percentage of it, but they were talking about buying on Amazon advertising space and stuff. Which only helps our Amazon channel. Right. Because they're saying it's obviously way closer to bottom funnel that channel. But on Amazon prime commercials. On Amazon prime and everything. Yes. Yeah, that's the strategy we're working on right now. Yeah. No, so we're. We're rfp, but it will be the media agency specifically right now that would do all the buying off line and online. And they're pitching. Yeah, that's what that looks like over three years for awareness metrics. Basically what they do is they assign Harvey influence. The other question I don't know if you know much about, like we had a call again in the US and marrying that to Amazon.com seems to be a very common strategy. I did more recently and we can't do it in Canada. Hey, it hasn't come here yet. Tick tock Shop is not in Canada. Yeah. So 600 videos every month for you and. That's. No, no. It will be bought from TikTok. But then you do see some spillover traffic. Actually not just some, a lot of it. Who will be then searching on Google. Yes. And then on Amazon. So all the online platforms. It also becomes Important for you to capture those traffic whether it's on Amazon or on Google. So you'll also have to tie up those strategies along with TikTok. How much for how long? And that's TikTok that's on the influencers are on the TikTok platform and then the conversion is being directed to buy on Amazon plus product, of course. Oh, If you just look at your online shoppers. Well, we'll also have to do a math how profitable it will be. We'll have to be careful. But also it's not just the revenue that you'll be generating on TikTok that matters, it's also the errorness and also the spillover traffic. Did they say how much something like that runs for like the 600 videos? I think you said 15amonth. 15k a month. The dashboard data. So let me share my Screen plus product or by the way, for the Amazon ads, the videos that is something that we can run with Amazon. Just a second. I'm having trouble sharing the screen for some reason. So DSP are. We have recently seen that option added to the regular Amazon ads console. But my. I haven't tried DB ads but my idea is that that is still not okay. So we talked about the coupon. What do you want to jump into next? The dashboard data strategy and probably brands will not see an immediate return on those. That's why on the screenshot that Suzy shared, you will see yes, this is the budget and this is the estimated number of impressions but there is no estimated revenue or return that you can generate from that ad. Okay. Yeah. Way of measuring things. Got it, got it. Okay. All right. So for again, that's the data that we saw was awareness strategy versus precision strategy. Right. One of the things we're going to be measuring, we saw that the awareness strategy is velocities at store something versus online. This was all about. All about frequency. And then we run a survey. So you run a survey on unaided and aided brand awareness and then you run the survey 12 months in and make sure that you're. And then things we're measuring is household penetration needs POS data like things like that different. But it's not different. It's not that the fluctuation is still reasonable, I'd say and we are under control now. I'm not sure how this kind of error happened. Probably because we updated weekly and then something happened. I don't know what exactly. So the plan from now on is we'll keep on updating weekly but then let's Say in November, during the first week of November when we'll update the data, we'll erase the daily data for the last month. So this month, let's say October and then replace that with a fresh set of data for, for the month which will ensure the data is correct. So we'll simply make that change in our inner process that will ensure we have correct data on the dashboard. That's right. We are, we were. And then we have again made adjustments. And if you remember I sent a, sent an email update I think last week. So we are working, we are aware of it and we have cut down some spend and in the last one week, I mean last time I sent the email in that week it was at 13.5%. So yes, we're trying to bring, keep it under control. We definitely don't want to overspend. Yeah. So that's that. And I do have an update. Okay. And then so because still through August and September like we're closer to spending 21st and the 15, 16 and then the cabinet. Now if you compare the spend compared to the you know, Camel Nile spend compared to the other two parity packs, Camel Nile spend is very ignorable. We don't have much opportunities to spend on camera in Canada. Yeah. So yeah, that's how I'm looking at it. And one update is regarding the buy box situation for two or two or three of our products in Canada. So I had a call with one Amazon representative. It was regarding another product and they shared their screen and was looking at some of the products for the. And where are you spending the majority here? Even just through this. So this is the first time I got to see the majority is spent on variety packs, then Camelina Oil, then the others. Okay. Retailers are causing the issue and so I asked like if they can also look into our these three former products. They did and I saw it's the real Canadian superstore that is getting flagged in their system. Now we could check only one product. Now it's back to 450. Oh wow. No, I could see the product. So it's the better not the snack to go online. It's a real Canadian superstore. Yeah, that's Loblaws Superstore. And what is when I say part of it I skipped the. I mean it can be 399 chickpeas. Is that what you're seeing? The chickpeas we're having issue with, Right? I think so, yeah. Trying to see pricing area house. But I'm seeing like 450. But yeah. Oh, they have our variety pack at 26.99. Yeah. Lentils also has the issue. Yeah. Oh, I see. That item we're working on discontinued anyways too. Is it the variety pack or the chickpea? Do you know what item it was or just the store you're saying? Yeah, the Chickpea variety pack. Okay. Because do we have a buy box issue on any of our products right now? Trying to check here. When I checked at the end of prime, which is just a couple days ago, there was nothing. Oh, just the chickpeas. Right now they don't reveal that. Probably they are not supposed to share the information. It was lentils. Just because we were having a conversation about the other brand. I was like, okay, can you just take the fava beans? I think we're fine right now. Okay. Which is weird. So 3 18. Oh, I see. Because it's 6 bucks a bag. 18 divided by 3, 6. So frustrating. Well, it's weird because it's like every retailer is usually like five bucks a bag. Like, so it's weird that they just have issues with one. Like if they're doing that direct. And so how did you see that? So what they were showing you that they could tell you who the issues are and you saw just that they are the issue. Like, how do you know? Like, how do they know that? And we don't know that. How do we get that information? Yeah, yeah. And this was. Sorry, an Amazon person. It was an Amazon person. Okay, well, that also explains what. Because I've always wondered if it was London Drugs, because their pricing is often competitive on us, but it never seems to line up with like, their sales. So that's why I was always confused too. But what's actually interesting is Superstore doesn't their SEO must not be very great because every time I've googled it when we've been talking, superstores, never even come up. Okay, we'll take a look at that. I kind of want to see again. I wonder. I should ask Organic Traditions Brittany about how they're doing it because, like, selling at store versus selling online. Because they're selling the exact same SKUs online as they do in the store. There's nothing different about them. Very interesting. I've noticed a lot lately too, with like Amazon, those like Amazon accounts that post deals, they'll often say, watch for it because it just went on sale at Walmart. And then the next day they'll be like, yep. And now here it is matched on Amazon. So like clearly that's becoming a part of people's strategy. It's like matching flyers, but I mean that's not obviously sustainable for us. Well, and I think what we discussed in the past you show home was sometimes strategies as you grow on E Commerce, it's almost strategically trying to have different UPCs so that the UPCs aren't tied to other channels where they can even check or see. Right. So which is basically just a different bag size. Because the issue right now is we're using our, we are using our exact retail item in just a variety, like a value added iteration in a variety pack because we just don't have the volume on E commerce to dedicate a sku. Now the Snacks to Go variety packs are specific to E commerce and club kind of, but there's still sometimes different UPCs, different iterations and stuff. So yeah, I can see how when you start scaling E Commerce you likely get more strategic in making sure the UPCs are differentiated. So which is like a whole other inventory. I mean, we want to talk about this performance in Canada last week. Yeah. I can walk you through some data now if you are interested. Okay. So aware of it. There's really nothing we can do about that right now because I can't go change my price at superstore. But we have to be aware of that as we scale or bring new items into Amazon. What I have done is I have compared. Yeah. 30 days of data. Yeah. Okay. Between two months. So let me open. Yeah, we don't have that issue with our Snacks to Go because they're not sold in retail. Okay. And if they're at Costco, they're there for two months and they're gone right there. It's not a consistent like. And we're not restocking Costco until. Because you said they were getting like one more big shipment. And Then now January Q1 in January, the item Costco. Yeah, this one on the right, the data, most recent data is my location on the right September 13th. And I hope people are asking because every time on the left we're looking at the data between August 12 and September 12. So 30 days or 31 days of data on each side. Now this one Here is the 30 pack old snack to Go, new Snack to Go and then Camelin oil and then the other products. So if we now look at the top three, you will see in the month of. I mean between 12 August and September 12, the snack to Go, the old Snack to go sold almost 1400 units versus now it has slowed down A lot. And these changes primarily because of the deal of the day, seven days long deal that we ran versus we didn't participate in any deal for the old snack to go in the last 30 days. And if you compare the other products, other two products, for example, both of them have grown recently. And I would say the reason we can say that our product, the new snack to go, we participated in the prime, the fall prime day or prime big deal day in the last 30 days. Which is why you will see the volume has gone up quite a lot. And also you'll see some jump in Camelin oil volume. So this is how the performance is fluctuating. And now at the keyword level, let me open up that data too. This is the August. Between August and September. Oh my God. Sorry, I need to open up the other file. So the summary is that the keyword, for example a healthy snack for adults, the one on the right is between August 12 and September 12 there during that time it generated 59 orders and the conversion rate was at 6.15%. Something has happened and right now in the last 30 days it has generated only 13 orders. And the conversion rate has also, you know, it's not as good, it's 4.44%. So we are seeing some changes month over month. And I don't have any clear insights on why exactly this fluctuation is happening despite us winning, you know, impression share win rate is quite good. Yes, it has still decreased compared to let's say 37%. It's almost halved actually. So that could be one reason for sure. That definitely is one reason. Even if we double that, it will still not be able to match 59 or 60 units. So it will be just 26 units. So something has happened. Healthy snack. Yeah. So this is 30 days data and then it is the data. This is the, you know, the one on the left is the most recent 30 days data and the one on the right is the 30 days before that. We are comparing the two. So it has declined right now. The performance for some of the keywords have declined right now. But on the other hand there are keywords where we also see some improvements. For example, protein snacks. Not really an improvement. Yeah, yeah. Healthy Stack has also declined in terms of number of orders it has generated. Yeah. So this is where we are currently. Doesn't sound, it's not like these numbers are. The changes are impressive. Definitely not. But this is where we are right now and we have to work on these. But overall I do expect that our performance will Be slower for the next one and a half months. But we will definitely look into how we can maintain at least the impression share and see how we can at least generate more sales compared to what we are doing right now while still remaining within 15%. So this is where we stand in Canada. So this is the difference of one month. There are. Yeah. Protein and healthy in Canada. Fiber is. I'm always doing research in. In the US Fiber snacks are also searched for but I have to look into what's going on particularly in Canada for fiber related keywords. Yeah, this definitely. I mean one. I mean Canadian products are in demand definitely but the search volume is not that high for those kind of keywords. Yeah and we are also working on the US this is just one of the things. So last time I told you that I will be looking for long tail healthy snack and cooking snack related yours that don't have that much search volume. So I'm working on that and also looking at ingredient based keywords. So for example lentils, roasted lentils or lentils snacks. Similarly I'm looking at fava related keywords and chickpeas related keywords. So I'm right now I'm gathering all those data and I will implement those for also SEO and also for ads. That's the idea. That's what I'm working on. What about the word fiber? Does that get searched ever in snacks? Probably not. That's more cereal. Probably in that's all that I do. Or just protein and healthy. Or even like Canadian made snacks. Nothing around made in Canada is showing up. Okay. Interesting. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I find just the consumer online and offline way more predict, way less predictable than they used to be and they're just all over the freaking place like huh. I feel like it's every buzzword, right? Yeah. Then that changes just every week on Tick tock in terms of prioritizing the spend. By the way for example we also discussed Instacart. Okay. Well in between next meeting. So tomorrow product page will go up. Just watch for emails of those changes and then every time we talk we'll we'll track and put the next page and the next page as the new rebrand kind of rolls out on Amazon show home. You're aware that us people we talked about the data dashboard issues have been corrected keeping the budget in check buy box. We know about it. There's not really anything we can do around those SKUs right now. And then some learnings we talked about was this potentially in future if we explore TikTok shop driving to Amazon that was just something that just came information and and yeah we'll keep you in the loop show home like on app like all of our e commerce channels even when we do start spending on awareness like out of home media and like out like it's very interesting actually a lot of learning is just how meta is like like people think traditional media is super expensive and and low awareness but the reach and that you actually get and the cost is not even that significant so very interesting learning through that but once we do do that and start spending there there's going to be some pretty heavy spillover that's going to just start converting on Amazon right because people are going to see it and the first place they go is check Amazon right Like I would say they even go to Amazon before they go to people's websites so that's something. Yeah yeah I know.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Update or wait, you were going to update the A plus content too at the same time, Lindsay. Right, or that was next.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: So I'm.

Speaker B: I'm working on the A plus content right now. It's like very much in the middle of the two at the moment, but yeah, yeah, I'll. I'll make sure to. I'll have a version of this ready to go by the end of the day today to have this hopefully approved for tomorrow and the A content within the next few days or early next week, hopefully.

Speaker A: Okay, so show home. In terms of timing, what you were saying was we should flip the images before it hits the fulfillment center, which is like asap happening. If these are not even done till Friday, I don't even know if we're going to catch that. But our assumption was more. It was more about the consumer,

Speaker C: so.

Speaker A: So if. If the creative will be done by end of week, do we want to try and flip it in by Friday?

Speaker C: Yeah. If there's all of this risk, what if it gets flagged? Right. And all of those products will be returned? That's going to interrupt our operation, right?

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. End of this week. It's already Thursday. Sorry, Keep. I have no idea what it is. So, Lindsay, how do you feel about that timeline?

Speaker B: Like having this ready to go for tomorrow? Yeah, yeah, that should be.

Speaker C: And also we have the main with the product.

Speaker D: I was going to say, because you just want the new pack just on its own.

Speaker A: Right?

Speaker D: Like just 2D the bar. And we can't have the bar at the top. Right. Because they'll reject it. So like on this far right image, like how it has this like, bar at the top, like we could not put like. Oh, yeah, same great taste up there.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker D: Because it has to be. It has to look like it's part of the pack. Yeah. So just the pack on its own. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: So I was thinking of like with our current one we had. Or one of them anyways, we had kind of like the green that extended

Speaker D: the bar on top of the bag.

Speaker B: Yeah. So I was kind of thinking of doing that with the red because luckily enough, the top of the bag is red. So hopefully it will look like it's part of the bag.

Speaker A: Because you're saying. Because what you could do, like. Yeah, you're saying if you extended the red a little bit, Lindsay, and then added in new look, same great taste right there. It would look like an extension on the bag.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Like that's what we did with a different bag in the past. And it had been approved.

Speaker D: So the new snacks.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, let's try that. And then when you. If you could flip them over to us, Lindsay, and then show home, if you can just watch for that. Just to make sure that we're within the boundaries and we believe it'll get approved because. So once you put the new in, does it take 24 hours for it to actually get on?

Speaker C: It's not manually.

Speaker A: They have to review it or something. Or does it just happen live?

Speaker C: Did you take that? It's not the actual package.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. And is it most important to get like that first image or the first two images versus everything, or does it matter?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So.

Speaker B: So, you know, the first two images will be the. The new design bag and then the this or the that image. Like if we want to get.

Speaker C: Oh, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Immediately, like the rest of it is what I need to still kind of tinker with and actually like just finesse, I guess. So like to get those two images ready super quick. I can do that.

Speaker C: Like, sure.

Speaker B: Very quickly. It's just the rest that I'm kind of tinkering with. So, like, if there is benefit to getting those two done right right away and getting those up first, I can do that. Otherwise I can get all eight or however. Eight I think it is like.

Speaker A: Yeah, ideally, I think if you could get all eight by tomorrow, Lindsay, and just do it all once, that's the ideal. But if there's lag and all you can do tomorrow is the first two images, then just make sure that happens tomorrow. And then actually, I was going to say so I actually. So on the. To this or that photos camera, really what we talked about. But I actually do like on the one this or that photo where you still repeat new look, same great taste, keep that copy. Whether you do it on a bottom banner or that way or something, I think it's really good for those things to be communicated together because it's this or that. There could still be perception that it's a different product. But by stating still very loudly, new look, same great taste. It. It makes sure that they understand it's

Speaker C: just a new look.

Speaker A: It's the exact same product. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: All right.

Speaker A: Okay, so we got marching orders there. So show home you will update the bullet copy. Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. So that's going to happen tomorrow and then so that's the first item to go up. So there'll be lots of learnings from that, I guess in the first week or so. If there's anything flagged from Amazon or anything that comes up. And then likely within the next two weeks we'll be doing the same thing for the 18 times 28 grams. So once we do this, Lindsay, you'll have the product photos, the a content of this specific SKU. Then we'll move over to the 1828 gram, follow a very similar strategy, imagery, all of that.

Speaker C: One more thing that I'd like.

Speaker A: And then, then there'll be discussion of

Speaker C: like how the variety packs are being updated, you know, because I think the

Speaker A: first variety pack will be fava.

Speaker C: Take some action in case it gets flagged and to fix that issue. If we ignore that, then they will simply return all of the inventory.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. And I think Brittany, do you get those emails too or only Annabouf sees them when the early. So Annabel. So yeah, well, just. I'll remind him. Just be. We're gonna flip them tomorrow. So just be watching closely for anything from Amazon.

Speaker C: Yeah, there.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay,

Speaker D: great.

Speaker C: So I don't know, I think Brittany had.

Speaker A: Did you want to jump into some of the sales data?

Speaker C: Influencer. Influencer.

Speaker A: Anything else regarding this? You can go ahead.

Speaker C: More topics you can probably jump off unless you want. So first of all, the dashboard we had some, you know, data. Some data were incorrect. So I corrected them and also wanted to discuss what I'll be doing moving forwards to ensure that the data is always correct. Buy box issue. I have some updates so I wanted to share that and the US Strategy. I have been working on that. It's not done yet. Still wanted to give you some update. And also you wanted to look at the Canadian. You know how we are doing in Canada, so we can discuss that. Okay. Okay. So first, Brittany, we like to talk about the coupon question that you had. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. And so I'll give you a little background there. Show home actually. So I. Or I can't remember if I did on last call, but so currently in the U.S. so there's a new rule now. We can't ship product from Canada to the U.S. we can, but it's a lot and takes a long time to do orders under 800 into the US so currently what we've done is we have no more US Shopify. If you're an American consumer and you go shopping on 3Farmers.com, you get sent to the Amazon page so that that traffic is now directly sent to Amazon.com to go shopping for any of our products. The other thing was sometimes when you get customer complaints, like a Costco customer buys our product, they reach out to us and they're like, oh, I had this issue or I just don't like it. The way that we guarantee our product is we. We basically ship them either a replacement or something different that they might like from the brand. Because of this new regulation, we're not really able to do that or it becomes extremely cost.

Speaker C: Like you are.

Speaker A: What we would like to do for that.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: Of customer complaints or changing a customer experience to a good experience was maybe offer them a coupon to go shopping directly on Amazon.

Speaker C: It will be shipped.

Speaker A: Is that something you can do like just a coupon to a person or a promo code or something?

Speaker D: Yeah,

Speaker C: That's right. Yes.

Speaker A: Okay, so you're saying the better thing is. So a customer comes and says, I hated this product, I don't like it. And we're like, okay, how about you should try our fava beans. I think you would like those better. We would directly just process an order from Amazon for our variety pack of fava beans or our whatever snacks to go or something to that customer and it would just ship directly to them and we would be charged.

Speaker D: Okay, could you just quickly show me. Show him where that is. I can also obviously Google it, but.

Speaker C: Oh, there, there it is. Create fulfillment order. You have to click that because I

Speaker D: tried looking it up also on chat GPT.

Speaker A: So you have to go to manage inventory page.

Speaker C: And then for the product that you want to ship, you will just have to click on this drop down. And then.

Speaker A: Because I guess it's the same like Britney. Have you ever send a gift from

Speaker C: Amazon to somebody not from Amazon and which I can. I've received gifts from people you want to do expedited or standard. And then you can create an order.

Speaker D: Where did you. Yeah,

Speaker A: okay.

Speaker D: Like on the individual product. Got it.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker D: Yeah. Oh, perfect. Okay, perfect, perfect. Thank you.

Speaker A: Okay, so that's good for us, Brittany. We'll take that back to maybe Marianne. We can try it with somebody next or something. But. And so basically Marianne would still have to get their address, their full address and contact details and inform them that we will be shipping them something from Amazon to replace the product. And then because that's all the info you need there, Brittany, is their address, right?

Speaker D: Yeah. Because how many Marianne usually sent? Because my only question is, I guess it's not much.

Speaker A: Okay. Would be cheaper. Like she usually looks at what the value of their order is based against what their complaint is. Like sometimes it's the Costco pack, but they loved two of them and they only hated the barbecue chickpea. So we just send them more favas or something like that. Right. So she usually only sends like one or two bags, but. And there's a very low volume of these. We don't have a crazy volume of customer complaints, so. But what this does bring up as well is customer samples in the US Sometimes depending on what's Amazon, it might make it easier for us to just, you know, do it that way or you end up starting using Amazon as kind of like a sample fulfillment center for yourself. Right. Somehow. Yeah.

Speaker B: So

Speaker D: you would love all her inventory

Speaker A: to go to school.

Speaker C: So what's up with the Amazon video?

Speaker A: I did have a really interesting call Today show home too, because we're talking about our media campaign over the next three years and like building out that budget and like Amazon Prime Amazon ads was like a big traditional buying like out of meta and YouTube or out of meta buying. It was all about YouTube and Amazon video advertising, which is now coming to Canada. Used to only be on the US and now it's in Canada or will be soon.

Speaker C: Okay, yeah.

Speaker A: The. Which. Oh,

Speaker C: right. Is that something that.

Speaker A: It's a media buying company. So they do online and offline media buying. So all on like linear TV, connected TV, YouTube out of home, like all of that. And, and that's why they were saying like Amazon was a. It wasn't the biggest percentage of it, but they were talking about buying on Amazon advertising space and stuff. Which only helps our Amazon channel. Right. Because they're saying it's obviously way closer to bottom funnel that channel. But on Amazon prime commercials. On Amazon prime and everything.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's the strategy we're working on right now. Yeah.

Speaker C: No, so we're.

Speaker A: We're rfp, but it will be the

Speaker C: media agency specifically right now that would

Speaker A: do all the buying off line and online. And they're pitching. Yeah, that's what that looks like over three years for awareness metrics.

Speaker C: Basically what they do is they assign Harvey influence.

Speaker A: The other question I don't know if you know much about, like we had a call again in the US

Speaker C: and

Speaker A: marrying that to Amazon.com seems to be a very common strategy.

Speaker D: I did more recently and we can't

Speaker C: do it in Canada.

Speaker D: Hey, it hasn't come here yet.

Speaker A: Tick tock Shop is not in Canada.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: So 600 videos every month for you and. That's. No, no. It will be bought from TikTok. But then you do see some spillover traffic. Actually not just some, a lot of it. Who will be then searching on Google. Yes. And then on Amazon. So all the online platforms. It also becomes Important for you to capture those traffic whether it's on Amazon or on Google. So you'll also have to tie up those strategies along with TikTok. How much for how long?

Speaker A: And that's TikTok that's on the influencers are on the TikTok platform and then the conversion is being directed to buy on Amazon plus product, of course.

Speaker D: Oh,

Speaker C: If you just look at your online shoppers. Well, we'll also have to do a math how profitable it will be. We'll have to be careful. But also it's not just the revenue that you'll be generating on TikTok that matters, it's also the errorness and also the spillover traffic.

Speaker D: Did they say how much something like that runs for like the 600 videos?

Speaker A: I think you said 15amonth. 15k a month.

Speaker C: The dashboard data. So let me share my Screen plus

Speaker D: product or by the way, for the

Speaker C: Amazon ads, the videos that is something that we can run with Amazon. Just a second. I'm having trouble sharing the screen for some reason. So DSP are. We have recently seen that option added to the regular Amazon ads console. But my. I haven't tried DB ads but my idea is that that is still not okay.

Speaker A: So we talked about the coupon. What do you want to jump into next?

Speaker C: The dashboard data strategy and probably brands will not see an immediate return on those. That's why on the screenshot that Suzy shared, you will see yes, this is the budget and this is the estimated number of impressions but there is no estimated revenue or return that you can generate from that ad. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Way of measuring things. Got it, got it. Okay. All right. So for again, that's the data that we saw was awareness strategy versus precision strategy.

Speaker A: Right. One of the things we're going to be measuring, we saw that the awareness strategy is velocities at store something versus online. This was all about. All about frequency. And then we run a survey. So you run a survey on unaided and aided brand awareness and then you run the survey 12 months in and make sure that you're. And then things we're measuring is household penetration needs POS data like things like that different.

Speaker C: But it's not different. It's not that the fluctuation is still reasonable, I'd say and we are under control now. I'm not sure how this kind of error happened. Probably because we updated weekly and then something happened. I don't know what exactly. So the plan from now on is we'll keep on updating weekly but then let's Say in November, during the first week of November when we'll update the data, we'll erase the daily data for the last month. So this month, let's say October and then replace that with a fresh set of data for, for the month which will ensure the data is correct. So we'll simply make that change in our inner process that will ensure we have correct data on the dashboard. That's right. We are, we were. And then we have again made adjustments. And if you remember I sent a, sent an email update I think last week. So we are working, we are aware of it and we have cut down some spend and in the last one week, I mean last time I sent the email in that week it was at 13.5%. So yes, we're trying to bring, keep it under control. We definitely don't want to overspend. Yeah. So that's that. And I do have an update.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And then so because still through August and September like we're closer to spending

Speaker C: 21st and the 15, 16 and then the cabinet. Now if you compare the spend compared to the you know, Camel Nile spend compared to the other two parity packs, Camel Nile spend is very ignorable. We don't have much opportunities to spend on camera in Canada.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: So yeah, that's how I'm looking at it. And one update is regarding the buy box situation for two or two or three of our products in Canada. So I had a call with one Amazon representative. It was regarding another product and they shared their screen and was looking at some of the products for the.

Speaker A: And where are you spending the majority here? Even just through this.

Speaker C: So this is the first time I

Speaker A: got to see the majority is spent on variety packs, then Camelina Oil, then the others. Okay.

Speaker C: Retailers are causing the issue and so I asked like if they can also look into our these three former products. They did and I saw it's the real Canadian superstore that is getting flagged in their system. Now we could check only one product. Now it's back to 450. Oh wow. No, I could see the product. So it's the better not the snack to go online.

Speaker A: It's a real Canadian superstore. Yeah, that's Loblaws Superstore. And what is

Speaker C: when I say part of it I skipped the.

Speaker A: I mean it can be 399 chickpeas. Is that what you're seeing? The chickpeas we're having issue with, Right?

Speaker C: I think so, yeah. Trying to see pricing area house.

Speaker D: But I'm seeing like 450. But yeah. Oh, they have our variety pack at 26.99.

Speaker C: Yeah. Lentils also has the issue. Yeah.

Speaker A: Oh, I see. That item we're working on discontinued anyways too. Is it the variety pack or the chickpea? Do you know what item it was or just the store you're saying? Yeah, the Chickpea variety pack.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Because do we have a buy box issue on any of our products right now?

Speaker D: Trying to check here. When I checked at the end of prime, which is just a couple days ago, there was nothing.

Speaker A: Oh, just the chickpeas.

Speaker C: Right now they don't reveal that. Probably they are not supposed to share the information.

Speaker D: It was lentils.

Speaker C: Just because we were having a conversation about the other brand. I was like, okay, can you just take

Speaker D: the fava beans?

Speaker A: I think we're fine right now. Okay. Which is weird.

Speaker D: So 3 18.

Speaker A: Oh, I see. Because it's 6 bucks a bag.

Speaker D: 18 divided by 3, 6. So frustrating.

Speaker B: Well, it's weird because it's like every

Speaker A: retailer is usually like five bucks a bag. Like, so it's weird that they just have issues with one. Like if they're doing that direct. And so how did you see that? So what they were showing you that they could tell you who the issues are and you saw just that they are the issue. Like, how do you know? Like, how do they know that? And we don't know that. How do we get that information?

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. And this was. Sorry, an Amazon person. It was an Amazon person. Okay, well, that also explains what. Because I've always wondered if it was London Drugs, because their pricing is often competitive on us, but it never seems to line up with like, their sales. So that's why I was always confused too. But what's actually interesting is Superstore doesn't their SEO must not be very great because every time I've googled it when we've been talking, superstores, never even come up.

Speaker A: Okay, we'll take a look at that. I kind of want to see again. I wonder. I should ask Organic Traditions Brittany about how they're doing it because, like, selling at store versus selling online. Because they're selling the exact same SKUs online as they do in the store. There's nothing different about them.

Speaker D: Very interesting. I've noticed a lot lately too, with like Amazon, those like Amazon accounts that post deals, they'll often say, watch for it because it just went on sale at Walmart. And then the next day they'll be like, yep. And now here it is matched on Amazon. So like clearly that's becoming a part of people's strategy. It's like matching flyers, but I mean that's not obviously sustainable for us.

Speaker A: Well, and I think what we discussed in the past you show home was sometimes strategies as you grow on E Commerce, it's almost strategically trying to have different UPCs so that the UPCs aren't tied to other channels where they can even check or see. Right. So which is basically just a different bag size. Because the issue right now is we're using our, we are using our exact retail item in just a variety, like a value added iteration in a variety pack because we just don't have the volume on E commerce to dedicate a sku. Now the Snacks to Go variety packs are specific to E commerce and club kind of, but there's still sometimes different UPCs, different iterations and stuff. So yeah, I can see how when you start scaling E Commerce you likely get more strategic in making sure the UPCs are differentiated.

Speaker C: So which is like a whole other inventory. I mean, we want to talk about this performance in Canada last week.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: I can walk you through some data now if you are interested.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: So aware of it. There's really nothing we can do about that right now because I can't go change my price at superstore. But we have to be aware of that as we scale or bring new items into Amazon.

Speaker C: What I have done is I have compared.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: 30 days of data.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Between two months. So let me open.

Speaker A: Yeah, we don't have that issue with our Snacks to Go because they're not sold in retail.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: And if they're at Costco, they're there for two months and they're gone right there. It's not a consistent like.

Speaker D: And we're not restocking Costco until. Because you said they were getting like one more big shipment. And Then now January Q1 in January, the item Costco.

Speaker C: Yeah, this one on the right, the data, most recent data is my location on the right September 13th.

Speaker D: And I hope people are asking because every time on the left we're looking

Speaker C: at the data between August 12 and September 12. So 30 days or 31 days of data on each side. Now this one Here is the 30 pack old snack to Go, new Snack to Go and then Camelin oil and then the other products. So if we now look at the top three, you will see in the month of. I mean between 12 August and September 12, the snack to Go, the old Snack to go sold almost 1400 units versus now it has slowed down A lot. And these changes primarily because of the deal of the day, seven days long deal that we ran versus we didn't participate in any deal for the old snack to go in the last 30 days. And if you compare the other products, other two products, for example, both of them have grown recently. And I would say the reason we can say that our product, the new snack to go, we participated in the prime, the fall prime day or prime big deal day in the last 30 days. Which is why you will see the volume has gone up quite a lot. And also you'll see some jump in Camelin oil volume. So this is how the performance is fluctuating. And now at the keyword level, let me open up that data too. This is the August. Between August and September. Oh my God. Sorry, I need to open up the other file. So the summary is that the keyword, for example a healthy snack for adults, the one on the right is between August 12 and September 12 there during that time it generated 59 orders and the conversion rate was at 6.15%. Something has happened and right now in the last 30 days it has generated only 13 orders. And the conversion rate has also, you know, it's not as good, it's 4.44%. So we are seeing some changes month over month. And I don't have any clear insights on why exactly this fluctuation is happening despite us winning, you know, impression share win rate is quite good. Yes, it has still decreased compared to let's say 37%. It's almost halved actually. So that could be one reason for sure. That definitely is one reason. Even if we double that, it will still not be able to match 59 or 60 units. So it will be just 26 units. So something has happened. Healthy snack. Yeah. So this is 30 days data and then it is the data. This is the, you know, the one on the left is the most recent 30 days data and the one on the right is the 30 days before that. We are comparing the two. So it has declined right now. The performance for some of the keywords have declined right now. But on the other hand there are keywords where we also see some improvements. For example, protein snacks. Not really an improvement. Yeah, yeah. Healthy Stack has also declined in terms of number of orders it has generated. Yeah. So this is where we are currently. Doesn't sound, it's not like these numbers are. The changes are impressive. Definitely not. But this is where we are right now and we have to work on these. But overall I do expect that our performance will Be slower for the next one and a half months. But we will definitely look into how we can maintain at least the impression share and see how we can at least generate more sales compared to what we are doing right now while still remaining within 15%. So this is where we stand in Canada.

Speaker A: So this is the difference of one month.

Speaker C: There are. Yeah. Protein and healthy in Canada. Fiber is. I'm always doing research in. In the US Fiber snacks are also searched for but I have to look into what's going on particularly in Canada for fiber related keywords. Yeah, this definitely. I mean one. I mean Canadian products are in demand definitely but the search volume is not that high for those kind of keywords. Yeah and we are also working on the US this is just one of the things. So last time I told you that I will be looking for long tail healthy snack and cooking snack related yours that don't have that much search volume. So I'm working on that and also looking at ingredient based keywords. So for example lentils, roasted lentils or lentils snacks. Similarly I'm looking at fava related keywords and chickpeas related keywords. So I'm right now I'm gathering all those data and I will implement those for also SEO and also for ads. That's the idea. That's what I'm working on.

Speaker A: What about the word fiber? Does that get searched ever in snacks? Probably not. That's more cereal.

Speaker C: Probably in that's all that I do.

Speaker A: Or just protein and healthy. Or even like Canadian made snacks. Nothing around made in Canada is showing up. Okay. Interesting. Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. I find just the consumer online and offline way more predict, way less predictable than they used to be and they're just all over the freaking place like huh.

Speaker D: I feel like it's every buzzword, right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: Then that changes just every week on

Speaker C: Tick tock in terms of prioritizing the spend. By the way for example we also discussed Instacart.

Speaker A: Okay. Well in between next meeting. So tomorrow product page will go up. Just watch for emails of those changes and then every time we talk we'll we'll track and put the next page and the next page as the new rebrand kind of rolls out on Amazon show home. You're aware that

Speaker C: us people we talked

Speaker A: about the data dashboard issues have been corrected keeping the budget in check buy box. We know about it. There's not really anything we can do around those SKUs right now. And then some learnings we talked about was this potentially in future if we explore TikTok shop driving to Amazon that was just something that just came information and and yeah we'll keep you in the loop show home like on app like all of our e commerce channels even when we do start spending on awareness like out of home media and like out like it's very interesting actually a lot of learning is just how meta is like like people think traditional media is super expensive and and low awareness but the reach and that you actually get and the cost is not even that significant so very interesting learning through that but once we do do that and start spending there there's going to be some pretty heavy spillover that's going to just start converting on Amazon right because people are going to see it and the first place they go is check Amazon right Like I would say they even go to Amazon before they go to people's websites so that's something. Yeah yeah I know.

