Transcript for: Recording__1164.mp4
Title: Recording #1164
============================================================

And then Le can take it from there and walk you through like how we identify ourselves, the buying signal. And I actually asked him to drop up like around like 300, 300 leads of people so we can review it a little bit and then basically can give us some idea. And then next week we can kind of see if we can launch the campaign by the end of the next week. Okay. Yeah. So Lea, you want to walk to Hanu or maybe give him a brief introduction about yourself? Yeah, for sure. How you doing? I am liwa. I used to be a lead generation specialist and I used to be a top performer in my team and I ranked up and ranked up along the way and now here I am working closely with Evan and what I've been tasked, what I've been tasked to do is use that lead generation expertise that I had before with campaign managing right now. And Evan asked me to make a lead list for you for CPG Edge in order to, you know, find, find, find more leads outreach to maybe find new clients who to avail their services with. So I managed to do, I managed to make. Let me pull up my list real quick. How is this? I managed to find 396 leads for us to use in outreaching campaigns. I can expand this more. I'm still starting up and learning more about it and I'm still trying to. By learning more about it I mean like which, which niches do we want to target? I'm still learning, looking into it more. We can Definitely expand this 396 leads more. But my thought process on this and please please feel free to give any comments or approval or criticisms about this. My thought process with this is that I searched up leads who are specifically working in the CPG industry, of course. And we have an AI tool that filters out every single company and we, we every single company and making sure that these companies are truly in the CPG category. And then I was searching up for people that are working for E commerce, digital marketing, even business owners. And from those lists I had our AI tool filter it out to only people that are specifically working in the CPG business in the CPG industry. And from that list like I had, I had to filter down 7,000 leads. I had to filter it down to make sure that we have high quality leads and we filtered it down with only three with 396 entries right now. But I can still expand this more. Also for this I also focus on North America if you want me to expand. Unlike other, you know, other regions in the world, I Can do that but I focus mostly on North America but definitely can expand this leads more. 396 these are all E commerce related. These are all digital marketing, brand marketing. Let me check the other filters. I put sales marketing, marketing executive and whatnot. Yeah, yeah, Lewa. And also can you briefly walk a little bit about the buying signal, like how you guys do it in SI for the messaging? You know, how you do research about each client so it's easier for us to teach them and stuff. You know, hey, we see you have the needs like that and then maybe walk in for a little bit or two about, you know, how we scam the Amazon sellers, you know, the sales revenue type of things and then so Ham will know that hey, how we get these people from and how we identify them? Yeah, for sure. So yeah, I used to work in si. I used to work as a lead generation representative. I used to find several leads, probably like 500 leads every month or some are along those numbers. And how we used to do it is that we, we really dive down deep into what these Amazon sellers are selling. Not just CPG products, but a lot of products in general. And what we used to do is we make a comparison between their product, their asin, right? And we compare it to a direct competitor and we pitch it in such a way that hey, by the way, this is your product, this is a direct competitor. Your competitor is like earning like this much more, three times more, five times more. We can give you some help with that, we can provide you some insights with that, whether it be through optimizing your listing, optimizing your, your keyword usage and whatnot, maybe even the images of your ASIN. And then from that, yes, we use Helium 10 for that. We use Helium 10 in order to find the direct competitor and make an analysis, make a good pitch. Because what we want to relate to them is hey, your product can be doing so much better. Your product can be doing so much better and we can help you with that. So if you avail of our services, both of us can have a win win condition on this one. That's how we were doing it on si. And so when we do that pitch, we sent a booking link to them and with that booking link they can book a call with us and we give them a quick peek at what we can give you when it comes to our services. And then from that if we get the booking link, get going. If the call goes well and they avail of our services, then that's a win for everyone. Right? That's how we were doing it in lead generation. Si. Yeah. Okay. So Vaas, if you have any question you can feel free to ask right now. Yeah, yeah. So a few things. First of all about the CPG companies that you are trying to find. You know, even I have trouble defining what should we include in cpg? What kind of companies? So for now, what kind of companies are you considering under cpg? Yeah, so they directly make or sell food, beverage, beauty, household and other packaged goods that are daily replenished and used by, by people in their daily lives. Like you know, toiletry and whatnot. Those are what we define as cpg. Okay. And also dietary supplement too in that one. That's a big one for me. Dietary supplement is also. You can consider that as a cpg. Yes, I also include pharmaceuticals in the filtering for this. Yeah, mark down couple category that. So maybe the best for him because he probably has some cases more successful science to show though. You know, let's say diaper is a good one. So we can also focusing on the diaper industry to basically specify that one too. You know, I'll tell you a little bit about what another thing I want to mention. Yeah, do you want to go ahead first? Oh, oh yeah. What I want to mention is. Yeah, sorry. Yeah, what I want to mention is because the strategy that we doing, right, we're going for volume. Let's let's say for diaper brands we only have like certain amount, like probably 200, 500 North American. Then it's, it's done like right. The thing is like you need to consider the volume that we are sending. Maybe VIVA can give you an estimation of per month how many we can send for connection for people. So based on that you can basically we set up a timeline for each project or each age for you to pass out. Hey, this category we have around a thousand people and 5,000. So each one at which stage can test maybe less this month we can test two to three categories. Then you know, based on the volume of capacity that we have sent, maybe we can, you know, frame our project line timeline like this so it's easier for us to pass it out and it's easier for you to keep on track. Okay, this one works better for me. And then we can basically kind of narrow down and then we can double down the thing that it works. Okay. Yeah, makes sense. And second thing was which titles at those companies are we trying to connect with? Yeah, I could run you through with every single one, but the gist of it is E Commerce managers, directors of E Commerce Marketing managers, marketing specialist, sales and marketing managers, owners, business owners and co owners of brands that are CPG aligned. Those are like the main gist of all of the current job titles that I had filtered out. Yeah, right. You know what, I have also seen the. I mean I have tried to connect with people from my own account. Right. And I feel that even positions like the CMOs or Vice President of marketing or you know, directors, vice president, cmo, all of those areas also are okay. On top of that, let's say cso, Chief Strategy Officer, or anyone who is related to growth. Right. Though all those positions may be related to this area of E commerce, they may also be able to take decisions regarding this. So so far this is what I have experienced based on the clients that I work with. They are directly involved in this process. So that's why I'm suggesting you also incorporate those rules. Yeah, I can say all of those again if you. If you want. Yeah, I would appreciate that. I'm writing notes down for, for future. You can send a list after that. So Levi can work on that. On that. We don't need to mention it in the meeting. Sure, definitely. Yeah. So yeah, thank you for that. Yeah, I'll write. I'm writing these notes down because, you know, I want to make it as high quality as we can. Yeah. Just yesterday on my profile I had CHFA is happening. Chfa, the trade show. A vice president of a company reached out to me saying hey, we have some Amazon challenges I would love to discuss. And all I did was send a connection request to her. That's all. I didn't do anything. And. Yeah, exactly. And Vice president. Yeah. Oh, by the way, Soham, you have access to our Heywitch already, right? I think so, yes. I accepted it. But I have to check. You wanna log in your account in, like connect your account so you can run those connections automatically yourself? Like, I mean, obviously I will ask approval for your current kind of whatever people that you want to target, but at least you don't need to actively click it yourself or you send a connection. Right. So I would suggest while we are preparing the dummy account, you can still lock your things up into the. Our, our system then, you know, actively running something even. I was thinking that for my account, I. For now, I mean, I'm trying to. I'm kind of skeptical, honestly, to be honest. So I would not like to send connection request right now from my account using this system. Let it roll for a while and then as I, if I see that I'm feeling confident yeah, that. That's totally fine. Let's keep the stuff running about. I know you skeptical about it. Don't want to rule your own. You have a good kind of followers. Skeptical, not about your process. Yeah, exactly. That's what I'm skeptical about. About, like, the system. I totally understand. Yeah. So anything else you want to ask us? And then maybe Leva also walks in for a little bit of what kind of information we need. Let's say booking links. Right? Yes. Testimonial, like, client detail. Like, all these things. Give Soham a list of things that we might need for the campaign. And Soham, if you have any ideal messaging or type of style that you're looking for, can give her a framework, and then Zira can send you an example, and then you can shrink it from there. Right. So it's like a small, like, active conversation here in the. Good chat. Yeah. Okay. Sounds good. One more question that I'll ask. You mentioned Helium 10 and Smart Scout, all of those stuff. So when you compare the competitors, is that something you are doing manually or is that you're doing some. Some like, let's say, vipi. Pulling computer information and then doing it. How are you doing that? We are kind of Sammy and manually, but we have some tools we're trying to integrate right now to like, automate it. I actually tried this project with like you are before doing si. We use clay to automate the kind of. What's that called? Filtering process for. Hey, is that a good lead? And then kind of how we do research about a specific brand so we can kind of personalize the message for those brands. So we have like kind of semi dual right now because we want to ensure the accuracy first. We don't want to mess up. Hey. And then they will reply like, hey, we don't have this revenue. Hey, this is not our brand, and we don't want this thing happen. Right. So we're kind of in the middle of like, fully automated, but we kind of automate half the process of like, researching. Right. You know, one miss, one post that I read a few days ago. So that was also an Amazon agency reaching out to them and brand owner, she posted and Amazon agency reached out to us saying, hey, your computer. This computer is doing more than this your company, and making fun of it in a way, saying that they don't know that this brand is also owned by us, so they should have done better research. Yeah, yeah. Anyway, I'm just mentioning that because, you know. Yeah, that was. That's very interesting because when I was working as just a lead generation representative. I had to do my own personal research for that. Right. Because you know, I don't want to be comparing like say Coca Cola to like Sprite because apparently it's just from Coca Cola itself. Right. They're all just like some companies from it. Right? Yeah, but that's really funny. Yeah. Okay, so about the messaging you mentioned. You would try to compare their brand with another competitor. Is that the one that you think will be most effective or do you want to try some other kind of messaging? That one is more for like a high quality clients. What I recommend right now is do a more generic message for like a large blast right now. Then once they have a throw like a really positive kind of impact, I can ask Lera to do a personalized response based on that. So it will save us some effort. Then also make this easier for us to get the campaign started. Okay. Yeah, sounds good. What do you think? Yeah, yeah, no, it sounds good. That is the most effective one. We can get started with that. Sorry, your name is pronounced as Liwa? Yes, Just. Yeah, you can call him Liwa or call him John. I don't know, like sometimes I'm okay with. I think. Yeah, yeah. So, okay, so I had. Look, I have developed certain capabilities, let's say sometimes many established accounts. Even though let's say they are selling a lot, they don't have any idea about how much profit they're keeping. And it's not very simple. I know there are softwares out there, but they are also not 100%. The most accurate one is what they get to see from the Amazon reports. There are some reports, specific reports. But then even after that, like it is very difficult to analyze, let's say 40,000 rows and then really try to understand where your money is going. So we have developed systems that are first of all going to compile all of those data and then show them where their money is going. And also have added an AI layer to it that will create a AI generated report saying hey, at the account level, this is where you stand and this is how you compare with the industry benchmark. And then also they will go in into some individual products and then compare that with the benchmark and create a report on that. So I have two more things. One more thing you can say that is regarding lifetime value, that will also look at their reports and first of all give the data at the account level and also top 10 products. And for one, the client I did that, it generates 26 describing all of those things in A specific way. So these are kind of audits. Along with that, we can also do add on it. So do you think I should think about some other options of messaging and test whether they will work or not? As I mentioned, right. The previous strategy I mentioned when I met you in person as well, like the madness style, like, hey, how successful the others do. What is the cost comparison kind of style or like, like what kind of ROI that you can bring it over to them. The third one is, hey, free offering. Right? Like what kind of free stuff they can offer to get them on board first or guarantee kind of model. Right. Like all these kind of things with the main strategy for messaging. Right. We can take like one of those, do a test, like, see work better. Yeah. Okay, so you're suggesting we stick to the one that you. You're offering, like you're proposing right now and not try the one that I'm suggesting? Is that what you're. No, no. I mean, we. Because the message we can do abc, abcd. Okay. Okay. So you're also. Got it, got it. You're also asking me to come up with the ideas and then eventually we'll do a B test. Yeah, yeah. And do like the testing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But. But the thing is, like, you have to have a large list, right? So you're either focusing on one niche or either focusing on testing the message. And you cannot do both because if you're focusing one niche, like the amount is limited to you probably the messaging testing is not kind of the data is not enough. Right. That's if. Got it, got it. You can't even prove that. That the message works well. So just need to be careful on this. Other than that, you know, I will send you a list of what we need. And then you can also send us some. Whatever kind of idea that you have. And then we consolidate a great game plan for like next month or something so you can know what category we want to focus, what kind of messaging style that we're looking for, how many leads that we apologize. Like these things, this kind of matrix to set it up so we can have a clear timeline to give you the result on a weekly basis. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Right. All right. Yeah. That's all I wanted to say. Now you can go ahead with whatever you wanted to talk. All right. Right. I just want to show you some like, techniques and what we're doing and then you're feeling okay, then we can, you know, move forward. And then I just want to introduce L to you as well. So you know, he's been he need to work close to me. So, you know, he's going to give a quick update. So normally Lea will give you the most of update. He will execute killing both of the stuff. So I just want to introduce you right here as well. And then nice, nice to meet for you. Full speed, guys. And then, you know, you can keep the conversation active in the. Right. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. So that's pretty much it on my side. All right. All right, hold on one second. So let's summarize it a little bit. I will be sending you the list of titles that I told you about, perhaps also some messaging. But that's. There's no rush regarding that because right now the audience set is not that big to conduct this ab testing. Right. As you suggested. Second thing is, li, you'll be sending me what you need from me. What are the things you need from me? Right? Yes. Yeah, we have the onboarding form. We have a onboarding form on the drive. You can also send forward him over. So we fill it down for like the target icp. Like the ICP form. And then you know, you can use that one. Yeah. Okay. Sounds good. Awesome. Thank you so much. Yeah, thank you. Have a nice weekend. Likewise. You too. You too.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: And then Le can take it from there and walk you through like how we identify ourselves, the buying signal. And I actually asked him to drop up like around like 300, 300 leads of people so we can review it a little bit and then basically can give us some idea. And then next week we can kind of see if we can launch the campaign by the end of the next week. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So Lea, you want to walk to Hanu or maybe give him a brief introduction about yourself?

Speaker C: Yeah, for sure. How you doing? I am liwa. I used to be a lead generation specialist and I used to be a top performer in my team and I ranked up and ranked up along the way and now here I am working closely with Evan and what I've been tasked, what I've been tasked to do is use that lead generation expertise that I had before with campaign managing right now. And Evan asked me to make a lead list for you for CPG Edge in order to, you know, find, find, find more leads outreach to maybe find new clients who to avail their services with. So I managed to do, I managed to make. Let me pull up my list real quick. How is this? I managed to find 396 leads for us to use in outreaching campaigns. I can expand this more. I'm still starting up and learning more about it and I'm still trying to. By learning more about it I mean like which, which niches do we want to target? I'm still learning, looking into it more. We can Definitely expand this 396 leads more. But my thought process on this and please please feel free to give any comments or approval or criticisms about this. My thought process with this is that I searched up leads who are specifically working in the CPG industry, of course. And we have an AI tool that filters out every single company and we, we every single company and making sure that these companies are truly in the CPG category. And then I was searching up for people that are working for E commerce, digital marketing, even business owners. And from those lists I had our AI tool filter it out to only people that are specifically working in the CPG business in the CPG industry. And from that list like I had, I had to filter down 7,000 leads. I had to filter it down to make sure that we have high quality leads and we filtered it down with only three with 396 entries right now. But I can still expand this more. Also for this I also focus on North America if you want me to expand. Unlike other, you know, other regions in the world, I Can do that but I focus mostly on North America but definitely can expand this leads more. 396 these are all E commerce related. These are all digital marketing, brand marketing. Let me check the other filters. I put sales marketing, marketing executive and whatnot.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, Lewa. And also can you briefly walk a little bit about the buying signal, like how you guys do it in SI for the messaging? You know, how you do research about each client so it's easier for us to teach them and stuff. You know, hey, we see you have the needs like that and then maybe walk in for a little bit or two about, you know, how we scam the Amazon sellers, you know, the sales revenue type of things and then so Ham will know that hey, how we get these people from and how we identify them?

Speaker C: Yeah, for sure. So yeah, I used to work in si. I used to work as a lead generation representative. I used to find several leads, probably like 500 leads every month or some are along those numbers. And how we used to do it is that we, we really dive down deep into what these Amazon sellers are selling. Not just CPG products, but a lot of products in general. And what we used to do is we make a comparison between their product, their asin, right? And we compare it to a direct competitor and we pitch it in such a way that hey, by the way, this is your product, this is a direct competitor. Your competitor is like earning like this much more, three times more, five times more. We can give you some help with that, we can provide you some insights with that, whether it be through optimizing your listing, optimizing your, your keyword usage and whatnot, maybe even the images of your ASIN. And then from that, yes, we use Helium 10 for that. We use Helium 10 in order to find the direct competitor and make an analysis, make a good pitch. Because what we want to relate to them is hey, your product can be doing so much better. Your product can be doing so much better and we can help you with that. So if you avail of our services, both of us can have a win win condition on this one. That's how we were doing it on si. And so when we do that pitch, we sent a booking link to them and with that booking link they can book a call with us and we give them a quick peek at what we can give you when it comes to our services. And then from that if we get the booking link, get going. If the call goes well and they avail of our services, then that's a win for everyone.

Speaker A: Right?

Speaker C: That's how we were doing it in lead generation. Si.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So Vaas, if you have any question you can feel free to ask right now. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: So a few things. First of all about the CPG companies that you are trying to find. You know, even I have trouble defining what should we include in cpg? What kind of companies? So for now, what kind of companies are you considering under cpg?

Speaker C: Yeah, so they directly make or sell food, beverage, beauty, household and other packaged goods that are daily replenished and used by, by people in their daily lives. Like you know, toiletry and whatnot. Those are what we define as cpg.

Speaker B: Okay. And also dietary supplement too in that one. That's a big one for me. Dietary supplement is also. You can consider that as a cpg.

Speaker C: Yes, I also include pharmaceuticals in the filtering for this.

Speaker A: Yeah, mark down couple category that. So maybe the best for him because he probably has some cases more successful science to show though. You know, let's say diaper is a good one. So we can also focusing on the diaper industry to basically specify that one too.

Speaker B: You know, I'll tell you a little

Speaker A: bit about what another thing I want to mention.

Speaker B: Yeah, do you want to go ahead first?

Speaker A: Oh, oh yeah. What I want to mention is. Yeah, sorry. Yeah, what I want to mention is because the strategy that we doing, right, we're going for volume. Let's let's say for diaper brands we only have like certain amount, like probably 200, 500 North American. Then it's, it's done like right. The thing is like you need to consider the volume that we are sending. Maybe VIVA can give you an estimation of per month how many we can send for connection for people. So based on that you can basically we set up a timeline for each project or each age for you to pass out. Hey, this category we have around a thousand people and 5,000. So each one at which stage can test maybe less this month we can test two to three categories. Then you know, based on the volume of capacity that we have sent, maybe we can, you know, frame our project line timeline like this so it's easier for us to pass it out and it's easier for you to keep on track. Okay, this one works better for me. And then we can basically kind of narrow down and then we can double down the thing that it works.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, makes sense. And second thing was which titles at those companies are we trying to connect with?

Speaker C: Yeah, I could run you through with every single one, but the gist of it is E Commerce managers, directors of E Commerce Marketing managers, marketing specialist, sales and marketing managers, owners, business owners and co owners of brands that are CPG aligned. Those are like the main gist of all of the current job titles that I had filtered out.

Speaker A: Yeah, right.

Speaker B: You know what, I have also seen the. I mean I have tried to connect with people from my own account.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: And I feel that even positions like the CMOs or Vice President of marketing or you know, directors, vice president, cmo, all of those areas also are okay. On top of that, let's say cso, Chief Strategy Officer, or anyone who is related to growth. Right. Though all those positions may be related to this area of E commerce, they may also be able to take decisions regarding this. So so far this is what I have experienced based on the clients that I work with. They are directly involved in this process. So that's why I'm suggesting you also incorporate those rules. Yeah, I can say all of those again if you. If you want.

Speaker C: Yeah, I would appreciate that. I'm writing notes down for, for future.

Speaker A: You can send a list after that. So Levi can work on that. On that. We don't need to mention it in the meeting.

Speaker B: Sure, definitely.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: So yeah,

Speaker C: thank you for that. Yeah, I'll write. I'm writing these notes down because, you know, I want to make it as high quality as we can.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Just yesterday on my profile I had CHFA is happening. Chfa, the trade show. A vice president of a company reached out to me saying hey, we have some Amazon challenges I would love to discuss. And all I did was send a connection request to her. That's all. I didn't do anything. And.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly.

Speaker B: And Vice president. Yeah.

Speaker A: Oh, by the way, Soham, you have access to our Heywitch already, right?

Speaker B: I think so, yes. I accepted it. But I have to check.

Speaker A: You wanna log in your account in, like connect your account so you can run those connections automatically yourself? Like, I mean, obviously I will ask approval for your current kind of whatever people that you want to target, but at least you don't need to actively click it yourself or you send a connection.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: So I would suggest while we are preparing the dummy account, you can still lock your things up into the. Our, our system then, you know, actively running something

Speaker B: even. I was thinking that for my account, I. For now, I mean, I'm trying to. I'm kind of skeptical, honestly, to be honest. So I would not like to send connection request right now from my account using this system. Let it roll for a while and then as I, if I see that I'm feeling confident yeah, that.

Speaker A: That's totally fine. Let's keep the stuff running about. I know you skeptical about it. Don't want to rule your own. You have a good kind of followers.

Speaker B: Skeptical, not about your process. Yeah, exactly. That's what I'm skeptical about.

Speaker A: About, like, the system. I totally understand. Yeah. So anything else you want to ask us? And then maybe Leva also walks in for a little bit of what kind of information we need. Let's say booking links. Right? Yes. Testimonial, like, client detail. Like, all these things. Give Soham a list of things that we might need for the campaign. And Soham, if you have any ideal messaging or type of style that you're looking for, can give her a framework, and then Zira can send you an example, and then you can shrink it from there. Right. So it's like a small, like, active conversation here in the. Good chat. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Sounds good. One more question that I'll ask. You mentioned Helium 10 and Smart Scout, all of those stuff. So when you compare the competitors, is that something you are doing manually or is that you're doing some. Some like, let's say, vipi. Pulling computer information and then doing it. How are you doing that?

Speaker A: We are kind of Sammy and manually, but we have some tools we're trying to integrate right now to like, automate it. I actually tried this project with like you are before doing si. We use clay to automate the kind of. What's that called? Filtering process for. Hey, is that a good lead? And then kind of how we do research about a specific brand so we can kind of personalize the message for those brands. So we have like kind of semi dual right now because we want to ensure the accuracy first. We don't want to mess up. Hey. And then they will reply like, hey, we don't have this revenue. Hey, this is not our brand, and we don't want this thing happen. Right. So we're kind of in the middle of like, fully automated, but we kind of automate half the process of like, researching.

Speaker B: Right. You know, one miss, one post that I read a few days ago. So that was also an Amazon agency reaching out to them and brand owner, she posted and Amazon agency reached out to us saying, hey, your computer. This computer is doing more than this your company, and making fun of it in a way, saying that they don't know that this brand is also owned by us, so they should have done better research.

Speaker A: Yeah,

Speaker B: yeah. Anyway, I'm just mentioning that because, you know.

Speaker C: Yeah, that was. That's very interesting because when I was working as just a lead generation representative. I had to do my own personal research for that. Right. Because you know, I don't want to be comparing like say Coca Cola to like Sprite because apparently it's just from Coca Cola itself.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker C: They're all just like some companies from it. Right? Yeah, but that's really funny.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so about the messaging you mentioned. You would try to compare their brand with another competitor. Is that the one that you think will be most effective or do you want to try some other kind of messaging?

Speaker A: That one is more for like a high quality clients. What I recommend right now is do a more generic message for like a large blast right now. Then once they have a throw like a really positive kind of impact, I can ask Lera to do a personalized response based on that. So it will save us some effort. Then also make this easier for us to get the campaign started. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, sounds good.

Speaker A: What do you think?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, no, it sounds good. That is the most effective one. We can get started with that. Sorry, your name is pronounced as Liwa?

Speaker C: Yes, Just.

Speaker A: Yeah, you can call him Liwa or call him John. I don't know, like sometimes I'm okay with.

Speaker C: I think.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: So, okay, so I had. Look, I have developed certain capabilities, let's say sometimes many established accounts. Even though let's say they are selling a lot, they don't have any idea about how much profit they're keeping. And it's not very simple. I know there are softwares out there, but they are also not 100%. The most accurate one is what they get to see from the Amazon reports. There are some reports, specific reports. But then even after that, like it is very difficult to analyze, let's say 40,000 rows and then really try to understand where your money is going. So we have developed systems that are first of all going to compile all of those data and then show them where their money is going. And also have added an AI layer to it that will create a AI generated report saying hey, at the account level, this is where you stand and this is how you compare with the industry benchmark. And then also they will go in into some individual products and then compare that with the benchmark and create a report on that. So I have two more things. One more thing you can say that is regarding lifetime value, that will also look at their reports and first of all give the data at the account level and also top 10 products. And for one, the client I did that, it generates 26 describing all of those things in A specific way. So these are kind of audits. Along with that, we can also do add on it. So do you think I should think

Speaker A: about

Speaker B: some other options of messaging and test whether they will work or not?

Speaker A: As I mentioned, right. The previous strategy I mentioned when I met you in person as well, like the madness style, like, hey, how successful the others do. What is the cost comparison kind of style or like, like what kind of ROI that you can bring it over to them. The third one is, hey, free offering.

Speaker C: Right?

Speaker A: Like what kind of free stuff they can offer to get them on board first or guarantee kind of model. Right. Like all these kind of things with the main strategy for messaging. Right. We can take like one of those, do a test, like, see work better. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so you're suggesting we stick to the one that you. You're offering, like you're proposing right now and not try the one that I'm suggesting? Is that what you're.

Speaker A: No, no. I mean, we. Because the message we can do abc, abcd. Okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So you're also. Got it, got it.

Speaker B: You're also asking me to come up with the ideas and then eventually we'll do a B test.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. And do like the testing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But. But the thing is, like, you have to have a large list, right? So you're either focusing on one niche or either focusing on testing the message. And you cannot do both because if you're focusing one niche, like the amount is limited to you probably the messaging testing is not kind of the data is not enough. Right. That's if.

Speaker B: Got it, got it.

Speaker A: You can't even prove that. That the message works well. So just need to be careful on this. Other than that, you know, I will send you a list of what we need. And then you can also send us some. Whatever kind of idea that you have. And then we consolidate a great game plan for like next month or something so you can know what category we want to focus, what kind of messaging style that we're looking for, how many leads that we apologize. Like these things, this kind of matrix to set it up so we can have a clear timeline to give you the result on a weekly basis. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: That's all I wanted to say. Now you can go ahead with whatever

Speaker A: you wanted to talk. All right. Right. I just want to show you some like, techniques and what we're doing and then you're feeling okay, then we can, you know, move forward. And then I just want to introduce L to you as well. So you know, he's been he need to work close to me. So, you know, he's going to give a quick update. So normally Lea will give you the most of update. He will execute killing both of the stuff. So I just want to introduce you right here as well. And then nice, nice to meet for you. Full speed, guys. And then, you know, you can keep the conversation active in the. Right.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Thank you. Thank you. So that's pretty much it on my side.

Speaker B: All right. All right, hold on one second. So let's summarize it a little bit. I will be sending you the list of titles that I told you about, perhaps also some messaging. But that's. There's no rush regarding that because right now the audience set is not that big to conduct this ab testing. Right. As you suggested. Second thing is, li, you'll be sending me what you need from me. What are the things you need from me?

Speaker A: Right? Yes. Yeah, we have the onboarding form. We have a onboarding form on the drive. You can also send forward him over. So we fill it down for like the target icp. Like the ICP form. And then you know, you can use that one. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: Sounds good. Awesome. Thank you so much.

Speaker C: Yeah, thank you.

Speaker B: Have a nice weekend.

Speaker C: Likewise.

Speaker A: You too. You too.

