Transcript for: Recording__239.mp4
Title: Recording #239
============================================================

Those kinds of things. Like, a lot of the things, obviously you and her would, like, work on together to be like, here are the reasons why are on.com, we've dropped by 50%. Here are the things that are selling well. Here are the things that are not moving. Here's what we suggest we do. So, like, those are, like, the more strategic discussions that we need to be having more often versus, like, I know that we don't talk very often, but, like, it's always, like, tactical, like, hey, let's do this and let's do that, and da, da, da, da, da. And so, like, even I'd want her to, like, join our discussions as well, like, going forward, so that, like, we have an agenda of, like, things we need to address, and then we can kind of move through it, like, quick. But if you send me. If you guys send me that agenda ahead of time along with, like, this snapshot, then we can kind of say, okay, here's the reason why. So I'll send you this document to say, like, okay, here's kind of what I've pulled out and. And then I'll document some of my questions next to it to be like, okay, why this happened. Da, da, da. And then you and her can kind of, like, put together, I guess, like, a response to it. Right. And almost like a template of how do we document that going forward of, like, how do we jot down some lessons learned for the next prime? Right? So, like, should we have done a bigger discount on hydration sticks, more than 20%? Should we have, like, used Amazon influencers to promote that? Like, so what are some of the things we want to test out maybe for the next prime day? What went well? What didn't go well? Like, that kind of, like, audit of. Got it. Okay. See, it's like, really getting a. An overall understanding of what is going on across all these channels. What is not going okay, what is going okay day, and reason behind all of those things. And also kind of keeping track of or making a system of what we should be doing next time when we are in this kind of situation. Right, yeah, exactly that. So it's more like. It's those things that would be extremely helpful to me because, like, I found myself doing this, like, I started it, like, last night, and then I started. I continued to do it, like, this morning. And then I'm like, why am I doing this? Like, I need somebody who, like, could take this over because it's literally pulling the data out. And as I'm pulling it out, I'M looking at the numbers and I have so many questions. I'm like, why is this? Why is that blah, blah, blah. And then I'm like, I want to, like, type up a bunch of emails to you, which I often do. And I'm like, hey, can you give me the numbers for prime? And then the next question is like, hey, how was it last year? And, hey, how do we do this? And then, yeah, so when I was like, looking at our prime numbers and I was like, we did really, really well in Canada, but we did really shitty in US like, our last year's numbers were like, double what they are this year. Like, why? And so, like, it's more like, understanding of like, I'd want her to be that, like, point person for pulling out the data, managing the inventory, and then putting together like a snapshot of like, what's going well, what's not going well, what are we moving? What are the challenges? How do we grow even bigger? What do we need? And so, like, being that, like, research insight person and like, I hope she's really good at numbers to be able to, like, pull out any insights that I may be missing of, like, what's not, like, clicking. We obviously know that we're doing really well in the States, but, like, is there something more that we could be doing that we're not? I know that, like, we couldn't be eligible for all the products. When it came to the prime day, when I was, like, looking at, like, people's. There were a couple of posts that I saw on LinkedIn yesterday and they were like, second day is much better than the first day. And I was like, well, not for us. And like, everybody that was responding to the thread, they were like, yeah, second day is like, on fire. And I was like, not for us. But then when I looked at last year's data, that was true. Like, our second day was stronger than the first day. So just kind of understanding, like, did we run out of inventory or whatever it was that we were selling? Did we, like, not forecast enough? Like, you know, and then having her look at like, our actuals versus our forecasted numbers to be like, okay, so, like, where is the difference between the two? Got it. Okay. Especially the inventory management part is going to be huge. I mean, huge. Yeah. Yeah. Because it was, it was even in, like, what you said in terms of, like, it makes we have like 15 to 20% of lost sales just because we're not managing inventory correctly. Yeah, that in and of itself is a huge problem that we've kind of been, like, sweeping under the rug. Of, like, oh, it is what it is, but, like, it can't continue. Yeah. So I definitely need her to, like, jump in. So obviously, like, today I'm just going to let the team kind of know that we're going to do Status Quo. We're going to run it today. But starting next week, like, you will forward the invite to her. So just give me her info. Sure. And then I think you have access to, like, all the, like, platforms, but, like, Shopify, Costco, all those Costco. She doesn't. Right. Do you have Cost? No, I don't have Costco. I don't. I have Shopify. Yes, she does. Okay, so you have Shopify. You could add her there. I think that for Costco, Kristen can give her. So you could type an email like, say, hey, Kristen, can we get Costco to Cost access to, like, Costco commerce hub? And we could kind of go from there. So I'll just give them, you know, heads up on that. But all in all, I'm super excited. I'm happy to help you grow. I know probably, like, originally when we were talking about you joining us, I was like, you know, we can't afford you, and now, like, we're. We're spending not only on your full time, but on somebody else's. So I'm really happy to see you grow and thrive as we grow and thrive. So thank you for all that you're doing and hopefully with her help, we'll be able to do even better. Yes. Because I think that, like, just managing that inventory correctly will be a huge help. And then helping me pull a snapshot of these numbers on a monthly basis alone will save me some time and will make our conversations more productive as well. Yes. And I think that she should be included, although you mentioned she should be included in our conversations, email communications. She's also out of everything. It's not like I am passing the information to her. She's the direct contact. It will be difficult for me and probably will not be sufficient for her. If I have to pass information, she has to be able to. And that's the thing. Like, so just so we know, like, kind of delineation between, like, what I'm asking her versus what I'm asking you. So that's why I kind of wanted you to have an understanding of how, like those 20 hours we kind of talked about, I'd want to broken down on, like, check the inventory. Like, for Costco, we need to do it like, three times a week. So, like, log in see what we're running low on add inventory. If there's not enough, flag it with me and Sean so that we ship more in, because that one actually doesn't go from Green Rabbit. That one goes from a different warehouse called pss. So ask Kirsten for access to PSS as well, for both of you. So inventory management will go to her. I'll always copy you on any kind of question. Inventory management insights. And then for you, it will be, like, new listings, strategy, questions. Like, all of that stuff that you and I kind of discuss, but, like, with word will be more granular and tactical stuff. That's right. That's right. Yeah. Okay, awesome. So I will fix this spreadsheet up, and then I'll send it over to you so that you could share it with her as well, and then we'll kind of go from there. Actually, prime should be in the month of June, so I'm gonna move it here. Two questions that I have. One thing. Will she. Do you think she will also need to communicate with the warehouse to manage some shipments to warehouse and all? Yeah, she might. So that might be part of the job, right? So let's say that we're getting a new item. Like the pretzels. They will say, okay, we need this item to be tested. So we'll need to create, like, a test order to. To send, like, the green rabbit to be like, do you guys see our test order? They'll be like, yes, we do, or, no, we don't. And then we'll remove that test order and we'll be able to list the item as well. So like. Or if we're like, okay, Sean says that he shipped it, but it's still not showing a green rabbit. Like, where's the product? So she might need to follow up with them to be like, have you received it? Because we're not seeing it in the system. So, like, those are all the intricacies of, like, trying to chase down the product. And, like, I think a few months ago, we've shipped cups and bars, I don't know if you remember, and, like, Green Rabbit lost it, and we're like, where is it? And so, like, lo and behold, like, if we didn't flag that, they wouldn't have had it in their inventory. And we were waiting. So not only were we out of stock for, like, two months, but we also lost the product that cost us money to produce and to ship. So it's. It's a lot of those things that I think if we're just more careful so what I would ask then from Sean is to be like, hey, Sean, like, this is our new Ops person for. And I would. I would describe it as like, an operational person for dtc, like, operational manager for dtc, and then say, like, all the shipments that are going to Green Rabbit or to Ottawa or to pss, copy her. Like, give her the documentation of what you're sending so that she could track it and, like, know when it's being received and compare. You know, there's ship, document to receive, document to make sure that the inventory count matches. Got it. So it's like, those kinds of things that we'll be a lot more diligent on, on catching, like, are the right things. And then again, depending, like, if that covers 20 hours or not. But, like, we could also add more things, and we should be adding more things, like reviewing those invoices. Like, is our, like, storage fee accurate? Are all the FedEx fee accurate? Like, is some of it, Like, I know when I reviewed it, I was like, we shouldn't be paying 50 bucks for a FedEx. Like, it only had two items in the box. Like, there's certain things that we could definitely catch savings on if we just paid a bit closer attention to. Okay, got it. Yeah. So all of those things will, like, come up, like, as she gets more comfortable. I think the first and foremost thing is, like, let's get her access to all the platforms and then so she could at least have a snapshot. And then next week, we can kind of get her to actually do it with us. And then the week after, she could kind of take over. And then I know you're writing, like, a summary of the prime stuff and kind of what went on and, like, why. So copy her on that, too, so that she sees, like, the insights from that or if she's helping you with that, like, whatever it is. But, like, we could start, like, the introduction and kind of collaborate. Collaboration, sure. Yeah. As a team. So she is starting from next week, right? Okay. Monday. Monday. What do you think? Yeah. Okay. I'll talk to Kristen to see, like, when she could sit down with her and train. Okay. But you could start getting her access before that, obviously. Today and tomorrow. Got it. Okay. All right. All right. Yeah, we'll figure everything, Every details out as we move forward. Yeah, that's. I'm excited. Yeah. I'm also excited. One final thing about this, then. How should I be billing for it? Should I be billing monthly or. Monthly? Okay. Add it, like, to the invoice. Like, 20 hours. Yeah, got it. So it's like. I'll calculate. Okay, let me do that. 25, and you could do, like, 10 hours to platinum. 10 hours to no sugar. Got it. Okay. Yeah, sure, we'll do that. So it's like 85.7 hours a month. Good. Okay. All right, then. That's impressive. All right. Is there something else that you want to discuss today? No, not yet. And we're catching up. Catching up again tomorrow? Yeah. Yeah. All right. Awesome. Yeah. Thank you so much. Yeah. All right, Talk soon. Yeah. Bye now. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Those kinds of things. Like, a lot of the things, obviously you and her would, like, work on together to be like, here are the reasons why are on.com, we've dropped by 50%. Here are the things that are selling well. Here are the things that are not moving. Here's what we suggest we do. So, like, those are, like, the more strategic discussions that we need to be having more often versus, like, I know that we don't talk very often, but, like, it's always, like, tactical, like, hey, let's do this and let's do that, and da, da, da, da, da. And so, like, even I'd want her to, like, join our discussions as well, like, going forward, so that, like, we have an agenda of, like, things we need to address, and then we can kind of move through it, like, quick. But if you send me. If you guys send me that agenda ahead of time along with, like, this snapshot, then we can kind of say, okay, here's the reason why. So I'll send you this document to say, like, okay, here's kind of what I've pulled out and. And then I'll document some of my questions next to it to be like, okay, why this happened. Da, da, da. And then you and her can kind of, like, put together, I guess, like, a response to it. Right. And almost like a template of how do we document that going forward of, like, how do we jot down some lessons learned for the next prime? Right? So, like, should we have done a bigger discount on hydration sticks, more than 20%? Should we have, like, used Amazon influencers to promote that? Like, so what are some of the things we want to test out maybe for the next prime day? What went well? What didn't go well? Like, that kind of, like, audit of.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. See, it's like, really getting a. An overall understanding of what is going on across all these channels. What is not going okay, what is going okay day, and reason behind all of those things. And also kind of keeping track of or making a system of what we should be doing next time when we are in this kind of situation.

Speaker A: Right, yeah, exactly that. So it's more like. It's those things that would be extremely helpful to me because, like, I found myself doing this, like, I started it, like, last night, and then I started. I continued to do it, like, this morning. And then I'm like, why am I doing this? Like, I need somebody who, like, could take this over because it's literally pulling the data out. And as I'm pulling it out, I'M looking at the numbers and I have so many questions. I'm like, why is this? Why is that blah, blah, blah. And then I'm like, I want to, like, type up a bunch of emails to you, which I often do. And I'm like, hey, can you give me the numbers for prime? And then the next question is like, hey, how was it last year? And, hey, how do we do this? And then, yeah, so when I was like, looking at our prime numbers and I was like, we did really, really well in Canada, but we did really shitty in US like, our last year's numbers were like, double what they are this year. Like, why? And so, like, it's more like, understanding of like, I'd want her to be that, like, point person for pulling out the data, managing the inventory, and then putting together like a snapshot of like, what's going well, what's not going well, what are we moving? What are the challenges? How do we grow even bigger? What do we need? And so, like, being that, like, research insight person and like, I hope she's really good at numbers to be able to, like, pull out any insights that I may be missing of, like, what's not, like, clicking. We obviously know that we're doing really well in the States, but, like, is there something more that we could be doing that we're not? I know that, like, we couldn't be eligible for all the products. When it came to the prime day, when I was, like, looking at, like, people's. There were a couple of posts that I saw on LinkedIn yesterday and they were like, second day is much better than the first day. And I was like, well, not for us. And like, everybody that was responding to the thread, they were like, yeah, second day is like, on fire. And I was like, not for us. But then when I looked at last year's data, that was true. Like, our second day was stronger than the first day. So just kind of understanding, like, did we run out of inventory or whatever it was that we were selling? Did we, like, not forecast enough? Like, you know, and then having her look at like, our actuals versus our forecasted numbers to be like, okay, so, like, where is the difference between the two?

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. Especially the inventory management part is going to be huge. I mean, huge. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: Because it was, it was even in, like, what you said in terms of, like, it makes we have like 15 to 20% of lost sales just because we're not managing inventory correctly. Yeah, that in and of itself is a huge problem that we've kind of been, like, sweeping under the rug. Of, like, oh, it is what it is, but, like, it can't continue. Yeah. So I definitely need her to, like, jump in. So obviously, like, today I'm just going to let the team kind of know that we're going to do Status Quo. We're going to run it today. But starting next week, like, you will forward the invite to her. So just give me her info.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: And then I think you have access to, like, all the, like, platforms, but, like, Shopify, Costco, all those Costco. She doesn't. Right. Do you have Cost?

Speaker B: No, I don't have Costco. I don't. I have Shopify. Yes, she does.

Speaker A: Okay, so you have Shopify. You could add her there. I think that for Costco, Kristen can give her. So you could type an email like, say, hey, Kristen, can we get Costco to Cost access to, like, Costco commerce hub? And we could kind of go from there. So I'll just give them, you know, heads up on that. But all in all, I'm super excited. I'm happy to help you grow. I know probably, like, originally when we were talking about you joining us, I was like, you know, we can't afford you, and now, like, we're. We're spending not only on your full time, but on somebody else's. So I'm really happy to see you grow and thrive as we grow and thrive. So thank you for all that you're doing and hopefully with her help, we'll be able to do even better.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Because I think that, like, just managing that inventory correctly will be a huge help. And then helping me pull a snapshot of these numbers on a monthly basis alone will save me some time and will make our conversations more productive as well.

Speaker B: Yes. And I think that she should be included, although you mentioned she should be included in our conversations, email communications. She's also out of everything. It's not like I am passing the information to her. She's the direct contact. It will be difficult for me and probably will not be sufficient for her. If I have to pass information, she has to be able to.

Speaker A: And that's the thing. Like, so just so we know, like, kind of delineation between, like, what I'm asking her versus what I'm asking you. So that's why I kind of wanted you to have an understanding of how, like those 20 hours we kind of talked about, I'd want to broken down on, like, check the inventory. Like, for Costco, we need to do it like, three times a week. So, like, log in see what we're running low on add inventory. If there's not enough, flag it with me and Sean so that we ship more in, because that one actually doesn't go from Green Rabbit. That one goes from a different warehouse called pss. So ask Kirsten for access to PSS as well, for both of you. So inventory management will go to her. I'll always copy you on any kind of question. Inventory management insights. And then for you, it will be, like, new listings, strategy, questions. Like, all of that stuff that you and I kind of discuss, but, like, with word will be more granular and tactical stuff.

Speaker B: That's right. That's right. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, awesome. So I will fix this spreadsheet up, and then I'll send it over to you so that you could share it with her as well, and then we'll kind of go from there. Actually, prime should be in the month of June, so I'm gonna move it here.

Speaker B: Two questions that I have. One thing. Will she. Do you think she will also need to communicate with the warehouse to manage some shipments to warehouse and all?

Speaker A: Yeah, she might. So that might be part of the job, right? So let's say that we're getting a new item. Like the pretzels. They will say, okay, we need this item to be tested. So we'll need to create, like, a test order to. To send, like, the green rabbit to be like, do you guys see our test order? They'll be like, yes, we do, or, no, we don't. And then we'll remove that test order and we'll be able to list the item as well. So like. Or if we're like, okay, Sean says that he shipped it, but it's still not showing a green rabbit. Like, where's the product? So she might need to follow up with them to be like, have you received it? Because we're not seeing it in the system. So, like, those are all the intricacies of, like, trying to chase down the product. And, like, I think a few months ago, we've shipped cups and bars, I don't know if you remember, and, like, Green Rabbit lost it, and we're like, where is it? And so, like, lo and behold, like, if we didn't flag that, they wouldn't have had it in their inventory. And we were waiting. So not only were we out of stock for, like, two months, but we also lost the product that cost us money to produce and to ship. So it's. It's a lot of those things that I think if we're just more careful so what I would ask then from Sean is to be like, hey, Sean, like, this is our new Ops person for. And I would. I would describe it as like, an operational person for dtc, like, operational manager for dtc, and then say, like, all the shipments that are going to Green Rabbit or to Ottawa or to pss, copy her. Like, give her the documentation of what you're sending so that she could track it and, like, know when it's being received and compare. You know, there's ship, document to receive, document to make sure that the inventory count matches.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: So it's like, those kinds of things that we'll be a lot more diligent on, on catching, like, are the right things. And then again, depending, like, if that covers 20 hours or not. But, like, we could also add more things, and we should be adding more things, like reviewing those invoices. Like, is our, like, storage fee accurate? Are all the FedEx fee accurate? Like, is some of it, Like, I know when I reviewed it, I was like, we shouldn't be paying 50 bucks for a FedEx. Like, it only had two items in the box. Like, there's certain things that we could definitely catch savings on if we just paid a bit closer attention to.

Speaker B: Okay, got it.

Speaker A: Yeah. So all of those things will, like, come up, like, as she gets more comfortable. I think the first and foremost thing is, like, let's get her access to all the platforms and then so she could at least have a snapshot. And then next week, we can kind of get her to actually do it with us. And then the week after, she could kind of take over. And then I know you're writing, like, a summary of the prime stuff and kind of what went on and, like, why. So copy her on that, too, so that she sees, like, the insights from that or if she's helping you with that, like, whatever it is. But, like, we could start, like, the introduction and kind of collaborate. Collaboration, sure.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: As a team.

Speaker B: So she is starting from next week, right? Okay. Monday. Monday. What do you think?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I'll talk to Kristen to see, like, when she could sit down with her and train.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: But you could start getting her access before that, obviously. Today and tomorrow.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. All right. All right. Yeah, we'll figure everything, Every details out as we move forward. Yeah, that's.

Speaker A: I'm excited.

Speaker B: Yeah. I'm also excited. One final thing about this, then. How should I be billing for it? Should I be billing monthly or.

Speaker A: Monthly?

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Add it, like, to the invoice. Like, 20 hours.

Speaker B: Yeah, got it. So it's like. I'll calculate. Okay, let me do that.

Speaker A: 25, and you could do, like, 10 hours to platinum. 10 hours to no sugar.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. Yeah, sure, we'll do that. So it's like 85.7 hours a month. Good. Okay. All right, then. That's impressive. All right. Is there something else that you want to discuss today?

Speaker A: No, not yet.

Speaker B: And we're catching up. Catching up again tomorrow?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. All right.

Speaker A: Awesome.

Speaker B: Yeah. Thank you so much. Yeah.

Speaker A: All right, Talk soon.

Speaker B: Yeah. Bye now.

Speaker A: Bye.

