Transcript for: Recording__536.mp4
Title: Recording #536
============================================================

Those things are, you know those. Those pieces that needs to be done in order to manage a brand. Then when it comes to making the strategy, do you work with someone else, A manager or another digital marketer who with whom you come up with a strategy or like how does it work? Yes sir. In previous I have worked with that agency and I have handled around five brand there and. And under with me there is a two team member also. So like strategy. First we upload the product, then we start the campaign. Then we do the SEOs according to our competitor and data research and we index the keywords. Then we apply that like campaigns. First we applied it auto auto campaigns from where we extract the keywords. On which keywords we are getting good impression. On which key keywords are we getting good sale. Then we those keywords we use in our listings. So like that we have a good conversation. In my previous. Got it. Okay, well, a few things that I would like to ask. Oh, you cannot hear me at all? Yeah. Okay. I think it may be because of my mic. It sometimes doesn't work properly. Is it better now? Yes, sir. Okay, so let me know whenever it goes down. Maybe it's because of my position, who knows. Anyway, so thanks for giving me some background about what you do now. What I wanted to ask you is about. I mean you already have a. You are already working some somewhere. You're still employed there, right? Yeah. And you were looking for a job. New job, new opportunity. So what are you looking for in the new job? Can you please pardon? I'm saying that. Is it really difficult to hear me? Yes, your voice is very low. Actually I'm not able to get. I have no idea what is going on. Okay, so let me see. Okay, so please tell me if it is better now. Yeah, yeah. It's not. It's better. Okay. I have no idea. It may go down again but I'm not sure what exactly is wrong. Anyway, let's try. So I wanted to ask you that you were looking for a new opportunity. So what exactly are you looking for? What is not working out at your current job? Yeah, actually they having like budget issues and money issues. Actually they are giving mostly product to the Walmart warehouses and due to that we do not. Do not have the uh, like products for the other platforms. So they are. And they are getting their products from like from China and they're having an issue for the shipments. Also they are getting delayed shipments productions. That's why they are decided to. That's why they are decided to relieve that remote teams and they are going with their physical team which are available in the US and Canada only. Got it. Okay, I see. Okay. So you. That's why you don't feel like it's a safe place to stay. And that's why I need to find a new opportunity. Yes. So now you know what if I ask you about an ideal opportunity for you? What would be ideal for you? I mean, will you. Would you want to do something? I mean what would be. Let me just put it there. What would be ideal job situation for you if you had to join new company? It should be a criteria. Criteria should be matched with my profile and it's a main thing that that criteria should be matched with my profile. Then I will join some company and there will be a respectful companies and all will be good. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So now I wanted to ask you. You see, we are based in Canada, so there has to be some overlap between our workers. So for example, if we decide that there should be an overlap between the. At least the first hop. So 9:00am EST to 1:00pm EST, that would mean 6:30pm to 10:30pm at, in India. Yes. So will you be okay with that? That kind of hours. That's just four hours. This is from last two years. I'm doing the like a night shift only from work, from home only. So it's not a task for me. Okay. It's not a problem. Okay. And what I want to ask you is about your salary expectations. What do you expect in a new job? Actually, so in MQRS I'm getting it 45k. If it can be the same or it's. If it can be a more than this, then it's a good if. If it can be the same, it's not an issue because I'm searching for the work from home only because in morning I can handle my child's. That's why. Yeah, yeah, I understand that. Okay. Well, you know, all these sound good. I am. You know, it would be ideal for us who can. Let's say we are onboarding a new client, right. So this person, the new hire, she should be able to understand the current situation of the client. Client, analyze it and understand the objectives of the client. Based on these two pieces of information, she should be able to come up with a plan of action. So basically a strategy and a plan of action. Yeah. Now, so first we have go through all the product of that client and we see what are the missing over there. How can we implement or improve the listings and how can we like increase the visibilities on Amazon. Then we make some report reports and we consider with our team members and then we do the action and make the strategies. Right? That is right. Yeah. But I was just trying to explain that this is the kind of role it is. I thank you for telling me. Give in short, how you how it's done. But what I wanted to say is based on these two pieces of information, we should be able to come up with the strategy and action plan and also deliver on that. So I'm looking for that person in the company. The reason is we are, we have too much on our plate at this point. So this person, if this person comes in and takes these things off our plate will be able to first of all work more on the company's growth and also be able to take on more clients. So that is the reason we're looking for this person now in order to, I mean so do you think you're comfortable with this strategy and also to some extent, you know, the making the plan and then also delivering on those. And if there are certain KPIs, you need to be able to maintain them and then I mean monitor them and then if something is not working out, you need to be able to point out and then plan what needs to be done. All this stuff. So do you think you're comfortable with this kind of rule? Yes sir, I'm comfortable comfortable with this kind of work. So this is what you have done in the, in the past. I have done in the past like easy life system. Got it, Got it. Okay, awesome. So that is kind of it. Now we talked about the availability, we talked about the salary, we talked about the role. What I would say is as the next step, what I would do is I would come up with an imaginary situation. I'll say not right now, I'm going to send it to you later within, within the next one or two days. And it's an imaginary situation of a client that we are going to onboard. So I'll give you describe the situation of the client and the objectives based on that. What I'll ask you is to make a detailed plan of action. So basically what you have to do. So I'm just trying to verify whether, how, how well you can strategize and the plan, what do you do with it. So that's what we'll try to see with that assessment and that's the next step. Okay. Yeah. What I'll request you is if you are sincere about it, then I will request you to take some time and Work on it, give a detailed plan, make it as detailed as you can because based on that will be assessing the people we are, we are talking with and make a decision. That's the last step. You can see this assessment. So yeah, that is what I also wanted to talk to you about. Okay, sir. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So I, I think that is all from my end. Unless you want to ask some questions. Nothing like that. It actually, this is not your own brand. You are giving the service to your clients, right? That is right, yes. Okay. Although we have some other things going on. For example, we, we thought, well, since we're in the space, if we see any opportunities, we'll be launching, we'll probably be launching some of our own products too. So those are small little things that are also going on. But that's not the primary thing. It's the client providing services to our client. That's the main service. Yeah. Okay. That's it. Nothing like that. Yeah. And also I wanted to clarify, I mean, you said that you. There are certain expectations from the candidates that they want to work in a certain type of company. So I do want to clarify that. We are a very small company, by the way, right now we are just three people. We are just three people with some clients. But then it's a priority for us to maintain a good work environment where everyone is transparent and everyone wants to support each other in their career and also in their personal life. So, you know, it needs to be an understanding situation, transparent and then supportive environment internally as well as also when it comes to providing services to our clients, the experience matters. So we need to go above and beyond to give them a great experience. Not only from the, from the service point of view, but also, you know, since we are all human being, there should be a good people to people connection too. So that is how we operate. That is what that is. That is one of the motto that we have in our company. Okay. Yeah. So that is all that I wanted to. Since you also wanted, I mean it would of course it will be great thing to have some information about how the company is. So that's the reason I wanted to talk to you about this. But that is all from my end and I will be sending you the assessment within, within the next one or two days. Before we go, one last thing that I want to clarify is we are based in Canada, right. So we don't have an establishment in India. And what I want to clarify is since that is the case, in order to hire somebody as an employee in India, one must have an establishment in India, which you don't. That means for tax reasons, you'll be a contractor, not an employee. But everything else is the same. It's just for the tax reasons. So will you be okay with that? Yes, I'm okay with that. Okay, cool. Awesome. So that is all. Thank you so much for taking the time to join the call. And I'll follow up with the assessment. Okay, thank you. Bye. Bye. Bye now. Thank you.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Those things are, you know those. Those pieces that needs to be done in order to manage a brand. Then when it comes to making the strategy, do you work with someone else, A manager or another digital marketer who with whom you come up with a strategy or like how does it work?

Speaker B: Yes sir. In previous I have worked with that agency and I have handled around five brand there and. And under with me there is a two team member also. So like strategy. First we upload the product, then we start the campaign. Then we do the SEOs according to our competitor and data research and we index the keywords. Then we apply that like campaigns. First we applied it auto auto campaigns from where we extract the keywords. On which keywords we are getting good impression. On which key keywords are we getting good sale. Then we those keywords we use in our listings. So like that we have a good conversation. In my previous.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay, well, a few things that I would like to ask. Oh, you cannot hear me at all?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. I think it may be because of my mic. It sometimes doesn't work properly. Is it better now?

Speaker B: Yes, sir.

Speaker A: Okay, so let me know whenever it goes down. Maybe it's because of my position, who knows. Anyway, so thanks for giving me some background about what you do now. What I wanted to ask you is about. I mean you already have a. You are already working some somewhere. You're still employed there, right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And you were looking for a job. New job, new opportunity. So what are you looking for in the new job?

Speaker B: Can you please pardon?

Speaker A: I'm saying that. Is it really difficult to hear me?

Speaker B: Yes, your voice is very low. Actually I'm not able to get.

Speaker A: I have no idea what is going on. Okay, so let me see. Okay, so please tell me if it is better now.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. It's not.

Speaker A: It's better. Okay. I have no idea. It may go down again but I'm not sure what exactly is wrong. Anyway, let's try. So I wanted to ask you that you were looking for a new opportunity. So what exactly are you looking for? What is not working out at your current job?

Speaker B: Yeah, actually they having like budget issues and money issues. Actually they are giving mostly product to the Walmart warehouses and due to that we do not. Do not have the uh, like products for the other platforms. So they are. And they are getting their products from like from China and they're having an issue for the shipments. Also they are getting delayed shipments productions. That's why they are decided to. That's why they are decided to relieve that remote teams and they are going with their physical team which are available in the US and Canada only.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay, I see. Okay. So you. That's why you don't feel like it's a safe place to stay. And that's why I need to find a new opportunity.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So now you know what if I ask you about an ideal opportunity for you? What would be ideal for you? I mean, will you. Would you want to do something? I mean what would be. Let me just put it there. What would be ideal job situation for you if you had to join new company?

Speaker B: It should be a criteria. Criteria should be matched with my profile and it's a main thing that that criteria should be matched with my profile. Then I will join some company and there will be a respectful companies and all will be good.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. So now I wanted to ask you. You see, we are based in Canada, so there has to be some overlap between our workers. So for example, if we decide that there should be an overlap between the. At least the first hop. So 9:00am EST to 1:00pm EST, that would mean 6:30pm to 10:30pm at, in India.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So will you be okay with that? That kind of hours. That's just four hours.

Speaker B: This is from last two years. I'm doing the like a night shift only from work, from home only. So it's not a task for me.

Speaker A: Okay. It's not a problem. Okay. And what I want to ask you is about your salary expectations. What do you expect in a new job?

Speaker B: Actually, so in MQRS I'm getting it 45k. If it can be the same or it's. If it can be a more than this, then it's a good if. If it can be the same, it's not an issue because I'm searching for the work from home only because in morning I can handle my child's. That's why.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I understand that. Okay. Well, you know, all these sound good. I am. You know, it would be ideal for us who can. Let's say we are onboarding a new client, right. So this person, the new hire, she should be able to understand the current situation of the client. Client, analyze it and understand the objectives of the client. Based on these two pieces of information, she should be able to come up with a plan of action. So basically a strategy and a plan of action.

Speaker B: Yeah. Now, so first we have go through all the product of that client and we see what are the missing over there. How can we implement or improve the listings and how can we like increase the visibilities on Amazon. Then we make some report reports and we consider with our team members and then we do the action and make the strategies.

Speaker A: Right? That is right. Yeah. But I was just trying to explain that this is the kind of role it is. I thank you for telling me. Give in short, how you how it's done. But what I wanted to say is based on these two pieces of information, we should be able to come up with the strategy and action plan and also deliver on that. So I'm looking for that person in the company. The reason is we are, we have too much on our plate at this point. So this person, if this person comes in and takes these things off our plate will be able to first of all work more on the company's growth and also be able to take on more clients. So that is the reason we're looking for this person now in order to, I mean so do you think you're comfortable with this strategy and also to some extent, you know, the making the plan and then also delivering on those. And if there are certain KPIs, you need to be able to maintain them and then I mean monitor them and then if something is not working out, you need to be able to point out and then plan what needs to be done. All this stuff. So do you think you're comfortable with this kind of rule?

Speaker B: Yes sir, I'm comfortable comfortable with this kind of work.

Speaker A: So this is what you have done in the, in the past.

Speaker B: I have done in the past like easy life system.

Speaker A: Got it, Got it. Okay, awesome. So that is kind of it. Now we talked about the availability, we talked about the salary, we talked about the role. What I would say is as the next step, what I would do is I would come up with an imaginary situation. I'll say not right now, I'm going to send it to you later within, within the next one or two days. And it's an imaginary situation of a client that we are going to onboard. So I'll give you describe the situation of the client and the objectives based on that. What I'll ask you is to make a detailed plan of action. So basically what you have to do. So I'm just trying to verify whether, how, how well you can strategize and the plan, what do you do with it. So that's what we'll try to see with that assessment and that's the next step.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. What I'll request you is if you are sincere about it, then I will request you to take some time and Work on it, give a detailed plan, make it as detailed as you can because based on that will be assessing the people we are, we are talking with and make a decision. That's the last step. You can see this assessment. So yeah, that is what I also wanted to talk to you about.

Speaker B: Okay, sir. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. So I, I think that is all from my end. Unless you want to ask some questions.

Speaker B: Nothing like that. It actually, this is not your own brand. You are giving the service to your clients, right?

Speaker A: That is right, yes.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Although we have some other things going on. For example, we, we thought, well, since we're in the space, if we see any opportunities, we'll be launching, we'll probably be launching some of our own products too. So those are small little things that are also going on. But that's not the primary thing. It's the client providing services to our client. That's the main service. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. That's it. Nothing like that.

Speaker A: Yeah. And also I wanted to clarify, I mean, you said that you. There are certain expectations from the candidates that they want to work in a certain type of company. So I do want to clarify that. We are a very small company, by the way, right now we are just three people. We are just three people with some clients. But then it's a priority for us to maintain a good work environment where everyone is transparent and everyone wants to support each other in their career and also in their personal life. So, you know, it needs to be an understanding situation, transparent and then supportive environment internally as well as also when it comes to providing services to our clients, the experience matters. So we need to go above and beyond to give them a great experience. Not only from the, from the service point of view, but also, you know, since we are all human being, there should be a good people to people connection too. So that is how we operate. That is what that is. That is one of the motto that we have in our company.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. So that is all that I wanted to. Since you also wanted, I mean it would of course it will be great thing to have some information about how the company is. So that's the reason I wanted to talk to you about this. But that is all from my end and I will be sending you the assessment within, within the next one or two days. Before we go, one last thing that I want to clarify is we are based in Canada, right. So we don't have an establishment in India. And what I want to clarify is since that is the case, in order to hire somebody as an employee in India, one must have an establishment in India, which you don't. That means for tax reasons, you'll be a contractor, not an employee. But everything else is the same. It's just for the tax reasons. So will you be okay with that?

Speaker B: Yes, I'm okay with that.

Speaker A: Okay, cool. Awesome. So that is all. Thank you so much for taking the time to join the call. And I'll follow up with the assessment.

Speaker B: Okay, thank you. Bye. Bye.

Speaker A: Bye now. Thank you.

