Transcript for: Recording__83 (1).mp4
Title: Recording #831
============================================================

Yes, please. Yeah, okay, one second. Yeah, this is the dashboard right now and it's, it has the updated up to date data. We don't have advertising data before January, of course, cannot get that. But yeah, we have data Till I think March 4th here. Okay, yeah, perfect. And then the other question on this was how are we moving to a place where we sort of see your forecast against actuals? Yes. So, okay, I have to move this data here. So we'll just keep it here and forecast data and then we can compare our actuals. The actuals will be here and you can see the forecast down below here. So we can compare it that way we can keep track of that. Right? Yeah. Because basically even just biweekly or just when we look in this, basically the things that we need to be able to see is what did we say we're going to do, what did we actually do? And then so that we can have the commentary discussion saying why did we overshoot or we undershot? What are all those reasons why? Exactly. And then we need to, we need to be able to see trends and stuff saying where are we really trending in terms of some of the asins? So, so I think this will do that. But yeah, it might be, it might be good because you have your forecasted units and then you are going to have your forecasted tacos, I think as well in there. But it might be good to add a line there then show home if that's the way that this dashboard has to work to kind of if you can do the calculation under your forecast or under the line where it's basically what was the percent hit or miss, were we under or over? So that every time I look at the dashboard I'm not having to manually do the math. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So just, just kind of just getting there because just for your knowledge as well. So every month Brittany is asked to report up to our board and externally out on, in our monthly financial report on how the E Commerce channels are doing. And she usually kind of pipes in on what are the top selling top, what are the wins, what are some of the challenges and things like that. And then from that too, there's also an internal company meeting where she draws from this dashboard to show trend lines of how the health of these accounts and the health of the asins. So she's going to come to this for that. And within that meeting, basically the finance team puts the budget in front of us and says, hey, everything, E Commerce, this is what you said you were going to do. How are you doing against that? So again, Brittany's going to come to that to make sure. And then we reforecast actually every quarter because we learn new things. Every quarter we've updated a new partner, We've had discontinuation. So Brittany again will be coming to your forecast to make sure that our forecasts and assumptions match. So that's again, just the importance of this document from a forecasting perspective. That's why it's so important to us. Got it? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah, sure, I will. Okay, so to summarize, we already have the forecasted data here, but you also need to add the, let's say the tacos target. Right. That we have at the account level so that we can also compare against actuals. And then that's the second thing on this. So I personally am really struggling with tacos because I understand roas. Yes. Yeah. And the issue here is, so is there abilities show home to add a ROAS line? Because it will just help. And it's not just me that understands roas, it's everyone else that we're reporting to and it's what we've reported and looked at historically. So I'm not opposed to changing our mindset of how we look at things, but just again, historically to bring everybody along, I need a Roas line. Sure. Okay. I can add one line somewhere here. And also it will be just an inverse of what you see as the tacos. Right? Yeah. So if it is 5%, so it will be 20 ROAS. Right. So that's what you'll get to see. Okay, so say that again. If it's 5% is what it's going to be 20 ROAS. Right. We're aiming for 10%. So it's we are our forecast or we are aiming to do maintain 10 ROAs for now. Right. So if it's 5%, it's 20 ROAs. So you're saying if I spend a dollar, I'm making $20. That's what we used to do. Now we are increasing the spin, right? Yeah. Yeah. So 10% you're saying is an accurate. So you're saying at 12%, your ROAS is 8.125. Okay, so how are you doing that math? It's just inverse. Okay, so 12% is 0.12. Right. And if you calculate the inverse of it. Let me bring another calculator. It's. It's going to be inverse of 0.12. So you have to divide one by 0.12. Basically, it's 8.33. Okay. Okay. So the ROAS is 8.3ft. And you're saying a healthy roas or a healthy tacos is 10%, which is a, which is a row as of 6, 8, 7. No, no. Okay. So it really depends on your objectives. So for many brands who wants to scale, they would prefer to keep the roas at let's say 5. So 20% tacos for the range is basically between 10 to 20% where 10% is more for profitability or slight growth. And if we move higher towards, towards 20%, that's for growth, that's the range. Okay, and so basically what you're saying is in terms of starting out where we're at, we're saying your tacos, you're saying is for our business right now, let's aim at 10 because we're still in a profitable environment at 10, which is a 5, which is a 10 ROAS. Yeah. So that's 10 ROAS, right? Yeah. Calculation. And I broke the, I just broke the, you know, and that's fine. As long as I can get this math in my head understood, then I can explain it out. No, I will do the, I will add a row here. I understand challenges because the languages that we use, the Amazon lingo is different from what we generally use in the marketing world. So. And the business world. So we need to add another row and that will show the true roas and it will be easier to communicate that way. Yeah, it would be a lot easier if you could do that where it's in the same place. But again, I also know from my own learning that tacos I again, I'm not close minded to understanding it differently and measuring that and forecasting that. I get that. I just want to make sure I'm doing it right. And then strategy wise we're saying we're targeting this, the 10 tacos because it gives us ability to grow but stay within a profitable target and then, and then over time we can stretch that a little bit. So 12 is a little bit high, we're saying still within a healthy range. Yes. Of keeping a room to 10. Okay. And it gives you the bandwidth to scale what you're saying. Right, exactly. Because we're only on March 6th. Then you're already at 90 units. Yes, and I was going to say that we are probably going to do a lot more than what we forecasted. So we need to adjust the forecast. Yeah, probably for snack. A lot more than the forecast because the forecast. So now we've only done three months out show home. So over the next like coming here to the end of March as we know more or as soon as you know more, update your assumptions in here so that we can make sure our inventory and our demand planning is all. Because as we rationalize these SKUs down and really hyper focus on these. Yeah, I hope we have some real volume but I just want to make sure we're taking care of that in the back end because I know we're out of inventory in the U of S right now because it just kind of turned on out of nowhere. So. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. All right. So okay, so that is all about. Yeah. And then if you could just, can you just walk us through. So if we were on our bi weekly touchpoint right now and you've updated the dashboard, how would you present this to us and how would you like to present this to us bi weekly and then we can just get used to the questions we're going to ask. Well, so I think we don't need to look at all these numbers. We need to define the important numbers that we need to take a look at. For example, the number of units that we are selling are their revenue versus how much ad spend, how much you're spending on ads and tacos. These are three important ones. Right along with that we can also review how it's doing compared to the forecast. Probably these are the four most important things that we can review. Correct. Okay, perfect. And sorry, which line item shows your spend in dollar amounts? Okay, this one spend. Okay. Yeah, there it is. Okay. Yeah. A lot of other question. This is for.caon.com Are your numbers and revenues in USD? Yes, that will be in US dollar on the dot com which is something I'm still setting up. I was having some issues with that. Yeah. Okay. That was just my other question on, on the dot com side. Okay. Okay. So do, do you want to ask or talk about anything else? I mean for the dashboard. Regarding the dashboard. Yeah, if you want. So we've looked at snacks to go here and so basically snacks to go is in good health on all aspects. So. And then you're basically saying I think we're going to overshoot what we already said for March. So you're going to build up that forecast a little bit or a lot. Whatever you think there. Can we look at the others? The other skus. How's the Camelina? Camelina is here. Okay. So in terms of the number of units, we just did 12 units so far until 4th of March. It's probably because it's also on sale on Our website. So we should. I'll share once Alicia and I finish the promo calendar for the year, I'll maybe then share that over with you because then those are the months that we can expect some dips, especially with like a site wide sale or obviously a Camelina sale. Then I'm assuming Amazon would go down a little bit maybe. Yeah, that could influence it. All right. And apart from that, this is how it looks like for this product. Number of units and it's not being advertised currently, so you don't see any ad data. And so what is that? Is that the five pack favas? Yes. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, five pack Favas. Yeah. Okay. And then we have. I also think we should swap. Sorry, go ahead. No, no, it's fine. Go ahead. I was going to say I want to swap that visual because it has, if you scroll up a bit, it still has the like new, which sometimes is helpful. So that I have on the agenda today because probably Show Home will start in prioritizing the pages. Right. Because we'll go back to that thing, Brittany, that we talked about is we know which items are going to go away and which items are going to stay. And so within sort of show homes realm of priorities. Okay, so now we've tackled snacks to go. Where are we at with that? We know we have a new launch coming. How do we want to build that out? And then third is, what's the next page we want to optimize? Is it the Camelina two pack? Maybe? Because we know it's a high performer. Is it this five pack of Favas? So let's save that bucket of all those details, Brittany, for when we look at the ASIN and do it all at once. Right, yeah. And I think I also need to take a look, take some time to make a list of things that we need to prioritize next. Okay. Yeah. That could also, for example, include videos, video asset for video ads. So I'll make a list of those things and I'll send you an email and you can of course discuss about them in our next call. Okay, yeah, that's great. Show Home. So you're saying your list of priorities, you'll make a recommendation on which items you want to focus on in what order and then the assets to go along with them. And then. Because the only thing I would just peg in there is and I don't know how robust those videos are, maybe they're, maybe they're easy to do or something. But we have our brand refresh coming this year where all new look in packaging and more investments in video and static ads and all that will start happening. Likely not till the summer. But I just want to make sure we don't like. As long as it's really simple to do now and not something that we have to do a lot of heavy lifting and spending right now just to do it over again when we have the new look. Basically right now it's not very complicated. Yeah. Okay. It's not. I'll send you some examples. They are mostly motion graphic. They're very simple. Okay. Yeah. Okay, now one, do you want to discuss about something? I have a few things. For example, the inventory planning and also wanted to talk about the new variety bags launch date. So I have a few things on my list. So let's just scan through these a little bit quickly because I do have a question. So for instance, we're not spending any ad dollars on the five pack favas, but it looks like we are spending a little bit on this fava. Exactly, we are, but we are slowing down because we're not going to sell this product anyway. Right. And reallocating that budget towards. For now I have allocated that towards the snack to go. But I'll also do allocate some for Catalina next. Okay. And then these ones down here and because I guess my only question there to show home because I guess the strategy with these is we're like we're running down the inventory so should we not keep a few dollars there to help do that? Like I don't want to run into shelf life issues and then have a big write like I don't know what's in there for inventory anyways. But do you think we should leave a little fire there to. Okay, so here's what I observed. We were advertising them mostly for branded keywords and we rank for the branded keywords anyway. So what I'm trying to do or test is to slow down on advertising these products for branded keywords and see what happens. If we see dip in the sail through and if it is very significant then probably we can spend some money on these products. But for now I'm just doing a test. Okay, that makes sense. Okay. And then we have the wholesome pack. So this is a variety of one of each bean. Okay. So that's been shut off and then more 40 grams winding down toppers. This is likely to go away, but yeah, no hard deadline there. And then the lentil variety. Right, we can probably look into the lentil variety, this one and also this one. The ones that are going to stay Basically and see how we can allocate some at dollars towards this. Right. Because that's what we are kind of saying. There was like whatever we said, I think it was like 2000 somewhere, 500 somewhere. And then the five other bucket. Exactly. Because is there a chickpea variety pack? I think this is the one. Oh, this is the lentil. Sorry. Oh, chocolate. I think this is the chickpeas one. No, this is a fava. Beans. I'm sorry, the names are very small. Yeah, no, these are fava. I cannot see chickpeas here. It must be missing from your report. Probably. And the reason I ask is because I know that chickpeas is a hot search term. So I believe that item does a little bit better in our variety packs. So maybe make sure you add that one in. I will do that. Yeah. It's probably taking a little bit longer to set it up properly, but I'm sure we get it moving from here. Okay, so. Would you like to discuss about something here from this dashboard? So no. Yeah, no, that's all my questions here. So it looks like we just have to add in the chickpea one as well. Right. All right, so now I wanted to ask you first of all about the new Verity packs launched it. Because I would like to think that's a promising product and. Yeah, yeah, good question. So right now, Shoah. So where we're at in sort of making the product is I'm just waiting from the printer for my press proof to make sure all the colors are good and then packaging's on order. So today is March 6th. I am hoping that we are making that product by mid April. So I think we could safely target. Let's safely target having product in Amazon ready to sell by May 1st. May 1st. Okay. Yeah. And I'll see if I can push that up. But I want to kind of give a safe date so we don't. Sounds good. And that's the same like shipping it in. Yeah, that's like literally like you can turn on and start selling on May 1st. So my hope is that we're making it by mid April and we're. The first thing we're doing is an Amazon shipment to get out of here and. Yeah, great. Okay. And that's one topic. And then another thing that I really wanted to talk about is inventory planning. The reason I wanted to discuss this is because on. I mean if we go to the Manage Inventory page and I'm more concerned about the snack to go variety pack, I see we have somewhere around 600 units right now. So even in Canada. Yeah. Yeah. So even if we assume the old sales rate, I mean we sold 670 units in February. Even if we assume that's the current sell through it, probably this is the time to send more because it's ideal to maintain two and half. Somewhere between two and a half to three months of inventory at Amazon. Yeah. Okay. Anub had sent some last week I believe, but I don't know the. The total. I'm just going to chat him right now. So he sent some into Amazon. We shipped. Yeah. Because we were talking about other things like chocolate, you know what I mean? So I do know that he did a shipment at least and I would assume. Yeah. And I definitely know we were talking about it in production. More snacks to go for Amazon. So. And this is why it's good. Show home. We'll start bringing Annabelle into these meetings so we can have 15 minutes on just inventory, other managing like back end stuff and make sure we're all in the know on what shipping, what's inbound, what's sitting there. Right. Okay. And one more thing is about the growth calculation. So we have to set a baseline revenue. Right. And that's according to that will be according to 90 days prior to we started managing the account. I sent you an email on that specifying the amount of sales and average monthly revenue. Yeah. Brittany, were you able to look at Natasha's reports and confirm that number? Like you obviously pulled out show home from the. From the back end? Yeah, those are right. And is your. And it was the US one. Did you calculate.ca&.com separately show home? Yes. Was the US one in USD? Yes. Okay, I'll probably ask that question. No, I also use the dollar sign US dollar sign there so it's hopefully will be clear. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Amazon, it's always going to be USD and it doesn't get converted until like Natasha H. Does it? Right. Okay. Yeah. All right. So I think you are good on that show home. All right. Thank you so much. And I think with that I have discussed pretty much everything on my list. I want to discuss the current situation and US Ad strategy. Oh, US ad strategy. That's one thing that I still have to discuss actually. So USA, we have 850 US dollar as our ad budget, right? No, that's Canadian dollars. Oh. So that's going to be. Yeah. All right. When I look at our total budget. Okay, let me just see here. 850. All right. So that's about how much we are spending right now. It's in that case it's more about where we allocate the same budget. Yeah. Okay, so two things. Can you correct that to 600 is your 600 USD? Sure, yeah. 600 with your budget and then in terms of where to focus that because yeah, I guess we don't have any snacks to go there. Obviously it would be snacks to go once. Once it's fulfilled. Yes. Do you have a recommendation show home? Because the same skus are going to go away eventually down there. But it's likely. I know lentils are doing really well down there and we have the 140 gram lentil variety. Yeah, that is doing well. That is in fact right now the best performer I think according to what I saw today. Yeah. So we're going to focus. When I was reviewing today, I thought that it would be better if we dedicate allocate most of the budget towards that SKU and also start slowing down on the 40 gram packs because we are again at point one advertising mostly for branded keywords. So we can experiment and see if we stop advertising for those branded keywords if they still sell or how much it gets impacted. Apart from that I forgot the exact sku but I think it's the fourth best seller. I'm sorry I don't have it in front of me right now but that is, that is again a backup three and I think we can also allocate some budget towards that product. So two of the products out of all in the U.S. so you're saying with that 600 USD because. Yeah, basically what you have down there is the lentils variety 140 grams, the chickpeas variety 120 grams and a fava variety 140 gram plus the snaps to go when it gets there. And the two pack Camelina. Right. Yes. But I don't think that's a. That sells really well or at least right now it's not. Okay. Yeah. So I was talking about this one and the fava one. These are the two I we can focus on right now. Okay. And I would, I would say if you have some dollars or two, the chickpea one is the chickpea tree packed again. Because I know that chickpeas are hot in this category. Chickpeas are one of the lead things. So if there are. But yes, I get your ranking there. Lentils favas then chickpeas, when the snacks to go hits, we definitely want to see what it can start doing down there. Sure. Yeah. Because for that launch of that new item show home, I don't think we will put that to the US until we know how it get going in Canada and see what this the and get things actually moving with the snacks to go in the U.S. sure, yeah, yeah. That's the solid plan. So question for you on that too. When you set that new item up, it's a variety pack. It's positioned the same, it's costed the same. Just a different, different, different pack. So the cost is going to be the same too. The price. Will you, will that be its own individual page ASIN item? Well, of course it will be its own asin, but its own individual individual page. Or will it be like on the snacks to go page as a second option? Well, so that's also something we can. It's a matter of discussion. I'd say there are a few different things to consider. Right. So first of all, in the beginning it's better if you keep it separate and participate in the fine program so that you can gather some reviews. Now it depends really on our budget. Can we allocate some extra budget for that product to advertise? If we can? Probably we should keep it separate if we want to. If we don't want to allocate more budget towards that product, then it's better to keep them together. Because that way you are just going to advertise one of the products and that will also give some visibility to the other one. Right. So it's more cost efficient. But we are of course losing out on the visibility. So what I'm hearing is your recommendation is we we put it as its own page so that we can get some early truck. We're going to have more success for Traction that way. Yes, if you have the budget. Well anyway in the beginning we are going to keep it separate anyway so that we can get some reviews. Fine reviews. Alright. Once that's done, it's going to depend on our budget. If we can allocate more budget towards that product to advertise, then we're going to keep it separate. That will help us get more visibility. Yes, it will be expensive towards the beginning but if we don't want to spend that money, then we have to keep this together. Two variety packs together. And so you're saying we can't take the current budget and split it off a bit from the snacks to go to start with Traction. Or there's two questions. Can we do that to get started? And then the second question is ideally, what is the injection of extra budget on a new item that has zero sales? Yeah, okay. I think, I think if we want to divert some budget from the snack to go, the current snack to go parity pack, it probably will not be a good decision because this is where we are going to get the most result. Right. So I don't want to reduce that. And the second question is, if we wanted to keep it separate, it's a new item, what kind of budget do we need to allocate? Right. And it's going to be heavy. I'll say again, it really depends on our objective, how heavy we want to go. We can even end up spending 30 to 40% of the revenue in the beginning, maybe in the first month, maybe you can say, oh, we'll allocate somewhere between maybe even thousand dollar. If we are really taking it seriously, then we can allocate thousand dollar a month just for this product. And for the first three or four months we can aim to spend about 30 to 40% of the revenue on average, a monthly average to launch this product. And then we can decide to slow down and get back to maybe 20 or 25% level for the next three months. Right? Yeah, that's how it will look. Okay, so I will take your ask and then I will tell you what we can do before launch. Sure. Yes. Okay. Yeah, because. Yeah, so yeah, we'll just re. Look at it because by then too we'll have those other ones gone. The, the off. The off one's near gone, I guess, not quite gone, but. Okay. So diverted budget. Kate. Okay, I have two questions. Sure. Yeah. I'm just chatting with the new boss. So if we're saying you said two and a half to three months. Yes. For the stacks to go inventory. So if we did 725 and 665, so like around 2000, we're basically asking for yes and yes. Especially since we're ramping up ad dollars there. Yeah, that's. And then the second question is. Sorry, Brittany, one more thing that I'll add here. So when I say two and a half to three months of inventory, I mean the forecasted quantity for two and a half to three months minus whatever we have at Amazon, minus the inbound quantity. These. Yeah, so. So okay, so because you're. So two and a half months, what does that number show? Home. That's six plus seven or maybe it's like 10. We'll say it's 2,000 units minus the 600 that's showing inventory right now. Yeah, minus whatever he has shipped already, Britney. Exactly. Yeah. And hasn't been received. And there's a way of. I'M not sure how you are calculating these numbers, but there is a way of. I wouldn't say automate, but you can download a report from Amazon and add some formulas in an Excel sheet and get this calculated very easily. Yeah. Okay. And the other question was, are you all set with those snacks to go photos from the designer? Okay, so I have already used the images on the listing, except for the main image. The main image is not okay. It will not be accepted by Amazon. Is it? It's too wide. It is, right? Yes. Yeah, right. They will, they will. They will be able to detect that we have. It's not just product, basically. Okay. I would. I assumed you would say that. So then I was waiting for. Yeah, yeah, if you want. They are there. I can give you some more examples. I'll just share my screen so Alicia can see. Yeah, maybe. I. I think it's so hard because it's a bag. Hey, like, I complain about this often, even to Alicia, even just for photography. It's so hard. Like a box you can snap, you can stack. Right. Or the one that you sent me for the example was those protein bars in a. In a box. Whereas, like, obviously the bag is different, but these are the new ones. Alicia. Okay. Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, we had her out this bag and then so, yeah, this is the one that's too big. So it should basically just be sort of slightly like an extension here, correct? Yes. And also keep some white space around the car, around the corner. Around the what, sorry? Like the borders do not cover it. I mean, here, I think you. It's covering the entire strip here, the top part of the image. Right. I don't know how I can describe that. So don't bring this to the. So keep like 5, at least 5 to 10 pixels of white space all around the image. Yeah. Okay. Then we kept that photo. Okay. At least. Yeah. So this is the thing too, like, because I know you're saying like in our redesign, because this again, when we rebrand, this whole bag is going to change. Show home. So when we get there, because these two items are specifically right now on E Commerce, when we get to redesigning this variety pack, I'll come back to you with some for your input. Basically. Yeah. Because it is a hard thing of like, these are specifically for E Commerce right now. So, you know, I probably spoke too soon last time saying like, no, no, no, no. We can't make this bag specific for E Commerce. We probably could in this rebrand, but I always need to keep in mind because sometimes we do do sometimes we do do in and out seasonal sell throughs around back to school and stuff with this item into retail. So we have to balance that. Sure, yeah. You know what, it doesn't say show home either. And I'm wondering if you think it matters if there's not really an icon for vegan. Okay, well we can add that for sure. Yeah, if you think. Because I just obviously we put on it what you like, what the stuff what you suggested. Right. This top search terms. But now I'm just thinking. Sure, yeah. Especially because we have the zesty cheddar in this one. I just don't know how to like maybe adding it to this page would make sense. Yeah, we also. And do you think. And do you want a separate one that's like its own page of like a made in Canada call up completely Just I feel like I was saying to Leisure like our ad comments and are just going nuts with people just wanting to support like literally this morning it said remember everyone to like and comment so that you're seeing Canadian only ads. Like. Right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's a good one. And I think it would also help if we test adding one Canadian icon on the main image. Somewhere on the main image. Yeah. Oh, it's there. It's there. People can see it's on the bag. It's just not very big. Like what if it was. It's tough because we have this here. Honestly. Show home. Do you think it's bad if you cover that 30 snacks with a bigger Canada grown. It says 10. 10. 10. Yeah. Right. So you could just cover that and make it to Canada. Yeah, because that is where I want to put it. And show home. Is that fine if the icon. Does it need to be exactly on the bag or can it go off a little bit? I think it's better if it goes off because that way it will look like it's not on the packaging. And remember the problem that I told you about? Yeah, right. Because we sort of have been like trying to shout it right like this. It may get flagged by the way by Amazon but we'll see what happens. Okay. Yeah. Even if it's slightly off because it would actually go nicely sort of like. Yeah. And then cutting this off. Okay, I'll send those updates and then add your assumption. Show home is. Well, once these images are done, this will be a common thing that you need for the new item. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. And I did let a new Bob know about 2000 minus whatever he sent in, minus whatever is on Hand. So that would be worst case scenario. We finally get good going and then it's out of stock. So. Yeah. All right. Okay. So maybe just while we're on the snacks. So the new item you police. We've said let's shoot for a May 1 launch. Launch like as in start selling date, May one launch date. We're gonna hold on USA until we get the traction and whatever going in Canada. Hold on USA and Canada. I'm just making notes here or. Yeah, hold on USA and then budget. Asking additional thousand per month for launch. Okay. Okay. Extra budgets. Yeah. Okay. Talked about that. Okay, that's good for the new item. And so and we concluded it's going to get its own page because again it's all about traction. So if you're saying don't just put it as a little add on to the snacks to go, let's make it its own K. And then we'll talk those details. Okay. Items set up mid April. We got that. Okay. Okay. And then in terms of just next priorities and optimization, you're going to come back show home with a recommendation on where we should not just even focus budgets but start optimizing some of the pages one at a time. Yes. And I'll send you an email on that. And then bi weekly. So we'll start adding Annabelle into these meetings. And I saw the emails about the snacks to go in the US so that that inactive was due to the fact that there was no stock. Yes. There's no issues there. Okay. Okay. Okay. So in terms of just next steps. So back up to the dashboard. You're going to complete the USA one so that we can take a look at that. You're going to make sure the chickpea variety is added to the CA1 because it was missing in there. We're going to update the forecast and maybe even forecast a little further out than just the three months on the items and add a roas line. Unless I can get my math real good on the. Sure. My fiance. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh, and then the forecast to actuals. You were just going to add a little line item in there just to make sure that we can simply see did we hit or we miss and then we can look back into the data. Yes. Okay. Okay. All right. I guess that's all from my side at least. Yeah. How long are you in India again for show home? I'm here till 27th March. Till 27th March. Okay. And then you come back. Okay. You're just trying to skip some winter months. Exactly. Yeah. But it's also warming up the 80s. I don't know if you see me sweating, but yeah, it's hot. It's getting hot here. Okay. Yeah. Need to. Need to go back to Canada soon. And you got all set up with Sheena and Natasha for payment, right? That's okay? Yeah, I filled out the form and send it to them. Okay. Okay. So that should be fine. And then at the. Is it at the end of every month, will you send me the growth report or you will send me and Britney the growth report, your 3% calculation. And then we'll approve it and then it'll be part of your invoice. Right. Okay. Awesome. All right, thank you so much. Yeah. Hey, have a great day. Yeah, have a wonderful day. Bye now. Okay, bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. It's hot. It's getting hot. It's getting hot here. Oh, it's getting on hot, Man. Can you not speak in English? What happened to you today? Getting hard. I need to go back to Catalyst. Okay. It's hard. Camera.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Yes, please.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay, one second. Yeah, this is the dashboard right now and it's, it has the updated up to date data. We don't have advertising data before January, of course, cannot get that. But yeah, we have data Till I think March 4th here. Okay, yeah, perfect.

Speaker C: And then the other question on this was how are we moving to a place where we sort of see your forecast against actuals?

Speaker B: Yes. So, okay, I have to move this data here. So we'll just keep it here and forecast data and then we can compare our actuals. The actuals will be here and you can see the forecast down below here. So we can compare it that way we can keep track of that.

Speaker C: Right? Yeah. Because basically even just biweekly or just when we look in this, basically the things that we need to be able to see is what did we say we're going to do, what did we actually do? And then so that we can have the commentary discussion saying why did we overshoot or we undershot? What are all those reasons why?

Speaker B: Exactly.

Speaker C: And then we need to, we need to be able to see trends and stuff saying where are we really trending in terms of some of the asins? So, so I think this will do that. But yeah, it might be, it might be good because you have your forecasted units and then you are going to have your forecasted tacos, I think as well in there. But it might be good to add a line there then show home if that's the way that this dashboard has to work to kind of if you can do the calculation under your forecast or under the line where it's basically what was the percent hit or miss, were we under or over? So that every time I look at the dashboard I'm not having to manually do the math.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: So just, just kind of just getting there because just for your knowledge as well. So every month Brittany is asked to report up to our board and externally out on, in our monthly financial report on how the E Commerce channels are doing. And she usually kind of pipes in on what are the top selling top, what are the wins, what are some of the challenges and things like that. And then from that too, there's also an internal company meeting where she draws from this dashboard to show trend lines of how the health of these accounts and the health of the asins. So she's going to come to this for that. And within that meeting, basically the finance team puts the budget in front of us and says, hey, everything, E Commerce, this is what you said you were going to do. How are you doing against that? So again, Brittany's going to come to that to make sure. And then we reforecast actually every quarter because we learn new things. Every quarter we've updated a new partner, We've had discontinuation. So Brittany again will be coming to your forecast to make sure that our forecasts and assumptions match. So that's again, just the importance of this document from a forecasting perspective. That's why it's so important to us.

Speaker B: Got it? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah, sure, I will. Okay, so to summarize, we already have the forecasted data here, but you also need to add the, let's say the tacos target. Right. That we have at the account level so that we can also compare against actuals.

Speaker C: And then that's the second thing on this. So I personally am really struggling with tacos because I understand roas.

Speaker B: Yes. Yeah.

Speaker C: And the issue here is, so is there abilities show home to add a ROAS line? Because it will just help. And it's not just me that understands roas, it's everyone else that we're reporting to and it's what we've reported and looked at historically. So I'm not opposed to changing our mindset of how we look at things, but just again, historically to bring everybody along, I need a Roas line.

Speaker B: Sure. Okay. I can add one line somewhere here. And also it will be just an inverse of what you see as the tacos. Right? Yeah. So if it is 5%, so it will be 20 ROAS. Right. So that's what you'll get to see.

Speaker C: Okay, so say that again. If it's 5% is what it's going

Speaker B: to be 20 ROAS. Right. We're aiming for 10%. So it's we are our forecast or we are aiming to do maintain 10 ROAs for now.

Speaker C: Right. So if it's 5%, it's 20 ROAs. So you're saying if I spend a dollar, I'm making $20.

Speaker B: That's what we used to do. Now we are increasing the spin, right?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: So 10% you're saying is an accurate. So you're saying at 12%, your ROAS is 8.125. Okay, so how are you doing that math?

Speaker B: It's just inverse. Okay, so 12% is 0.12. Right. And if you calculate the inverse of it. Let me bring another calculator. It's. It's going to be inverse of 0.12. So you have to divide one by 0.12. Basically, it's 8.33.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay. So the ROAS is 8.3ft. And you're saying a healthy roas or a healthy tacos is 10%, which is a, which is a row as of 6, 8, 7.

Speaker B: No, no. Okay. So it really depends on your objectives. So for many brands who wants to scale, they would prefer to keep the roas at let's say 5. So 20% tacos for the range is basically between 10 to 20% where 10% is more for profitability or slight growth. And if we move higher towards, towards 20%, that's for growth, that's the range.

Speaker C: Okay, and so basically what you're saying is in terms of starting out where we're at, we're saying your tacos, you're saying is for our business right now, let's aim at 10 because we're still in a profitable environment at 10, which is a 5, which is a 10 ROAS. Yeah. So that's 10 ROAS, right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Calculation.

Speaker B: And I broke the, I just broke

Speaker C: the, you know, and that's fine. As long as I can get this math in my head understood, then I can explain it out.

Speaker B: No, I will do the, I will add a row here. I understand challenges because the languages that we use, the Amazon lingo is different from what we generally use in the marketing world. So. And the business world. So we need to add another row and that will show the true roas and it will be easier to communicate that way.

Speaker C: Yeah, it would be a lot easier if you could do that where it's in the same place. But again, I also know from my own learning that tacos I again, I'm not close minded to understanding it differently and measuring that and forecasting that. I get that. I just want to make sure I'm doing it right. And then strategy wise we're saying we're targeting this, the 10 tacos because it gives us ability to grow but stay within a profitable target and then, and then over time we can stretch that a little bit. So 12 is a little bit high, we're saying still within a healthy range.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker C: Of keeping a room to 10. Okay. And it gives you the bandwidth to scale what you're saying.

Speaker B: Right, exactly.

Speaker C: Because we're only on March 6th. Then you're already at 90 units.

Speaker B: Yes, and I was going to say that we are probably going to do a lot more than what we forecasted. So we need to adjust the forecast. Yeah, probably for snack.

Speaker C: A lot more than the forecast because the forecast. So now we've only done three months out show home. So over the next like coming here to the end of March as we know more or as soon as you know more, update your assumptions in here so that we can make sure our inventory and our demand planning is all. Because as we rationalize these SKUs down and really hyper focus on these. Yeah, I hope we have some real volume but I just want to make sure we're taking care of that in the back end because I know we're out of inventory in the U of S right now because it just kind of turned on out of nowhere.

Speaker B: So.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. All right. So okay, so that is all about.

Speaker C: Yeah. And then if you could just, can you just walk us through. So if we were on our bi weekly touchpoint right now and you've updated the dashboard, how would you present this to us and how would you like to present this to us bi weekly and then we can just get used to the questions we're going to ask.

Speaker B: Well, so I think we don't need to look at all these numbers. We need to define the important numbers that we need to take a look at. For example, the number of units that we are selling are their revenue versus how much ad spend, how much you're spending on ads and tacos. These are three important ones. Right along with that we can also review how it's doing compared to the forecast. Probably these are the four most important things that we can review.

Speaker C: Correct. Okay, perfect. And sorry, which line item shows your spend in dollar amounts?

Speaker B: Okay, this one spend.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, there it is.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: A lot of other question. This is for.caon.com Are your numbers and revenues in USD?

Speaker B: Yes, that will be in US dollar on the dot com which is something I'm still setting up. I was having some issues with that. Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. That was just my other question on, on the dot com side. Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. So do, do you want to ask or talk about anything else? I mean for the dashboard. Regarding the dashboard.

Speaker C: Yeah, if you want. So we've looked at snacks to go here and so basically snacks to go is in good health on all aspects. So. And then you're basically saying I think we're going to overshoot what we already said for March. So you're going to build up that forecast a little bit or a lot. Whatever you think there. Can we look at the others? The other skus. How's the Camelina?

Speaker B: Camelina is here. Okay. So in terms of the number of units, we just did 12 units so far until 4th of March.

Speaker A: It's probably because it's also on sale on Our website. So we should. I'll share once Alicia and I finish the promo calendar for the year, I'll maybe then share that over with you because then those are the months that we can expect some dips, especially with like a site wide sale or obviously a Camelina sale. Then I'm assuming Amazon would go down

Speaker B: a little bit maybe. Yeah, that could influence it. All right. And apart from that, this is how it looks like for this product. Number of units and it's not being advertised currently, so you don't see any ad data.

Speaker C: And so what is that? Is that the five pack favas?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, five pack Favas. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And then we have.

Speaker A: I also think we should swap. Sorry, go ahead.

Speaker B: No, no, it's fine. Go ahead.

Speaker A: I was going to say I want to swap that visual because it has, if you scroll up a bit, it still has the like new, which sometimes is helpful.

Speaker C: So that I have on the agenda today because probably Show Home will start in prioritizing the pages. Right. Because we'll go back to that thing, Brittany, that we talked about is we know which items are going to go away and which items are going to stay. And so within sort of show homes realm of priorities. Okay, so now we've tackled snacks to go. Where are we at with that? We know we have a new launch coming. How do we want to build that out? And then third is, what's the next page we want to optimize? Is it the Camelina two pack? Maybe? Because we know it's a high performer. Is it this five pack of Favas? So let's save that bucket of all those details, Brittany, for when we look at the ASIN and do it all at once.

Speaker B: Right, yeah. And I think I also need to take a look, take some time to make a list of things that we need to prioritize next.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: That could also, for example, include videos, video asset for video ads. So I'll make a list of those things and I'll send you an email and you can of course discuss about them in our next call.

Speaker C: Okay, yeah, that's great. Show Home. So you're saying your list of priorities, you'll make a recommendation on which items you want to focus on in what order and then the assets to go along with them. And then. Because the only thing I would just peg in there is and I don't know how robust those videos are, maybe they're, maybe they're easy to do or something. But we have our brand refresh coming this year where all new look in packaging and more investments in video and static ads and all that will start happening. Likely not till the summer. But I just want to make sure we don't like. As long as it's really simple to do now and not something that we have to do a lot of heavy lifting and spending right now just to do it over again when we have the new look.

Speaker B: Basically right now it's not very complicated. Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. It's not.

Speaker B: I'll send you some examples. They are mostly motion graphic. They're very simple.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, now one, do you want to discuss about something? I have a few things. For example, the inventory planning and also wanted to talk about the new variety bags launch date. So I have a few things on my list.

Speaker C: So let's just scan through these a little bit quickly because I do have a question. So for instance, we're not spending any ad dollars on the five pack favas, but it looks like we are spending a little bit on this fava.

Speaker B: Exactly, we are, but we are slowing down because we're not going to sell this product anyway. Right. And reallocating that budget towards. For now I have allocated that towards the snack to go. But I'll also do allocate some for Catalina next.

Speaker C: Okay. And then these ones down here and because I guess my only question there to show home because I guess the strategy with these is we're like we're running down the inventory so should we not keep a few dollars there to help do that? Like I don't want to run into shelf life issues and then have a big write like I don't know what's in there for inventory anyways. But do you think we should leave a little fire there to.

Speaker B: Okay, so here's what I observed. We were advertising them mostly for branded keywords and we rank for the branded keywords anyway. So what I'm trying to do or test is to slow down on advertising these products for branded keywords and see what happens. If we see dip in the sail through and if it is very significant then probably we can spend some money on these products. But for now I'm just doing a test.

Speaker A: Okay, that makes sense.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: And then we have the wholesome pack. So this is a variety of one of each bean. Okay. So that's been shut off and then more 40 grams winding down toppers. This is likely to go away, but yeah, no hard deadline there. And then the lentil variety.

Speaker B: Right, we can probably look into the lentil variety, this one and also this one. The ones that are going to stay Basically and see how we can allocate some at dollars towards this.

Speaker C: Right. Because that's what we are kind of saying. There was like whatever we said, I think it was like 2000 somewhere, 500 somewhere. And then the five other bucket.

Speaker B: Exactly.

Speaker C: Because is there a chickpea variety pack?

Speaker B: I think this is the one. Oh, this is the lentil. Sorry.

Speaker C: Oh, chocolate.

Speaker B: I think this is the chickpeas one. No, this is a fava.

Speaker C: Beans.

Speaker B: I'm sorry, the names are very small. Yeah, no, these are fava. I cannot see chickpeas here.

Speaker C: It must be missing from your report.

Speaker B: Probably.

Speaker C: And the reason I ask is because I know that chickpeas is a hot search term. So I believe that item does a little bit better in our variety packs. So maybe make sure you add that one in.

Speaker B: I will do that. Yeah. It's probably taking a little bit longer to set it up properly, but I'm sure we get it moving from here. Okay, so. Would you like to discuss about something here from this dashboard?

Speaker C: So no. Yeah, no, that's all my questions here. So it looks like we just have to add in the chickpea one as well.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: All right, so now I wanted to ask you first of all about the new Verity packs launched it. Because I would like to think that's a promising product and.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, good question. So right now, Shoah. So where we're at in sort of making the product is I'm just waiting from the printer for my press proof to make sure all the colors are good and then packaging's on order. So today is March 6th. I am hoping that we are making that product by mid April. So I think we could safely target. Let's safely target having product in Amazon ready to sell by May 1st.

Speaker B: May 1st. Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah. And I'll see if I can push that up. But I want to kind of give a safe date so we don't.

Speaker B: Sounds good.

Speaker A: And that's the same like shipping it in.

Speaker C: Yeah, that's like literally like you can turn on and start selling on May 1st. So my hope is that we're making it by mid April and we're. The first thing we're doing is an Amazon shipment to get out of here and.

Speaker B: Yeah, great. Okay. And that's one topic. And then another thing that I really wanted to talk about is inventory planning. The reason I wanted to discuss this is because on. I mean if we go to the Manage Inventory page and I'm more concerned about the snack to go variety pack, I see we have somewhere around 600 units right now. So even in Canada. Yeah. Yeah. So even if we assume the old sales rate, I mean we sold 670 units in February. Even if we assume that's the current sell through it, probably this is the time to send more because it's ideal to maintain two and half. Somewhere between two and a half to three months of inventory at Amazon.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Anub had sent some last week I believe, but I don't know the. The total. I'm just going to chat him right now.

Speaker C: So he sent some into Amazon. We shipped.

Speaker A: Yeah. Because we were talking about other things like chocolate, you know what I mean? So I do know that he did a shipment at least and I would assume.

Speaker C: Yeah. And I definitely know we were talking about it in production. More snacks to go for Amazon. So. And this is why it's good. Show home. We'll start bringing Annabelle into these meetings so we can have 15 minutes on just inventory, other managing like back end stuff and make sure we're all in the know on what shipping, what's inbound, what's sitting there.

Speaker B: Right. Okay. And one more thing is about the growth calculation. So we have to set a baseline revenue. Right. And that's according to that will be according to 90 days prior to we started managing the account. I sent you an email on that specifying the amount of sales and average monthly revenue.

Speaker C: Yeah. Brittany, were you able to look at Natasha's reports and confirm that number? Like you obviously pulled out show home from the. From the back end? Yeah, those are right. And is your. And it was the US one. Did you calculate.ca&.com separately show home?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker C: Was the US one in USD?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker C: Okay, I'll probably ask that question.

Speaker B: No, I also use the dollar sign US dollar sign there so it's hopefully will be clear.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: Amazon, it's always going to be USD and it doesn't get converted until like Natasha H. Does it?

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker C: So I think you are good on that show home.

Speaker B: All right. Thank you so much. And I think with that I have discussed pretty much everything on my list. I want to discuss the current situation and US Ad strategy. Oh, US ad strategy. That's one thing that I still have to discuss actually. So USA, we have 850 US dollar as our ad budget, right?

Speaker C: No, that's Canadian dollars.

Speaker B: Oh.

Speaker C: So that's going to be. Yeah.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker C: When I look at our total budget. Okay, let me just see here.

Speaker B: 850. All right. So that's about how much we are spending right now. It's in that case it's more about where we allocate the same budget.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay, so two things. Can you correct that to 600 is your 600 USD?

Speaker B: Sure, yeah.

Speaker C: 600 with your budget and then in terms of where to focus that because yeah, I guess we don't have any snacks to go there. Obviously it would be snacks to go once. Once it's fulfilled.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker C: Do you have a recommendation show home? Because the same skus are going to go away eventually down there. But it's likely. I know lentils are doing really well down there and we have the 140 gram lentil variety.

Speaker B: Yeah, that is doing well. That is in fact right now the best performer I think according to what I saw today. Yeah. So we're going to focus. When I was reviewing today, I thought that it would be better if we dedicate allocate most of the budget towards that SKU and also start slowing down on the 40 gram packs because we are again at point one advertising mostly for branded keywords. So we can experiment and see if we stop advertising for those branded keywords if they still sell or how much it gets impacted. Apart from that I forgot the exact sku but I think it's the fourth best seller. I'm sorry I don't have it in front of me right now but that is, that is again a backup three and I think we can also allocate some budget towards that product. So two of the products out of all in the U.S. so you're saying

Speaker C: with that 600 USD because. Yeah, basically what you have down there is the lentils variety 140 grams, the chickpeas variety 120 grams and a fava variety 140 gram plus the snaps to go when it gets there. And the two pack Camelina.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Yes. But I don't think that's a. That sells really well or at least right now it's not. Okay. Yeah. So I was talking about this one and the fava one. These are the two I we can focus on right now.

Speaker C: Okay. And I would, I would say if you have some dollars or two, the chickpea one is the chickpea tree packed again. Because I know that chickpeas are hot in this category. Chickpeas are one of the lead things.

Speaker A: So if there are.

Speaker C: But yes, I get your ranking there. Lentils favas then chickpeas, when the snacks to go hits, we definitely want to see what it can start doing down there.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah.

Speaker C: Because for that launch of that new item show home, I don't think

Speaker B: we

Speaker C: will put that to the US until we know how it get going in Canada and see what this the and get things actually moving with the snacks

Speaker B: to go in the U.S. sure, yeah, yeah. That's the solid plan.

Speaker C: So question for you on that too. When you set that new item up, it's a variety pack. It's positioned the same, it's costed the same. Just a different, different, different pack. So the cost is going to be the same too.

Speaker A: The price.

Speaker C: Will you, will that be its own individual page ASIN item? Well, of course it will be its own asin, but its own individual individual page. Or will it be like on the snacks to go page as a second option?

Speaker B: Well, so that's also something we can. It's a matter of discussion. I'd say there are a few different things to consider. Right. So first of all, in the beginning it's better if you keep it separate and participate in the fine program so that you can gather some reviews. Now it depends really on our budget. Can we allocate some extra budget for that product to advertise? If we can? Probably we should keep it separate if we want to. If we don't want to allocate more budget towards that product, then it's better to keep them together. Because that way you are just going to advertise one of the products and that will also give some visibility to the other one. Right. So it's more cost efficient. But we are of course losing out on the visibility.

Speaker C: So what I'm hearing is your recommendation is we we put it as its own page so that we can get some early truck. We're going to have more success for Traction that way.

Speaker B: Yes, if you have the budget. Well anyway in the beginning we are going to keep it separate anyway so that we can get some reviews. Fine reviews. Alright. Once that's done, it's going to depend on our budget. If we can allocate more budget towards that product to advertise, then we're going to keep it separate. That will help us get more visibility. Yes, it will be expensive towards the beginning but if we don't want to spend that money, then we have to keep this together. Two variety packs together.

Speaker C: And so you're saying we can't take the current budget and split it off a bit from the snacks to go to start with Traction. Or there's two questions. Can we do that to get started? And then the second question is ideally, what is the injection of extra budget on a new item that has zero sales?

Speaker B: Yeah, okay. I think, I think if we want to divert some budget from the snack to go, the current snack to go parity pack, it probably will not be a good decision because this is where we are going to get the most result. Right. So I don't want to reduce that. And the second question is, if we wanted to keep it separate, it's a new item, what kind of budget do we need to allocate? Right. And it's going to be heavy. I'll say again, it really depends on our objective, how heavy we want to go. We can even end up spending 30 to 40% of the revenue in the beginning, maybe in the first month, maybe you can say, oh, we'll allocate somewhere between maybe even thousand dollar. If we are really taking it seriously, then we can allocate thousand dollar a month just for this product. And for the first three or four months we can aim to spend about 30 to 40% of the revenue on average, a monthly average to launch this product. And then we can decide to slow down and get back to maybe 20 or 25% level for the next three months. Right? Yeah, that's how it will look.

Speaker C: Okay, so I will take your ask and then I will tell you what we can do before launch. Sure.

Speaker B: Yes. Okay. Yeah, because.

Speaker C: Yeah, so yeah, we'll just re. Look at it because by then too we'll have those other ones gone. The, the off. The off one's near gone, I guess, not quite gone, but. Okay. So diverted budget.

Speaker B: Kate.

Speaker A: Okay, I have two questions.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Yeah. I'm just chatting with the new boss. So if we're saying you said two and a half to three months.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: For the stacks to go inventory. So if we did 725 and 665, so like around 2000, we're basically asking

Speaker B: for yes and yes.

Speaker A: Especially since we're ramping up ad dollars there.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's.

Speaker A: And then the second question is.

Speaker B: Sorry, Brittany, one more thing that I'll add here. So when I say two and a half to three months of inventory, I mean the forecasted quantity for two and a half to three months minus whatever we have at Amazon, minus the inbound quantity.

Speaker C: These.

Speaker B: Yeah, so.

Speaker C: So okay, so because you're. So two and a half months, what does that number show?

Speaker A: Home.

Speaker C: That's six plus seven or maybe it's like 10. We'll say it's 2,000 units minus the 600 that's showing inventory right now. Yeah, minus whatever he has shipped already, Britney.

Speaker B: Exactly. Yeah. And hasn't been received. And there's a way of. I'M not sure how you are calculating these numbers, but there is a way of. I wouldn't say automate, but you can download a report from Amazon and add some formulas in an Excel sheet and get this calculated very easily.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And the other question was, are you all set with those snacks to go photos from the designer?

Speaker B: Okay, so I have already used the images on the listing, except for the main image. The main image is not okay. It will not be accepted by Amazon.

Speaker A: Is it? It's too wide.

Speaker B: It is, right? Yes. Yeah, right. They will, they will. They will be able to detect that we have. It's not just product, basically.

Speaker C: Okay. I would.

Speaker A: I assumed you would say that. So then I was waiting for.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, if you want.

Speaker A: They are there.

Speaker B: I can give you some more examples.

Speaker A: I'll just share my screen so Alicia can see. Yeah, maybe.

Speaker C: I. I think

Speaker A: it's so hard because it's a bag. Hey, like, I complain about this often, even to Alicia, even just for photography. It's so hard. Like a box you can snap, you can stack. Right. Or the one that you sent me for the example was those protein bars in a. In a box. Whereas, like, obviously the bag is different, but these are the new ones. Alicia. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: So, yeah, we had her out this bag and then so, yeah, this is the one that's too big. So it should basically just be sort of slightly like an extension here, correct?

Speaker B: Yes. And also keep some white space around the car, around the corner.

Speaker A: Around the what, sorry?

Speaker B: Like the borders do not cover it. I mean, here, I think you. It's covering the entire strip here, the top part of the image. Right. I don't know how I can describe that.

Speaker A: So don't bring this to the.

Speaker B: So keep like 5, at least 5 to 10 pixels of white space all around the image. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Then we kept that photo.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: At least. Yeah.

Speaker C: So this is the thing too, like, because I know you're saying like in our redesign, because this again, when we rebrand, this whole bag is going to change. Show home. So when we get there, because these two items are specifically right now on E Commerce, when we get to redesigning this variety pack, I'll come back to you with some for your input. Basically.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Because it is a hard thing of like, these are specifically for E Commerce right now. So, you know, I probably spoke too soon last time saying like, no, no, no, no. We can't make this bag specific for E Commerce. We probably could in this rebrand, but I always need to keep in mind because sometimes we do do sometimes we do do in and out seasonal sell throughs around back to school and stuff with this item into retail. So we have to balance that.

Speaker B: Sure, yeah.

Speaker A: You know what, it doesn't say show home either. And I'm wondering if you think it matters if there's not really an icon for vegan.

Speaker B: Okay, well we can add that for sure.

Speaker A: Yeah, if you think. Because I just obviously we put on it what you like, what the stuff what you suggested.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker A: This top search terms. But now I'm just thinking.

Speaker B: Sure, yeah.

Speaker A: Especially because we have the zesty cheddar in this one. I just don't know how to like maybe adding it to this page would make sense.

Speaker B: Yeah, we also.

Speaker A: And do you think. And do you want a separate one that's like its own page of like a made in Canada call up completely Just I feel like I was saying to Leisure like our ad comments and are just going nuts with people just wanting to support like literally this morning it said remember everyone to like and comment so that you're seeing Canadian only ads.

Speaker C: Like.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, that's a good one. And I think it would also help if we test adding one Canadian icon on the main image.

Speaker A: Somewhere on the main image.

Speaker B: Yeah. Oh, it's there. It's there.

Speaker C: People can see it's on the bag.

Speaker A: It's just not very big. Like what if it was. It's tough because we have this here.

Speaker C: Honestly. Show home. Do you think it's bad if you cover that 30 snacks with a bigger Canada grown.

Speaker A: It says 10.

Speaker C: 10. 10.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Right. So you could just cover that and make it to Canada.

Speaker A: Yeah, because that is where I want to put it. And show home. Is that fine if the icon. Does it need to be exactly on the bag or can it go off a little bit?

Speaker B: I think it's better if it goes off because that way it will look like it's not on the packaging. And remember the problem that I told you about? Yeah, right.

Speaker A: Because we sort of have been like trying to shout it right like this.

Speaker B: It may get flagged by the way by Amazon but we'll see what happens.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Even if it's slightly off because it would actually go nicely sort of like.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And then cutting this off. Okay, I'll send those updates and then add your assumption.

Speaker C: Show home is. Well, once these images are done, this will be a common thing that you need for the new item.

Speaker B: Yes. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: And I did let a new Bob

Speaker C: know about

Speaker A: 2000 minus whatever he sent in, minus whatever is on Hand. So that would be worst case scenario. We finally get good going and then it's out of stock. So.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker C: Okay. So maybe just while we're on the snacks. So the new item you police. We've said let's shoot for a May 1 launch. Launch like as in start selling date, May one launch date. We're gonna hold on USA until we get the traction and whatever going in Canada. Hold on USA and Canada. I'm just making notes here or. Yeah, hold on USA and then budget. Asking additional thousand per month for launch. Okay. Okay. Extra budgets.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Talked about that. Okay, that's good for the new item. And so and we concluded it's going to get its own page because again it's all about traction. So if you're saying don't just put it as a little add on to the snacks to go, let's make it its own K. And then we'll talk those details.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Items set up mid April.

Speaker B: We got that.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay. And then in terms of just next priorities and optimization, you're going to come back show home with a recommendation on where we should not just even focus budgets but start optimizing some of the pages one at a time.

Speaker B: Yes. And I'll send you an email on that.

Speaker C: And then bi weekly. So we'll start adding Annabelle into these meetings. And I saw the emails about the snacks to go in the US so that that inactive was due to the fact that there was no stock.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker C: There's no issues there. Okay. Okay. Okay. So in terms of just next steps. So back up to the dashboard. You're going to complete the USA one so that we can take a look at that. You're going to make sure the chickpea variety is added to the CA1 because it was missing in there. We're going to update the forecast and maybe even forecast a little further out than just the three months on the items and add a roas line. Unless I can get my math real good on the.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker C: My fiance. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Oh, and then the forecast to actuals. You were just going to add a little line item in there just to make sure that we can simply see did we hit or we miss and then we can look back into the data.

Speaker B: Yes. Okay. Okay. All right. I guess that's all from my side at least.

Speaker C: Yeah. How long are you in India again for show home?

Speaker B: I'm here till 27th March.

Speaker C: Till 27th March.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: And then you come back. Okay. You're just trying to skip some winter months.

Speaker B: Exactly. Yeah. But it's also warming up the 80s. I don't know if you see me sweating, but yeah, it's hot. It's getting hot here. Okay. Yeah. Need to. Need to go back to Canada soon.

Speaker C: And you got all set up with Sheena and Natasha for payment, right?

Speaker B: That's okay? Yeah, I filled out the form and send it to them. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: So that should be fine. And then at the. Is it at the end of every month, will you send me the growth report or you will send me and Britney the growth report, your 3% calculation. And then we'll approve it and then it'll be part of your invoice. Right.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Awesome. All right, thank you so much.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Hey, have a great day.

Speaker B: Yeah, have a wonderful day. Bye now.

Speaker A: Okay, bye. Bye.

Speaker C: Bye. Bye.

Speaker B: It's hot. It's getting hot. It's getting hot here. Oh, it's getting on hot,

Speaker C: Man.

Speaker B: Can you not speak in English? What happened to you today? Getting hard. I need to go back to Catalyst. Okay. It's hard. Camera.

