Transcript for: Recording__838.mp4
Title: Recording #838
============================================================

Summarizing what has been done so far. Yeah, yeah. Okay. So content research was one of the things, right. So I scraped about 22 profiles in the Amazon space and five from email marketing, five or seven something around that. And 10 from D2C.E commerce, mostly meta, Google Ads, those kind of stuff. So for Amazon, out of 22, I looked at seven profiles so far and looks like just one of them does it in a way that gets traction on LinkedIn. And of course there are all of the, all of the other people, they also have a huge following, but they just don't do it in a way that goes viral or, you know, gets a lot of, a lot of comments or likes. I don't think that's what they follow, but it's more like sometimes they talk about their personal story, sometimes their achievements, and they sometimes share how to. But it's not written in a way that will. Not with the flex lines at least. Whereas the profiles that I looked at for email marketing and D2C, they are much more done in a way that should get traction anyway, so I categorized them. I identified the topics for seven profiles for Amazon so far. And on the other hand for email, like five profiles and also five more for the D2C. That's about the content research. I do have questions on what I can do from here, although I have done it. Second thing is I was supposed to get familiar with Sales Navigator, just how to use the filters and all that's done. And then you sent me one more where I was supposed to write personal story, answer different questions. I did it, but I'm not sure how I can use that for LinkedIn because it's too personal. I mean, I just answered the questions. I didn't think about LinkedIn. I just answered the questions. Now I'm not sure how I can use those and I'm not sure if I'm. If it would be okay to share everything that is there. Yeah, so that and profile optimization, part banner design, I shared that with you. We have to make some edits there that will be done. And profile picture, that is something we still have to do apart from that. So this is where we stand right now. Yeah, that's solid. Yeah, I feel like now just to make the progress, I feel like we just need to like start putting stuff out there. So the main thing now I'd say is obviously like do the banner so that the banner's done, the profile picture's done, and then we have the foundation. And then I'd say literally just start posting like Three times a week. But let's just leave posting to the site. Okay, three, three posts a week, I'd say, because I think that's manageable. But then the, the priority after that is basically, you know, those DMS that you've been kind of scripting, it's now to start sending them. So I'd say really, you want at least a 10 response rate. So when you, let's just say you send 30 DMS, you want at least 10% of those people positively to respond. So if you're getting 10 to like, I'd say obviously 20% to 30% is better. But if you're getting at least 10% response rate to those DMS, positive responses that people are saying like, yes, like this is good and these are good founders, then it's something that you can continue to scale. And obviously if it's not getting that 10% from at least the first 30 DMS, then we need to change it. But then once we're basically, once we test a couple of DMS and we get one that's getting a good response rate, then we can kind of just keep doing that. And obviously there's going to be people that are going to be like, oh, go away. Like, I don't want this. But as long as you know that for every x number of DMs I send, I know I get positive responses, then that's something. It becomes like a system now. And then you can basically outsource it if you want. And then it's just, you're getting positive responses and you can carry on with them and then it become opportunities. Got it. You know, name something that I was concerned about this, about this outreach is I'm going to contact people in my space right there in the CPG space, now will they not? I mean, sometimes people hate, they don't like these kind of messages. Right. So when I'm going to do, it's for the long run. So in the long run we're not that. Will that create a negative influence or negative impression of me in the space? Not really. Because no one really cares. Like, no one really cares about you. Like, let's just say you send them a message, they're not going to be remembering it for a long time. Like, if it's like a really terrible message, then yeah, but then maybe. But really, even if you get a really, really terrible message from someone, I don't think about them after one minute. Like it's just like it's done. And let's just say it's A message that's not so bad, but they're just not interested. Like, for example, let's just say you message me something about YouTube ads or YouTube organic. Like, you want me to start creating YouTube videos. You say you're going to edit them and all that kind of stuff. Then you send me a message about that. Right now I'm not interested in YouTube. But then imagine, like, now at least I know that you exist and that you do YouTube ads. And then, and then if I see your content and then two months down the line I become interested in, I want to start doing YouTube ads, I might come back to you. So I don't think it's a big issue. Like, like, no, like, I don't think it's that. Okay. I don't. It doesn't have that kind of impact. Okay. All right, so what should we talk about? It's like also, like, you just don't get clients if you don't make asks. Like, you have to do it. You just have to do it, basically. But, but, but if it's, if it's becoming too much like, if it's like you're getting abused again and again every single day, then maybe we have to tweak the script a little bit, but. Got it. You know what I mean? Well, the script that I gave you or the one that you edited, the proposal is actually something supposed to be very helpful to people. Exactly. Yeah, exactly. And so even if someone responds negatively to that, you know that you're not being, you know that you're just adding value. Like, because you're just thinking that if you don't want this, you're silly because I'm literally going to help your business. So, so, you know, you're adding value and there's going to be a percentage of people that are interested and know that you're adding value as well. And they're going to be like, oh, this is actually a good dm. Thanks for sending. This is actually. This is better than what I usually get. And you're going to get those kinds of responses for sure. Okay, so, yeah, let's see that dm because I remember rescripting it, but I just don't remember it was now. Sure. Let's actually take a look at the messages. Your messages. It's right there. All right, so you sent it to me. Hey, Eric, have a system that can fix your suppress listings on Amazon and 11 inside bracket and 11 other listing related issues in 48 hours. Interested? So 48 hours. I said that probably that's too Much. I said within three to five days. Yeah, I mean, as long as it's quick, you know, because they, they know what's, I guess, like what's fast and what's not fast. So as long as it sounds like something that can be done quickly, that's good. Also, if you wanted to add some kind of relevant personality personalization it's just for a test. Right. Is like for example. So I'd say test this because it's really straight to the point. But another something that I call relevant personalization. So one thing that I teach isn't just personalization for the sake of it. So personalization for the sake of it would be like, hey, loved your last post about your trip to Italy. I love the pizza there, by the way. I can help you. That's like personalization for the sake of personalization. But relevant personalization is different where it's like it, it connects to what you're saying. So for example, there was like a really good one about email marketing that I read recently. So it was basically saying, hey Eric, whatever, just signed up to your email list and all your emails are ending up in my spam. I actually have a system that can. Do you know what I mean? So it's like. So it's the same thing that we're saying where we're saying we have a system that can do this. But it's just a bit of personalization where it's like I just actually sign up to your email list that your emails are landing in my spam box. I have a system where I can xyz in the next 48 hours so you don't land in spam, you know, so that's an example of relevant personalization. So if you can come up with some kind of a personalization line as well. So it's like I went on your listing and you know something? It was, there was a problem. And then you do the offer. So those are like two things you can test. And then. So one of them is like a direct offer to value and one of them just has a little bit of personalization to it as well. Yeah. Now that's making me think about something. There's a software in this space, it's called Smart Scout. So they keep track of this kind of data. So how many sellers there are in both market, everywhere on Amazon and what their listings are and let's say how they are changing month over month so our products being taken down or not. I was thinking if I could integrate that into LinkedIn and that will Be difficult. But that just came to my mind. Yeah. So, like, let's just say, for example, I don't know if this is possible. I don't even even know if this makes sense. But if you was to say, hey, Eric, just check that. I saw that your store has over 800 pages and 300 of them are suppressed. Have a system that can, you know, I don't know if that even makes sense. Like, you're kind of showing them what their problem is and you're like, I have a system where I can do this quickly fix this for you. Interested? Got it. Okay. Not sure if I can if that. That will be applicable for everybody because will you be sending these messages randomly or will I check their profile and then, you know, send them manually? What do you mean randomly? Randomly means automated. No, no, no. I wouldn't do automated yet. I'd. First I'd start with people in your connection list and then at the same time I'd start basically connecting with people. Obviously you can do automated with a tool. It's up to you, really. The only problem with the automation part is that when it's like for my industry, maybe for yours, it won't make much difference. But for my industry, the reason I like doing manually is because I like checking that they've been posting recently and that they're active. So if I can see that they've commented on some post like yesterday or they posted two days ago, something like that, I connect with them and there's a high chance that they're going to connect with me. But a lot of people just do it manually, so. Right. I mean, automated. A lot of people do automated as well, so depends. Manually, of course, will be better. Then I can check if they're on Amazon or. Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, that's the thing. When you're, like doing it manually, you're gonna be connecting to like the best kinds of people. Whereas if you do it automated, it's still good. Like, if you, if you get like a nice list, because you already know, like, you understand Sales Navigator a bit now. So if you get like a nice list and it's very, you know, compact and you're happy with that list, then that's fine, you can do it automated. But there's always going to be like a bunch of people that on that list, no matter how much you try, that are just going to be not relevant at all. So it's just like that. Right. Okay, but I understand what you mean. Like, if it's going to save you time, like Then yeah, it's still. A lot of people still. Still do automated and it works for them, so. Got it. Okay. Probably better to get started manually, but that will take a lot of time in the beginning. Yeah, yeah, it will take. It will take a lot of time to validate. But you know, once everything's validated right. Then this message, once, once you know that this message does well, you don't even need to send them. Someone else can send them. Once you have an sop, like you try it yourself and then you haven't. You build an SOP on how to find good people have it in a doc. Someone can just follow that SOP and then they can do it. So it's just about finding the messages. That's going to work well and then you can scale it quite easy. Okay. All right. So what should you talk about now? There's not as much to talk about, I feel like right now, obviously, obviously we can speak. But I'm saying just in general, I don't think there's as much to talk about. I think it's just doing like, just doing it now. Like it's just the banner, putting at least two or three posts out and then just start dming. That's literally it. So let's talk about content, because you know what, I go through an analysis paralysis phase whenever it comes to researching the content and then coming up with actually doing the thing is something very difficult for me. So let's talk about that profile optimization. Consider that done because we have been working on it and it's just a matter of editing a few things. But how about we talk about practically how I can write the first three contents? So I feel like in the beginning, like how anyone learns how to write good content is just analyzing other, other people's content and then just having your like seeing, seeing what other people are doing, like what I. And then installing your own ideas into that basically. So it's like if someone's talking about email marketing guys talking about how to do the X and you're like, I have an example of how I can talk about how I can. How to do something in my industry and then you just talk about it that I don't think there's that much really to think about, especially with the, the, the middle of funnel post. Because it's hard for me to like teach you, like I can improve what you're doing. But it's not like when you first start, I feel like you just need to do stuff by just seeing what's out there, trying Yourself put it out there. And then when I see what you've done, I can tell you this is good, this is bad, I'll change this, I'll change that. It's there. But I'd say initially, in the beginning it's just like, see what kind of content structures other people are using that that you like and it's working well. And then just install your own ideas into it. Like for example, if you see a story someone posted, like I have a similar story to this, you just put, you just share your story in like a similar way. Or like if someone did like an educational post had a good structure to it, you just have your own idea but just put it into that structure and you just put it out there and then we can kind of go over how to improve it. But in the beginning, I would rather you just put any posts out. They don't need to be amazing, just as long as they're valuable. Like what you're saying is valuable so that we can start DMing people. Okay. Because I just want, when you DM people, you have at least some content, even if it doesn't have 100 likes on it. There's just some valuable content. You're sharing valuable ideas. Right? Yeah. So those personal stories, I mean you have asked a lot of questions there. What do I do with those? Let me maybe share some of those here so that you can take a look. But I'm not sure if I should share all of those. Yeah, so like I can send you this. I don't know if you have it, but it's basically just an example swipe file where obviously you probably have something like this now anyway. But it's just like a few stories in it, has a few middle of funnel posts in it, has a few bottom of funnel in it with some templates and stuff, has some middle of funnel like flex kind of posts in it as well. And the point is like when you, when you do all of that, when you do all of, when you do that task, when you just have a bunch of stuff about your life that you kind of extracted from your mind is now when you kind of see these kinds of posts and you're like, I kind of have something similar to this that could potentially not every time you won't. But now you're, when you see other people's stories, when it's like aged mid-40s, I started my own business. Her one's more like she's older. I mean you could do something like this, like if you started business later on in life, you could be like age, 30s. I started my own business, but the route was far from smooth. And you can just go into your own story if you started your business really, really young. Like the angle that I usually take is like, I started at 18 and then, but it wasn't easy. And then I share my story that way. But the point is like when you have everything down about yourself and then you see examples of how other people are doing sales posts, like the structure and the kinds of things that they're talking about, and then you're like, I have like so much stuff to say as well about myself. Right. But the personal story, the concept of tofu, the top, the final concept is not just personal stories. Right. It could be some trending topics too. Yeah, it can be. But I'd say especially in the beginning, like, what's going to work for you? Because you haven't. What's going to get you the most impressions? Probably right now, probably a personal story. Okay. And I have to come up with that one of that each week. If you're only posting, if you're only posting three posts, I don't know if you need to do one every single week. But I do at least one every couple, one every two, three weeks. Okay, I see. Yeah, but say like again, like right now there's just no need to overthink this. Like because we haven't actually done anything yet. Like we haven't sent any dms, we haven't put any content. You haven't. It's just about like now doing something, like doing stuff and then we will improve it as we go. Got it. Okay. Yeah, I think you sent it to me on LinkedIn. Yeah. So even about the Sales Navigator, we need to get started. Right, Exactly. So like when you, when you, when you've done your Sales Navigator, have you done, have you like used the filters for your own connections or just everyone in the world basically? Well, I haven't subscribed to it, so I have just watched some videos. Yeah. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah, so I'd because I'd straight away start with the campaign to like start connecting with people. But then I'd also like the, all the filters that you're gonna do. But then it's like first degree connections. So these are people that you're gonna be able to message straight away. Okay. So because the usual campaigns that you're going to watch on the YouTube videos is like how to find people to connect with so you can message them, but then there's also going to be people that you can message today because they're your first degree connections and these are good people to start with. Okay. And. Yeah, so. And then I test the message that we came up with and one. One variation as well, with some kind of personalization line, I think. I think at least one of them will do very well for you. Okay. All right, so it's time to get started with this one too. Would you suggest I should start this process right now, the messaging people? Yeah, yeah. I'd say at least just fix your profile, put out one post and then start. Okay. So. Because as long as your profile is good, it looks professional. Because if it doesn't look professional, you're putting yourself at, you know, a disadvantage. But if it looks very, very professional and then you're. The message is good, it's valuable. You seem like someone who might actually. Because in their mind, you're giving them a good proposition, but then they're going to look at you and be like, is this person really, like, good at what he does? But if you're from your profile, they can get the sense that, yeah, he looks like he actually knows what he's doing. It's gonna massively increase your chances of getting responses. Okay. And I feel like this offer what you're doing now, the people that do go ahead and let you do it. It's a big value add and it opens up a lot of discussions to, like, do other things. Because if they have that problem, they probably have lots of other problems. Not surely they do. Yeah, yeah, for sure. Okay. And you know what? On my profile, do you remember that I couldn't show just in the services section, the image, it didn't show any image. I tried to play with that, but it still doesn't. I was then thinking, is it because I don't have a premium subscription or sales nav. That's why it's happening. Or I wouldn't know because I haven't tried it without Sales Navigator. I've always had Sales Navigator since they brought it out, since they brought this feature out. So. So it could be that, I guess. But I mean, it could be maybe if you have LinkedIn Premium, you get more like features on your profile. But that's a bit weird. It's weird that they don't show that. All right, name. So what did you say we do from here? Do you think we need to talk about anything else in this call or. Honestly, I feel like the less talking action at this point now, just the banner, get one post out. At least it doesn't need to be a personal. It just can be some kind of valuable post and then just start test, just testing the DMS. As long as you get a 10 response rate, it's something we can work with. Okay. And yeah, you're suggesting that I send 30 at least and then see. Yeah, yeah, that's. Yeah, yeah. Because if you get zero from 30, obviously that's not good. 30 is enough to get at least some responses. All right. And, and, and don't be upset like if someone says like not in, like if someone says not interested. If you get like 20 not interested. Okay, that's. We need to change something. But if you're getting like one or two, it doesn't matter. Especially if you're getting, you know, one or two like people that are saying not interested and then one or two people that are saying, oh, this is amazing dm. It's like, it's like you, you care about the people that are gonna work with you are gonna stay with you for like the next six years if you close them. So is what it is. Got it, Got it. All right, then we'll work on it from this week. I'll send you the post. Operating. Yeah, send me the post. And also if you can come up when you have time, if you can come up with some good like personalization lines, something just think about something along, along the lines of. Hey, hey, Eric. I just, I'm just signed up to your newsletter and all of your emails are landing in spam. Like you know, something like that. But your industry, that'd be good. Got it. Yeah, sure. All right then. So yeah, I will be in touch. For sure, man. For sure. Yeah. And you can send me the email invites for the next week so that you know. Yeah, that was annoying. I was wish you waiting at 5 o' clock clock and. Oh my God. It's okay though. It's okay. Yeah, my bad. All right. And take care. Bye now. See ya.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Summarizing what has been done so far. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. So

Speaker A: content research was one of the things, right. So I scraped about 22 profiles in the Amazon space and five from email marketing, five or seven something around that. And 10 from D2C.E commerce, mostly meta, Google Ads, those kind of stuff. So for Amazon, out of 22, I looked at seven profiles so far and looks like just one of them does it in a way that gets traction on LinkedIn. And of course there are all of the, all of the other people, they also have a huge following, but they just don't do it in a way that goes viral or, you know, gets a lot of, a lot of comments or likes. I don't think that's what they follow, but it's more like sometimes they talk about their personal story, sometimes their achievements, and they sometimes share how to. But it's not written in a way that will. Not with the flex lines at least. Whereas the profiles that I looked at for email marketing and D2C, they are much more done in a way that should get traction anyway, so I categorized them. I identified the topics for seven profiles for Amazon so far. And on the other hand for email, like five profiles and also five more for the D2C. That's about the content research. I do have questions on what I can do from here, although I have done it. Second thing is I was supposed to get familiar with Sales Navigator, just how to use the filters and all that's done. And then you sent me one more where I was supposed to write personal story, answer different questions. I did it, but I'm not sure how I can use that for LinkedIn because it's too personal. I mean, I just answered the questions. I didn't think about LinkedIn. I just answered the questions. Now I'm not sure how I can use those and I'm not sure if I'm. If it would be okay to share everything that is there. Yeah, so that and profile optimization, part banner design, I shared that with you. We have to make some edits there that will be done. And profile picture, that is something we still have to do apart from that. So this is where we stand right now.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's solid. Yeah, I feel like now just to make the progress, I feel like we just need to like start putting stuff out there. So the main thing now I'd say is obviously like do the banner so that the banner's done, the profile picture's done, and then we have the foundation. And then I'd say literally just start posting like Three times a week. But let's just leave posting to the site. Okay, three, three posts a week, I'd say, because I think that's manageable. But then the, the priority after that is basically, you know, those DMS that you've been kind of scripting, it's now to start sending them. So I'd say really, you want at least a 10 response rate. So when you, let's just say you send 30 DMS, you want at least 10% of those people positively to respond. So if you're getting 10 to like, I'd say obviously 20% to 30% is better. But if you're getting at least 10% response rate to those DMS, positive responses that people are saying like, yes, like this is good and these are good founders, then it's something that you can continue to scale. And obviously if it's not getting that 10% from at least the first 30 DMS, then we need to change it. But then once we're basically, once we test a couple of DMS and we get one that's getting a good response rate, then we can kind of just keep doing that. And obviously there's going to be people that are going to be like, oh, go away. Like, I don't want this. But as long as you know that for every x number of DMs I send, I know I get positive responses, then that's something. It becomes like a system now. And then you can basically outsource it if you want. And then it's just, you're getting positive responses and you can carry on with them and then it become opportunities.

Speaker A: Got it. You know, name something that I was concerned about this, about this outreach is I'm going to contact people in my space right there in the CPG space, now will they not? I mean, sometimes people hate, they don't like these kind of messages. Right. So when I'm going to do, it's for the long run. So in the long run we're not that. Will that create a negative influence or negative impression of me in the space?

Speaker B: Not really. Because no one really cares. Like, no one really cares about you. Like, let's just say you send them a message, they're not going to be remembering it for a long time. Like, if it's like a really terrible message, then yeah, but then maybe. But really, even if you get a really, really terrible message from someone, I don't think about them after one minute. Like it's just like it's done. And let's just say it's A message that's not so bad, but they're just not interested. Like, for example, let's just say you message me something about YouTube ads or YouTube organic. Like, you want me to start creating YouTube videos. You say you're going to edit them and all that kind of stuff. Then you send me a message about that. Right now I'm not interested in YouTube. But then imagine, like, now at least I know that you exist and that you do YouTube ads. And then, and then if I see your content and then two months down the line I become interested in, I want to start doing YouTube ads, I might come back to you. So I don't think it's a big issue. Like, like, no, like, I don't think it's that. Okay. I don't. It doesn't have that kind of impact. Okay.

Speaker A: All right, so what should we talk about?

Speaker B: It's like also, like, you just don't get clients if you don't make asks. Like, you have to do it. You just have to do it, basically. But, but, but if it's, if it's becoming too much like, if it's like you're getting abused again and again every single day, then maybe we have to tweak the script a little bit, but. Got it. You know what I mean?

Speaker A: Well, the script that I gave you or the one that you edited, the proposal is actually something supposed to be very helpful to people.

Speaker B: Exactly.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly.

Speaker B: And so even if someone responds negatively to that, you know that you're not being, you know that you're just adding value. Like, because you're just thinking that if you don't want this, you're silly because I'm literally going to help your business. So, so, you know, you're adding value and there's going to be a percentage of people that are interested and know that you're adding value as well. And they're going to be like, oh, this is actually a good dm. Thanks for sending. This is actually. This is better than what I usually get. And you're going to get those kinds of responses for sure. Okay, so, yeah, let's see that dm because I remember rescripting it, but I just don't remember it was now.

Speaker A: Sure. Let's actually take a look at the messages. Your messages. It's right there. All right, so you sent it to me. Hey, Eric, have a system that can fix your suppress listings on Amazon and 11 inside bracket and 11 other listing related issues in 48 hours. Interested? So 48 hours. I said that probably that's too Much. I said within three to five days.

Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, as long as it's quick, you know, because they, they know what's, I guess, like what's fast and what's not fast. So as long as it sounds like something that can be done quickly, that's good. Also, if you wanted to add some kind of relevant personality personalization it's just for a test. Right. Is like for example. So I'd say test this because it's really straight to the point. But another something that I call relevant personalization. So one thing that I teach isn't just personalization for the sake of it. So personalization for the sake of it would be like, hey, loved your last post about your trip to Italy. I love the pizza there, by the way. I can help you. That's like personalization for the sake of personalization. But relevant personalization is different where it's like it, it connects to what you're saying. So for example, there was like a really good one about email marketing that I read recently. So it was basically saying, hey Eric, whatever, just signed up to your email list and all your emails are ending up in my spam. I actually have a system that can. Do you know what I mean? So it's like. So it's the same thing that we're saying where we're saying we have a system that can do this. But it's just a bit of personalization where it's like I just actually sign up to your email list that your emails are landing in my spam box. I have a system where I can xyz in the next 48 hours so you don't land in spam, you know, so that's an example of relevant personalization. So if you can come up with some kind of a personalization line as well. So it's like I went on your listing and you know something? It was, there was a problem. And then you do the offer. So those are like two things you can test. And then. So one of them is like a direct offer to value and one of them just has a little bit of personalization to it as well.

Speaker A: Yeah. Now that's making me think about something. There's a software in this space, it's called Smart Scout. So they keep track of this kind of data. So how many sellers there are in both market, everywhere on Amazon and what their listings are and let's say how they are changing month over month so our products being taken down or not. I was thinking if I could integrate that into LinkedIn and that will Be difficult. But that just came to my mind.

Speaker B: Yeah. So, like, let's just say, for example, I don't know if this is possible. I don't even even know if this makes sense. But if you was to say, hey, Eric, just check that. I saw that your store has over 800 pages and 300 of them are suppressed. Have a system that can, you know, I don't know if that even makes sense. Like, you're kind of showing them what their problem is and you're like, I have a system where I can do this quickly fix this for you. Interested?

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Not sure if I can if that. That will be applicable for everybody because will you be sending these messages randomly or will I check their profile and then, you know, send them manually?

Speaker B: What do you mean randomly?

Speaker A: Randomly means automated.

Speaker B: No, no, no. I wouldn't do automated yet. I'd. First I'd start with people in your connection list and then at the same time I'd start basically connecting with people. Obviously you can do automated with a tool. It's up to you, really. The only problem with the automation part is that when it's like for my industry, maybe for yours, it won't make much difference. But for my industry, the reason I like doing manually is because I like checking that they've been posting recently and that they're active. So if I can see that they've commented on some post like yesterday or they posted two days ago, something like that, I connect with them and there's a high chance that they're going to connect with me. But a lot of people just do it manually, so.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: I mean, automated. A lot of people do automated as well, so depends.

Speaker A: Manually, of course, will be better. Then I can check if they're on Amazon or. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: So, yeah, that's the thing. When you're, like doing it manually, you're gonna be connecting to like the best kinds of people. Whereas if you do it automated, it's still good. Like, if you, if you get like a nice list, because you already know, like, you understand Sales Navigator a bit now. So if you get like a nice list and it's very, you know, compact and you're happy with that list, then that's fine, you can do it automated. But there's always going to be like a bunch of people that on that list, no matter how much you try, that are just going to be not relevant at all. So it's just like that.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Okay, but I understand what you mean. Like, if it's going to save you time, like Then yeah, it's still. A lot of people still. Still do automated and it works for them, so.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Probably better to get started manually, but that will take a lot of time in the beginning.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, it will take. It will take a lot of time to validate. But you know, once everything's validated right. Then this message, once, once you know that this message does well, you don't even need to send them. Someone else can send them. Once you have an sop, like you try it yourself and then you haven't. You build an SOP on how to find good people have it in a doc. Someone can just follow that SOP and then they can do it. So it's just about finding the messages. That's going to work well and then you can scale it quite easy.

Speaker A: Okay. All right. So what should you talk about now?

Speaker B: There's not as much to talk about, I feel like right now, obviously, obviously we can speak. But I'm saying just in general, I don't think there's as much to talk about. I think it's just doing like, just doing it now. Like it's just the banner, putting at least two or three posts out and then just start dming. That's literally it.

Speaker A: So let's talk about content, because you know what, I go through an analysis paralysis phase whenever it comes to researching the content and then coming up with actually doing the thing is something very difficult for me. So let's talk about that profile optimization. Consider that done because we have been working on it and it's just a matter of editing a few things. But how about we talk about practically how I can write the first three contents?

Speaker B: So I feel like in the beginning, like how anyone learns how to write good content is just analyzing other, other people's content and then just having your like seeing, seeing what other people are doing, like what I. And then installing your own ideas into that basically. So it's like if someone's talking about email marketing guys talking about how to do the X and you're like, I have an example of how I can talk about how I can. How to do something in my industry and then you just talk about it that I don't think there's that much really to think about, especially with the, the, the middle of funnel post. Because it's hard for me to like teach you, like I can improve what you're doing. But it's not like when you first start, I feel like you just need to do stuff by just seeing what's out there, trying Yourself put it out there. And then when I see what you've done, I can tell you this is good, this is bad, I'll change this, I'll change that. It's there. But I'd say initially, in the beginning it's just like, see what kind of content structures other people are using that that you like and it's working well. And then just install your own ideas into it. Like for example, if you see a story someone posted, like I have a similar story to this, you just put, you just share your story in like a similar way. Or like if someone did like an educational post had a good structure to it, you just have your own idea but just put it into that structure and you just put it out there and then we can kind of go over how to improve it. But in the beginning, I would rather you just put any posts out. They don't need to be amazing, just as long as they're valuable. Like what you're saying is valuable so that we can start DMing people. Okay. Because I just want, when you DM people, you have at least some content, even if it doesn't have 100 likes on it. There's just some valuable content. You're sharing valuable ideas.

Speaker A: Right? Yeah. So those personal stories,

Speaker B: I mean you

Speaker A: have asked a lot of questions there. What do I do with those? Let me maybe share some of those here so that you can take a look. But I'm not sure if I should share all of those.

Speaker B: Yeah, so like I can send you this. I don't know if you have it, but it's basically just an example swipe file where obviously you probably have something like this now anyway. But it's just like a few stories in it, has a few middle of funnel posts in it, has a few bottom of funnel in it with some templates and stuff, has some middle of funnel like flex kind of posts in it as well. And the point is like when you, when you do all of that, when you do all of, when you do that task, when you just have a bunch of stuff about your life that you kind of extracted from your mind is now when you kind of see these kinds of posts and you're like, I kind of have something similar to this that could potentially not every time you won't. But now you're, when you see other people's stories, when it's like aged mid-40s, I started my own business. Her one's more like she's older. I mean you could do something like this, like if you started business later on in life, you could be like age, 30s. I started my own business, but the route was far from smooth. And you can just go into your own story if you started your business really, really young. Like the angle that I usually take is like, I started at 18 and then, but it wasn't easy. And then I share my story that way. But the point is like when you have everything down about yourself and then you see examples of how other people are doing sales posts, like the structure and the kinds of things that they're talking about, and then you're like, I have like so much stuff to say as well about myself. Right.

Speaker A: But the personal story, the concept of tofu, the top, the final concept is not just personal stories. Right. It could be some trending topics too.

Speaker B: Yeah, it can be. But I'd say especially in the beginning, like, what's going to work for you? Because you haven't. What's going to get you the most impressions? Probably right now, probably a personal story.

Speaker A: Okay. And I have to come up with that one of that each week.

Speaker B: If you're only posting, if you're only posting three posts, I don't know if you need to do one every single week. But I do at least one every couple, one every two, three weeks. Okay,

Speaker A: I see.

Speaker B: Yeah, but say like again, like right now there's just no need to overthink this. Like because we haven't actually done anything yet. Like we haven't sent any dms, we haven't put any content. You haven't. It's just about like now doing something, like doing stuff and then we will improve it as we go.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think you sent it to me on LinkedIn.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So even about the Sales Navigator, we need to get started.

Speaker B: Right, Exactly. So like when you, when you, when you've done your Sales Navigator, have you done, have you like used the filters for your own connections or just everyone in the world basically?

Speaker A: Well, I haven't subscribed to it, so I have just watched some videos.

Speaker B: Yeah. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah, so I'd because I'd straight away start with the campaign to like start connecting with people. But then I'd also like the, all the filters that you're gonna do. But then it's like first degree connections. So these are people that you're gonna be able to message straight away.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So because the usual campaigns that you're going to watch on the YouTube videos is like how to find people to connect with so you can message them, but then there's also going to be people that you can message today because they're your first degree connections and these are good people to start with. Okay. And. Yeah, so. And then I test the message that we came up with and one. One variation as well, with some kind of personalization line, I think. I think at least one of them will do very well for you. Okay.

Speaker A: All right, so it's time to get started with this one too. Would you suggest I should start this process right now, the messaging people?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. I'd say at least just fix your profile, put out one post and then start. Okay. So. Because as long as your profile is good, it looks professional. Because if it doesn't look professional, you're putting yourself at, you know, a disadvantage. But if it looks very, very professional and then you're. The message is good, it's valuable. You seem like someone who might actually. Because in their mind, you're giving them a good proposition, but then they're going to look at you and be like, is this person really, like, good at what he does? But if you're from your profile, they can get the sense that, yeah, he looks like he actually knows what he's doing. It's gonna massively increase your chances of getting responses. Okay. And I feel like this offer what you're doing now, the people that do go ahead and let you do it. It's a big value add and it opens up a lot of discussions to, like, do other things. Because if they have that problem, they probably have lots of other problems.

Speaker A: Not surely they do.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, for sure.

Speaker A: Okay. And you know what? On my profile, do you remember that I couldn't show just in the services section, the image, it didn't show any image. I tried to play with that, but it still doesn't. I was then thinking, is it because I don't have a premium subscription or sales nav. That's why it's happening.

Speaker B: Or I wouldn't know because I haven't tried it without Sales Navigator. I've always had Sales Navigator since they brought it out, since they brought this feature out. So. So it could be that, I guess. But I mean, it could be maybe if you have LinkedIn Premium, you get more like features on your profile. But that's a bit weird. It's weird that they don't show that.

Speaker A: All right, name. So what did you say we do from here? Do you think we need to talk about anything else in this call or.

Speaker B: Honestly, I feel like the less talking action at this point now, just the banner, get one post out. At least it doesn't need to be a personal. It just can be some kind of valuable post and then just start test, just testing the DMS. As long as you get a 10 response rate, it's something we can work with. Okay. And yeah, you're suggesting that I send

Speaker A: 30 at least and then see.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, that's. Yeah, yeah. Because if you get zero from 30, obviously that's not good. 30 is enough to get at least some responses.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: And, and, and don't be upset like if someone says like not in, like if someone says not interested. If you get like 20 not interested. Okay, that's. We need to change something. But if you're getting like one or two, it doesn't matter. Especially if you're getting, you know, one or two like people that are saying not interested and then one or two people that are saying, oh, this is amazing dm. It's like, it's like you, you care about the people that are gonna work with you are gonna stay with you for like the next six years if you close them. So is what it is.

Speaker A: Got it, Got it. All right, then we'll work on it from this week. I'll send you the post.

Speaker B: Operating. Yeah, send me the post. And also if you can come up when you have time, if you can come up with some good like personalization lines, something just think about something along, along the lines of. Hey, hey, Eric. I just, I'm just signed up to your newsletter and all of your emails are landing in spam. Like you know, something like that. But your industry, that'd be good.

Speaker A: Got it. Yeah, sure. All right then. So yeah, I will be in touch.

Speaker B: For sure, man. For sure.

Speaker A: Yeah. And you can send me the email invites for the next week so that you know.

Speaker B: Yeah, that was annoying. I was wish you waiting at 5 o' clock clock and. Oh my God. It's okay though. It's okay. Yeah, my bad.

Speaker A: All right. And take care. Bye now.

Speaker B: See ya.

