Transcript for: Recording__1045.mp4
Title: Recording #1045
============================================================

On Fridays. What did she request? She requested the Amazon inventory report on Friday. Yeah, yeah. Then probably not. But what you probably could do is if this is the inventory report that she said to send to us every Friday, you probably could add any comments from our meeting then. Right. If there's any commentary to add. So. Hey, Show Home, how are you? I'm good. How are you? Good. Because, yeah, I was just gonna say Annabelle, if the pre readers here because I wanted to chat a bit today when we talk about inventory, about let's just clean up what's going to be going away and rationalize really hard over the next months on Amazon so that when we rebrand, like when the new look comes, we're only, we're only selling items that we're going to continue to sell. So anything that's going to be discontinued in 2025 or early 2026, let's just start rationalizing on Amazon right now. So that show home is just focusing on variety packs, Camelina Oil and basically that's it. So yeah, so we'll start with the inventory today and then I'll. I'll kind of go into those questions after. Yeah, okay. Hey Shoham. Hi Brittany. So I put together some pieces that comes from rollover discussion from our recent ones. So I had shared those details with you separately last week. So one involves that relisting of 5 liters bed in Amazon Canada. So right. Like you have that SKU details. Right. Like how it was earlier appearing under what. And we did a new code proposal with an A suffix at the end. So that is one. And when we did the new listing for the new snacks to go variety pack, so the only thing that was pending was how to set that packing template. So what I just want to get a double confirmation from your side, Soham. So what I did is I replicated exactly how we are currently doing our master caddy packs as holding four units. This is my current master caddy settings that we show that units per box is four and we don't need any preps and we just set the dimensions and in terms of labeling the units, I.e. v who do the labels. So I replicated the exact template for the new Amazon six pack variety pack. I said the number of units per box as 6 and updated the dimensions and everything. I was able to go in and I could see that we have that option of putting up the expiry dates as well. I feel pretty confident in terms of setting up for the new dispatch. On that note, we're all set up on front End and back end mostly. When are you planning to ship and above. So we have a plan to get the bill done next week. So I would say the dispatch would be the week after Monday or Tuesday. So the 28th. 28th or 29th. And how long does it usually take to get so depends upon. So it depends upon which DC we get to five days but if it is Ontario it takes even up to 10 to 15 days from Sask store. We'll see that. Right. We'll be able to watch in in Amazon if we can start selling I guess your home. Right. Like so worst case you're launching Best case you're you're able to start selling on like May 5th week. Worst case it's like May 12th week. I would say May 15th to 18th would be okay. Would be a better window. You have comments on that Shohom? No, I mean May 15th if we send towards the end of this month. Well it could of course be delayed than that. Right. But that's probably the earliest. Okay, so we'll target live May 15th. Okay. Yeah, let's see. Yeah. Okay. And so just so that I'm aware though to show home. So so Annabelle will let us know that it's shipping around the 28th or 29th and so you will you let us know when you go live with it. Like will you just give us a like hey it's ready and we're selling or I know I would like just an update on when it starts selling. I'm not in the back end every day so. No, of course. Well we'll have to check when it some of them becomes available and then tools start selling. So it's. We're not going to keep the listing closed. It's. We'll just ship it and whenever they receive it's going to be available. I'm thinking in that way. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. We can't keep the listing closed because I have to create the labels using the listing so it will show and I have to generate the labels for shipping so it will all be. It needs to be active otherwise the shipment process and updation of pallet labels can't happen. Okay so just from the shopper and it just shows unavailable until it's available basically. So is there a timing Soham when the front end user sees the listing versus how we at back end see it, Is there a way to hide one and activate the backend and hide the user interface? If you want to hide it from the users after you create the shipments you have the option to close. Close It. So it will not impact any of your shipment processes if that. That is already taken care of. So yeah, that's my answer. Okay. But there's probably no strategy, like why hide it? Right? Just. I. I guess my question was more. I'm just trying to understand the goal. When, what day will it start selling? I guess is the only. My only question. What day will it start selling? Yeah, well, I'll let you know as soon as I observe that. Yeah, we can expect probably to be available around 15th. Let's see. We cannot say for sure. So you know, you have that budget show home that. So we have approved $1,000 against that item specifically. So whenever that starts. That starts. Okay. And then how about. Can you give me an update too? Because you talked about the 5 liter. Is it fulfilled? Is that in like, is that selling again? It's not there yet. Okay. We have not sent the stock yet. Okay. Do we have an assumption on when that will be in once we get it relisted? That's the thing I think I missed out on. So I'll get that done today and then let you know once that's done. Okay, so page 2B. But. So, okay. Yeah, so I guess that will also be part of this Camelin oil copy to show home because both pages will probably be updated. Very similar. Mm. Okay. I'm just going to keep a note of that. Okay. And so you can refer to my email also, like if you want that code reference from last page, you can just check and filter my email. You will get that attachment of the same area. Yeah, yeah, I have it. So it's just the same listing. Just. We're just adding a. That's all. Nothing else. Yeah, but. But we were wondering, should be. Should it be a new ASIN altogether? That is something which I'm not aware of. Like how the previous agency was suggesting. Yeah, I don't think so because we'll lose all the records. And I think we also have reviews on this one. Right. So. Yes, we do have reviews. Yes. So. No, no, no, we are. We're going to try. We're going to keep the same async, just a different scheme. Okay. And last thing on the del Pickle side of things, you remember we discussed that it was not pulling and then it moved to unfulfillable state. So I. I'm dispatching 20 units for this SKU. Okay. So do you want me to up that count straight away in my next shipment as well? Because it might take two weeks to get delivered. Right. It's getting Dispatched today. So it might take two weeks and then my stock will expire in October. So. And we are sitting at in April. Sorry. You know, well, I think that listing was not selling for some reason for more than six months. So yeah, it will probably not be a good idea to send more and then. Okay. Yeah. End up stranded inventory. Yeah. So we'll just wait and watch how these 20 units sell then. Okay. So sorry, are you saying you are still sending those units and above just to see what happens? Yeah. Okay. Because we already discussed and agreed that we are sending some and everything like labeled. Yeah, yeah, it's already prepped. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I just have one query with the team here. So once we are doing the new snacks to go dispatch for the next week. Right. But we still are continuing to send the inventory of our regular snacks to go. So are we doing ad spend on both SKUs and it won't hamper the buying pattern, won't change for customers that's they get affected. Both the current snacks to go is not going to stop selling. That's the idea. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So we will continue that. Okay. Yeah. So at the end of all of this and above the hero sellers on ammo Amazon are current snacks to go. The new variety, 2 times 500 mil camelina oil. 5 liter camelina oil and then we'll have a few like we have the chickpea variety, the fava variety and the lentil variety. Outside of that everything else we're going to rationalize and go away. Yeah, of course. Whatever you will be rationalizing for top would be the variety pack like some variants of the variety pack. Correct. Not the snacks to goes. Yeah, not. Not the snack I'm saying. But the other varieties. Yeah, three, three or four. So that's the next conversation on this. Are you do we have more inventory on this report here to talk about? Okay. Yeah. So this one. Yeah, yeah. So before we start. So the primary is curio that I won't focus on is these snacks to go for Canada. So right now including the new shipment that we are sending, we are sending 500 more. So that will bump the quantity to 1757. Our last month sale was 884. So what is now their recommendation is pretty significant. It's close to 2,000 units more to send by next month. So what do you think we should plan for next? Because we have already put some production plan to you know, send some more units here. Maybe one month more worth of stock you can send here. Max, if I can say something here. So you know what, I generally don't like to follow their recommendations. I like to do our. I also, I also don't trust. So I generally focus on whatever sold in last month, for example, and whatever numbers we have, including shipments in transit. So If I see 50% like we have more than double the stock. So we have, we are good for two months stock in terms of everything planned and in transit. But maybe if we need to keep one more month to make a good stock rotation for three months, that is what I would, that would be my recommendation to send let's say around 800, eight to 900 more. That's it. Not more than that makes sense. Yeah. Three months, two and a half to three months of supply. Whenever you calculate how much to send. If you do that according to two and a half months to three months forecast, I would say yeah, that will be good. I think that will be a good idea. Okay. Okay. So I'll just go back and see whatever numbers we can push, but I won't don't push more than 800 to 900. I'll just put it for my comments. Yeah. And yeah, and also when you calculate these quantities, do you just look at the last 30 days quantity, how much, how many sold or do you also consider the forecast that you have? So, so that is something which I didn't have an insight on. So where do I get access to that information? Like what is the forecasted figures? I have. The forecast is in our forecast. Natasha has that information in our budget file. Okay. Yeah. So including all Skus for Amazon. Okay. Yes. Yeah, that is something I can talk to her about that too. Annabelle. So either I can give you guys access to our dashboard so we can work from show homes for demand planning or we can work from our own budget file. So yeah, we can show them. Can you. How do you. Do you have to just give permission to Annabelle's email to see that? It's just the same link. Yeah, let's just share the link. I see it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I can share the link and above with you and Natasha and I'll put a little note in there about, about it as well. Okay. Yeah, those links I shared before, those are the same ones too that we were talking about. Oh yeah, the dashboard report, if you have the link above the forecast is in there. It's a tab, the last one that you sent. It's okay, we'll resend it an above after this call and it's on the dashboard. It's tabbed in the forecast. Yeah. Okay. And is There a way Soham I can get an average because I see when I go to Amazon dashboard for each store, sometimes I get this access to like last 90 days, but it's more of like different viewing panes. So when I download the restocking or shipment planning report like this one, I don't get access to 90 days previous sales. I have to go to a different viewing pane altogether. So is there a better way I can get access to bringing all data in one place? This dashboard does everything. So we'll reshare the links with you. So this is what we've had him show home create for us. So it has all the metrics in that we look at. Sorry, why am I on the wrong. So this is the key marketing metrics and sales for asin. And then he has added a forecast versus actuals tab. So you can see here on snacks to go that the actuals are even in here all the way back to October. Okay. And then he's populating actuals moving forward. Meanwhile, we have the forecasted number in here. What he assumes, how many units he assumes he's going to sell every single month. Okay. So yeah, this is a. So this has been completed, but this information has also been translated into our budget file, our forecast file, because we just reforecasted. So whichever one you and Natasha want to use, this is a good gut check for sure. And then I don't know how she pulls from the demand, how she pulls into demand planning if she uses the budget file. But these numbers are exactly the same in our internal. Okay, yeah, okay. Yeah, we can. Plus I don't want to like time limit. So I'm here. So yeah, we can definitely take this off line. So yeah, but that this is a great resource for sure. Thanks. Yeah. And it just saves you time having to go into the back end. Like these numbers are the Amazon numbers. So again, if you're making assumptions on forecasting and they're updated every two weeks. Hey, show home. Yeah, yeah, they're updated every two weeks, these numbers. Okay, great. Yeah. Okay. Okay, cool. So yeah, if you want to reshare back to the inventory. Yeah, Let me hide the FNSQ so that we just focus on one SKU column. And yeah, you had this question about 90 days data. No, that's fine because Alicia was mentioning that we might get some thing in your forecasting report. Right, like the last 90 days sale. Oh, okay. Oh, I see. I see. Right. Yeah. Because your dashboard pulls all the way back to actuals from October show home. So yeah, okay, so that was that item. So the other items I want to kind of hone in on here are. So in terms of just highlighting it, the items that we're actually spending against, where we're going to see significant volume going is the variety, the snacks to go items, the Camelina oil two pack and the five liter bag in a box. So those are ones to just really watch right now to make sure that we have good two to three months worth of inventory in the pipe for those items. So this is two pack 500ml oil. 117 units were sold in last one month and we have 240 units in including available is 232. And then there are some in between processing orders. So in total 240 units. Okay, so two months inventory we have and you're kind of saying we're like the forecast is saying we're 110 plus selling every month. So right now if there's 240 sitting there available, we have two months supply. So you likely want to start working on another one more. Yeah, yeah. And then you said the, the five liter are going in. Do you remember how many five liter you shipped and above? No, we have not shipped. Oh you have not shipped yet? No. Yeah, you can. Okay, we have to reset up the page. Yeah, gotcha, gotcha. Okay. Okay, so what is the number that we should focus on once the code is up and running in Amazon store Shoham for five liters back. Because now we don't have a recent history of. Yes, we can do it according to the forecast. So if you look at the forecast, I have forecasted really low numbers and we'll see 10, 15. Yeah, like 15ish per month. Okay, the forecast. Yeah. Okay, so maybe we can start with instead of three months, I'll just start with two months just to send the first batch. Like 30 units. I'll plan to send them. Okay, that's good. Okay. And then. Okay, so that's the 5 mil and the 5 liter. So now go over the 40 grams because these are the ones. We do not want to fulfill these anymore. But show home if there's inventory sitting there, we have to move it because it's just a huge write off for us. So let's just clarify what is sitting there and we are all aligned. No more fulfilling. The last ones going in are the dill pickle. Sure, that's fine but. But no more fulfilling of anything else. So let's just find out what's there on all of them. So you got 68 okay, we have 68 of zesty. So they have been a great sales churner, not churner earner, I would say. Sorry. So the numbers are really high, each against each sku, irrespective of whichever store you pick. So these seems to be pretty popular. And if I have stock, I'll plan to send them out. That's the only thing. Do not fulfill. Do not fulfill any more 40 grams. We want to sell out what's there. Yeah, okay. No, but what if I am holding stock at, at our warehouse for these SKUs? Are they already labeled for Amazon? No, not yet. No. Yeah. So you're saying we have finished goods. Yeah, yeah, that's fine. We're going to. Yeah. I have been given the message to not fulfill. We have to clean up Amazon because honestly, 68 units, it's probably going to take us three months to sell it. We're barely spending on it. Right. So. So if we fulfill, we're gonna have 40 grams for like a year. Okay. Yeah. So I have a bunch of sponsorship events and above. And because these 40 grams too, they're all best before date October, your finished goods right now are all October. So when does Amazon flag that they pull it aside and waste it. Is it three months to the end date? So there that was again one of the questions which was being discussed with the last agency. So as per my knowledge, it is three months stock, but I think Amazon might look into inventory sitting within six months. Does it come under their scanner as well? Soham, do you have an Insight? Is it 180 days or is it like 90 days? What I know right now off the top is after three months they start charging you a overstock fee, but they don't dispose them. And can you repeat again you just after three months after the inventory is more than three months old, they start charging in overstock fee. And right now I don't remember how long it takes for them to dispose them. I don't have that timeline in my mind right now. But then if the expiry date is October, we start getting additional fees in August to start this. Right? That's what you're saying. Oh, because there's only two. Okay, okay. I think there was a miss like I couldn't understand the question properly. So why are you asking more about the expiration date or were you asking about the. So we are trying to figure out what is the limits in terms of shelf life set by Amazon when the items start becoming unsellable. Is it three months or is it six months? Okay, so there are different criteria. We need to check that policy. But I think the most common one is when you ship the products to Amazon, it should be 90 days plus the number of days it takes to consume that product. So, okay, so you're saying at least 90 days shelf life. Yeah, at least 90 days on before the expire. So that's the question here. So the discussion here is we have 40 grams in stock right now in Amazon that have an expiry date labeled on them for October, which means if they don't sell by August, Amazon is going to start doing something about it. Oh, yeah, they'll move it to unfulfillable or something. That's our question. Show home. Okay. No, no, that's not. Probably they're going to. That policy is for the products that you're shipping right now. So at the time of shipping, or not at the time of shipping, at the time of them receiving the products that we shipped, it has to have at least 90 days plus the number of days it takes to consume it. So that means when it's already there, the same policy doesn't apply. Right. It's just when they're receiving the items. Okay, so you're saying they don't have a policy that like say in October they pick a cheddar caddy that has a best before date expiring October 1st, that they'll still ship it on October 1st. They won't put it aside and charge us back. I'm not too sure about it, but this is what it sounds. This is. This sounds right about. Right. So after October 1st, they will mark it as expired and probably dispose them or. And they'll ask us to disp it or ship it back, basically. Because that's been our experience and our experience has been that it's at least three months before expiry. They come to us and say, you do something about it, we'll either ship it back to you or we're going to dispose it at your cost. That's been our experience. So we should just validate what that rule is. But let's just work against three months right now because that's what's. It's happened with I think Camelina Oil and some other products before too, and above where. Yeah, they removed inventory, said unsalable because it only has 90 days left on the. On the label best before date. So that's why we're saying do not fulfill any more caddies because we have. We're just going to end up losing money. Okay. Yeah. So can you just go Back to the 40 grams of Annabel because I'm just trying to understand what is currently there. Because what's currently there shohom needs to spend a little bit of money against it. So we said we have 68 of the cheddar. Yeah. Okay, so there's 68 of the cheddar and then what else is there for 40 grams? Right now. We have barbecue. Lentils are zero. That's great. Barbecue is zero, lentils is zero. There is just two yarns showing. I'm not 100% sure what's happening with those. And then sea salt lime is 45. So right now sea salt lime is 45. Sea salt lime. So show home we need to use that 500 other budget there against this cheddar and the sea salt lime just to move what's there so that we just don't have the write off like see what we can do. So if you can allocate some just against those and the dill pickle, my shipment is I'm. This one which I'm sending is having 20 units on them. Okay. Yeah. And we'll see if dill pickle gets received because we're even seeing there seems to be a greater issue there. So there might be 20 and so sorry, is it 68 saleable units and above or 68 master cases? 68 units. Okay. Yeah. And when you say you're sending 20 dill pickle, is that 20 units available? Units? Yes. Okay. Okay. So yeah, that gets received. But if you can just make sure you put some against this show home. And if we can just move down those inventory when these are out, there is no more coming in of the 40 grams. So we are officially done. Hopefully they're officially done by July, basically because come August I think we'll have issues and Amazon is going to tell us to dispose of them anyways. Yeah. Meanwhile, and above the rest of the 40 grand finished goods here we're donating. I have a bunch of marathons that we can donate them out to. Danny has some sales events because again, expiry date is October. It needs to go now or we're going to end up having to just dispose it. Okay. And are we changing anything Based on our previous discussion last week that should we change all units to be consumed in U. S Store to Canadian pack or we should just keep sending. Which has. Except that one item that got highlighted like the lentils variety pack which we are not refuling. Right. Which we are not refulfilling. So can. Should we continue what we have been Sending. So yeah, that's next. Condensation. So now that we've done the 40 grams, can you just get rid of. Can you just highlight the 40 grams and the. The SKUs that we've talked about right now? So next conversation. Because at the end of the day, what's left? We're rationalizing both at the same time. So the, the whole order here is no more fulfilling items that are not going to be part of the rebrand focus. So we're, we're rationalizing. So the only items that we want left across.ca and.com they'll be the same is this is basically the. These next to go variety packs which is to the camelina oil. And then now we have left. So you can highlight. I would highlight the items that were discontinuing and above in a different color. We're keeping yellow. Can you highlight in a different color the discontinued items? Yeah, yeah. Maybe just red or something. Yeah. So the other items that we want to work back work down the same way as the 40 grams are the salad toppers. So where's that? Yeah, here. Here. This is the one. Yeah. So lentil toppers. So do the same. We have none. That's good. Okay, so we have none. And we'll want to look@.com the same. I don't even know if we have the toppers on dot com. But so do the same. Those need to go away. So sell out. And don't refulfill the chocolate. We've already decided that. So the chocolate go away. Don't make. So maybe I can color this 40 grams in the same color. Right. Because we don't have to fulfill them. So let me mark it in the same color then. 40 grams. Del. So all the 40 grams and then this. Lentil toppers 5 liter. You have roasted lentils. Okay, so the other one is we have a five pack and a three pack of fava bean variety. Don't back. Yeah, five pack fava beans variety. We have 87 units. Okay. Where's the three pack fava bean variety? The one that we sell on the US US is a different tab. Yeah, I know, but we have a five pack and a three pack. So Brittany, help me out. We used to have a three pack on Canada as well. I'm trying to streamline. We should only have a three pack, not a five pack. So I think we have a three pack where we used to sell a three pack on Canada as well. Correct. Like a long time ago. Yeah. Does that asin still exist? If we wanted to do the3pack.ca.com. so it's the same because right now we're selling a five pack of Favas in Canada and a three pack in the U.S. yeah. Let me check the back end. So highlight the five pack there too. Annabelle for Magdalene. Yep. So you have 87 units. And then we also have this wholesome experience variety pack. Highlight that you have quite a bit. There's 204 units sitting there. Show home. So these are the items show home. For that fund to like, the inventory's got to move before it expires. But. But we will mandate not shipping any more in so that we can rationalize to the items that we want to focus on the wholesome. Also, I should mark as markdown and not to fulfill. Yeah, there's 204 units sitting there. That's probably like four months worth of inventory. Yeah, three months for sure. Sweet chili, dill pickle, barbecue chickpeas. What's that? What's line 13? Oh, this is the new variety pack. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah, that's good. Oh, highlight that yellow because that's a must. That's like a. Yeah. What is CT in description? Okay, my bad. Okay, so the dark chocolate chickpeas as well don't fulfill. There's only two. There's good sea salt, lime barbecue sea salt. Keep that one. We'll talk about that. Because I know we're having buy box issues, but that one we'll keep. And the roasted lentil pack of three will keep. And the milk chocolate goes don't fulfill. So all of those pink ones is a don't fulfill. But meanwhile, show home. We do need to move what's there. Sure. Okay. And how quickly. Whatever time it takes. You should just try to move them as soon as possible. Right. Yeah. Ideally we can move through these in the next four months. Like, I know that the. The wholesome variety has a lot of inventory there, but ideally they're done by August. Like. Okay. Yeah. And again, the whole like purpose here is rationalize. So and then let's. And then Annaba, we will match this over to dot com. So anything pink on here? Same. Don't fill it in dot com. We might just have. Have to have an internal discussion about that three pack, five pack fava beam. What are we doing there? Because they're. They're different on both. So. So this is exactly the same for dot com. The only additional thing on.com is you are not fulfilling the lentil variety pack because it got flagged. So just don't fulfill it too. Yeah. But on Canada you can keep it right now. Roasted lentils variety pack. This one, right? Yeah. So could you an above highlight.com the same way and then circulate this report to us and then I can just check it internally as well and. And then we have. This is the plan of rationalizing Amazon in a really big way because how do I focus on what numbers to plan in coming weeks for these two items? Let's say three pack lentils in Canada or three packs. Okay. So if you want you can highlight. Everything we're keeping is yellow. So just highlight those yellow too. So we're keeping those. But it looks like you got pretty good inventory. Like you at least have. Well, maybe. What do you think I have time to send? Because in terms of last month we sold 42. We just have 60 units there. So we might need to send more. Correct. And same thing with C7. C7 for this variety pack. We are actually understocked here. Okay, that's interesting because don't we have buy box issues on that show home? I think so. We're still selling fine. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Your forecast is saying even just on the lentil like 30, 40amonth and 70amonth on the chickpea. So yeah, you definitely need to send some more chickpeas on above. So you are saying 70amonth. Right. So yeah, send more chickpeas and more lentils because what's going to happen too over the next few months, you never like some of these consumers are going to like the 40 grams going away, the wholesome pack variety going away. Our whole assumption is now they're going to buy something else. Right. So hopefully that audience morphs into these other ones. Okay. So yeah, if you can cross reference to dot com and do a similar exercise an above and then circulate it out, that's great. And I'll resend you these links so you can check the forecast numbers and just do a gut check from your assumptions to show homes assumptions on the items. Okay, yeah, that'll be super helpful. That's it. From my side. So home and probably I'll just jump off and we'll reconnect as and when needed. All right. Yeah, sounds good. Thanks Rome. Thank you. Thanks so much. Yeah, thank you. Okay, great. Yeah, that's always a big exercise right now because we're just have so much inventory that spending again. So. Okay. So do you feel clear on that show Home and what's happening with just rationalizing and cleaning up our portfolio? Yeah. Yes. And in terms of the new products, the Rebranded ones. When do you expect them to roll out? Okay. Yeah, because I have a question. So likely we won't actually have packaging in house until like, like if I have to say, like start ship, date of the rebrand, aggressive timeline is October. Worst case timeline is January. So. And then ideally we can get it on Amazon as. As soon as possible. So it is going to be significantly different design. So how do we manage that with our ASINs? So say like the snacks to go is all of a sudden totally different and the image has to match the pack inside the box and the name is different. Yeah, yeah. If Amazon somehow detects it, then they will surely reject the entire idea. But. There's likely a few ways we can go about that. You can start a whole new product, whole new asin and start from scratch, which then we don't have the reviews or it's a, it's a new code, I guess, into the exact same asin and we just have to be perfect in our timing of when the new images go up and the new product is in the bag, in the box. Alternatively, I have seen, I can't even remember what product was. It was way back in the day. I have seen like an image on a product where it said your inside box might have this or might have this. Like where you kind of communicate in your images that you may have one design or the other for a certain amount of time. Yes, so I have seen that before. Yes. No, I understand what you're talking about. New old packaging versus new packaging, that's also something people do. It's just a little bit risky. Something can go wrong. I have also done that before. But. Yeah, so before we send the new packaging, we have to ensure that we change the listing because then the fulfillment team may want to match the images with the products they're receiving. At the same time, Amazon may have some of the old inventory, which customers will continue receiving. So. So probably customers might complain about your thing. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah. So we were saying we may need to put one image in the setup that says we have rebranded. For a short amount of time, you may receive this or this and then when we know it's been cleaned up, then we can remove that image. Yes. And I mean, hopefully that will not happen. But the risky part is, let's say for some reason our listing gets suppressed during this process. We surely have to create a new listing. That's the risk. Yeah, yeah, right, okay. Because, yeah, that was the other thing. Like for instance, this Nax to go current, it has a 3.8 review. It can't even participate in prime days. So we had that like, should we just start from scratch? We know the products fresh, we know the product. Like we have new quality controls in place around the product and stuff too. Like, do you just start from ground zero? No, that will definitely see a huge deep in revenue. That's not the. Yeah. You're saying even algorithm wise, you that ASIN is in like. Yeah, yeah. This listing is an asset. We have ranked for so many keywords. We rank organically and we have invested a lot of money throughout these years. Right. So we need to keep the listing. Okay. Okay. So yeah, well might. You know what, I'll do some research, talk to a few other brands and stuff too of how they've managed that on E Commerce with the image matching what's in package. Um, and honestly, because the other thing we could do show home is even with some of the. We could just, you know, insert like a card into the box, say that it says something like that, like we've rebranded. You may have received this or this, like we're advertising this, but you may have received same. Same great product but different design is coming or something we can like exactly in the box. So at least customers don't complain. They've been notified when they get it. Like. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah, that's a good idea. Closer to date, like this summer we'll have to plan how we start, you know, making sure we don't have listing issues. And apart from the existing ones, we are, I believe we are also going to launch some new SKUs with different kind of combinations and products. Are we? So yeah, so that would be probably next. I don't know if they'll be ready by October. So we're snack mixes. So ideally four snack mixes, which is a whole line in itself. So if we put the snack mix on, it will likely be one Ace and like a variety pack, one of each of the hero flavors. So that would be one SKU. And then in 2026 likely on the go variety pack of that innovation. Okay. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So there's not going to be like a flood of new items coming at you. It's going to be manage the rebrand, make sure that goes smoothly on current ASINs. Then it's going to be list the innovation variety pack of the 140 gram snack mix. Then in 2026 then we'll likely get a snacks to go of the snacks mix. Got it. Okay. Yeah. I met Susie two weeks ago. We went to a sampling event here in Toronto. Yeah. And she was talking about all these studies that marketing research and all, all the stuff that is going on. If you could share some of those insights with me, that will also be nice. I'd say. Yeah, I wonder if. Because we just got some consumer insights. Okay. Yeah, I wonder if I should just share with you the concept report because the insights especially that are highly value or for you are some of the like. So we went out concept testing a bunch of different concepts. So for purchase intent and all of that. But there's a few slides in there about what they care about. Homegrown by Canadian farmers. High protein, nothing artificial. These are all words. So. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, leave that with me and I'll send over to you what I have. Okay. So that's our first concept testing and we'll be doing another one as we refine the packaging. So yeah, as we get more we can share with you. Okay, sure. Okay. Okay, great. So these meetings always take much longer. I'm wondering if we need to just make them longer because I don't know if there's a way around it because it takes 30 minutes for just inventory review. Right. We meet every two weeks. So I wonder, Bernie, I wonder if we should just at least add on 50min 15min to these meetings so that when we. And hopefully too once all that stuff gets cleaned up, it won't be consistent. Yeah. The other thing we could do is kind of like the inventory is part of the bi weekly. We could have just ourselves a weekly touch point if that helps where we have another meeting. Right. Without inventory. But just make them longer for now and okay, so I know. So a few updates that you wanted to show home. You wanted update on the snacks to go video. So Brittany is working with our designer on briefing that in and giving her a shot. So hopefully, I don't know, Brittany, hopefully we have something in the next two weeks on that. Yeah, yeah, sorry, I didn't prioritize that because we had said let's wait for the rebrand. And then the second part of the conversation was let's see if we're capable of doing it in house. Right. So yeah, I'm on it though. Yeah. Okay. And what else was on your. Oh, so the broken transaction show home. So I talked to our controller and so she agrees there might be something like she thinks that sometimes transactions where the money actually transacts could like take as long as a week depending on where. So she was asking, she said, you know, in order to validate this assumption because it's very realistic that this could be why our transaction reports are different from your business reports. She said, is there a way that you could take a month like March, from the 1st of March? Are you able to export the business report out and it would actually show the invoice numbers to every order? Yeah. So it's not the business report. It's called the order report. And that's exactly what I wanted to talk to you. Yeah. I was also looking into these two reports recently for another brand, and it may even take long. Take longer than one week, sometimes two to three weeks. So I was very surprised to see that. Yeah. So what I would do is I'll download the order report first for the month that we are trying to look at, and then I would also download the transaction report, but over a longer period. So let's say we are trying to look at March's data. I'll probably download the transaction report starting from March. March 1st to April 15th. So I'll. I'll just do this and then map out all this data that whatever we need to take from the transaction report with the order report. That's how I would do my calculations. Okay. So are you able to show home. So you're. So, so you're going to change how you calculate? You mean you're going to go six weeks basically, is what you're. Is what you mean, Versus. No. No. Okay, give me one second. I may need to. I may not be able to share the entire Excel report because what, because what we could decide. For me, it's fine if I'm seeing orders versus transactions, as long as I'm seeing the Met, as long as I'm seeing consistent. Like, I don't want a. One day you're. You're reporting on orders and then all of a sudden you change the transactions and then you change. I don't want to change. I want to just make sure we're consistent. And so I don't mind that you're reporting on orders in the month, but if you could give your downloaded order report. Could you give your downloaded order report to us? And Natasha said she wanted to do it as well. She wanted to reconcile, she wanted to look at the invoice numbers because she wants to validate that that's what's happening. So that she has her reasons internally. Yeah, that's what is happening. Yeah. But of course she can verify that. Okay, could you send us. Yeah, if you just send us the email or the reports that you looked and did that I'll share with her too, so that she can validate. Because you're saying you're just exporting the order report. She's exporting the transaction report. Now you've done both and you've cross referenced and you've identified that the transactions are taking up to weeks sometimes. Yes. Let me actually share something. Give me one second. I'm just trying to hide some data and then I'm going to share my screen. Okay. Hopefully that's enough. All right. Yep. All right, so let me share my screen. Can you see my screen now? Yeah. Okay, so this is the, this is the order report. Not exactly. This is the order report here, but this is the comprehensive order report. So that pulls in data from other reports and then shows together. And this is a transactions report. So what I'm suggesting is this transaction report will be downloading over a longer period. Right. So in this case, this is. I'm sorry, this is. This shows the data I don't want to show. But anyway, so this is over a longer. We're going to. Here. In this example, you download from February 15th for some reason to March, April 15th. It's almost two months of data here. Now what I'm doing is I am using Vlookup or anything similar to. We don't. We are not interested in the transactions report. I'm interested in getting the data for the actual order. All the orders that you got in the March of. Month of March. Right. And so whatever data I need to pull from the transaction report report, I'm trying to map. So I'm using Vlookup and then getting the data for these order IDs from the transaction report. For example, I'm trying to get the Amazon referral fee and Amazon shipping and handling fee, all of those data. And then I'm making one comprehensive order report here that we can then use to do whatever calculation we want to do. Okay, so you're. So you're consolidating the reports and then you'll be able to pull out and say within two months time. You're basically reconciling that all transactions of what you said were ordered happened within. From. Happened within two weeks before the month and two weeks after the month. So you're validating that. Basically you're validating that there's a gap in the transaction report as big as two weeks is basically what you're doing with this exercise. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Okay, so did you want to complete that exercise, show home, and then just send it to us, or like you're saying you're going to do that every Month moving forward or are you just doing this one time to validate the gap? Well, I just wanted to show you this is what we can do. If you want me to work on it, then I'll do that. Do you want me to. I think. You know what? Well, it would be more a question for my controller if it helps her anyway, because, yeah, I don't want to create, I don't want to create more work if really just understanding the gap and why it's there is enough. Right. Like, because your order report and your, your forecast, it's all accurate. It is what is actually being ordered because you did sell it, whether it transacted or not, it was sold in that month and it. And the inventory went out that month. So the numbers that you're reporting on in your dashboard matter the most. The transaction actually could throw that off significantly because now I've missed two weeks of inventory that actually sells because the transactions were so delayed. So I'd rather work for, from your numbers for forecasting than from the transaction. Okay, so just send me, send me the exported order report for sure if you can, and your transaction report, the two reports that you were doing. And let me talk to Natasha H. And my only question to her is, you know, going, doing this exercise every month, which takes time, is that actually helpful? Or. The other thing is she changes her. What she's pulling. She changes the time frame of the transaction report somehow, like she, she might change her process a little bit to match better to the order. So that's the conversation I want to have with her. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, so just send that over and I'll have the conversation with her definitely. Let me show you one more thing here which you may find interesting. One second. But yeah, thank you for validating that because I was worried at first, but then I thought it's like, oh, God, whose numbers do I believe? Give me one minute. All right. I'm just trying to do something here. Okay, so. Okay, I'm now ready. That's okay. All right, So I had to. Okay. This is the dashboard, basically. This is also another dashboard. And what I'm trying to show here is it's a breakdown of revenue and then all the expenses. Even if you, let's say, have some third party expenses that can be mapped with the product codes ASIN or sku, then we can create this kind of report for our case. It's easy, we just have Amazon fba and it will also give you product level breakdown of all the revenue versus all the expenses. And then Contribution margin. Yes. Okay, so where are you pulling these numbers from? So you're exporting all of these numbers from Amazon into one dashboard versus having to pull a gazillion different reports. Yes. So this considers many different reports. So for example, order report and then transaction report, sponsored product report, all different ad type reports, sponsored brand, sponsored display. Even if we do dsp, for example, in this one we have warehouse charges, carrier charges in case we do fulfill by merchant storage charges, FBS fulfill, third party storage charges, plus Amazon fulfillment charges. Everything's consolidated. And this is the dashboard that shows you the breakdown. And is this. So this is work in progress or are you currently doing this for other brands? Yeah, I'm doing it for other brands. Oh wow. Okay. That's really good. Because our CFO is like, she does similar exercise and dashboard for all of our retail items. We haven't gone as granular yet on Amazon, so if there's help that can help get there quicker, I think she might be really interested in that. So again, in that same email, Soham, are you able to just send me. I like, I know you have to block out the data, but even just that snapshot that you showed me that shows the columns of what you're measuring for other companies, I think we would be interested. I just want to make sure that it's not redundant to something that she's already doing because again, I don't want two people doing the same work. Sure, yeah. I want to make sure that it's helpful. So yeah, if you could send that too, then I'll chat with her and who knows, maybe they'll want to have a call with you and just talk about all the types of dashboards and reports we can get from the finance perspectives. Perspective. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Okay, that's great. Well done. That's very good business. Best business practices for sure. In terms of reporting and it reveals a lot of insights. I mean even at the product level you can see what expenses are really draining your margin and what can you do about that? Yeah, yeah, right. It gives you a whole story like on your. The health of the business and like again, like, yeah, every time they bring it, like even a lot of these asins that were like discontinuing, it's not because the reason we're discontinuing them is because they're low sellers or they are not. Their margins are crap. Right. Like effort for impact, basically. Right. So yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay, great. And I have an actual training here in 15 minutes, so I just want to. Because I know we want to go over the. Well, first you wanted to talk about ad purchases, performance and recommendations and then the Camelin all copy. I don't think we can get through both. So I need you to pick one and then if we want, we could. You know what? If you wanted to just. Or we can set up a call next week, just the three of us and do those two things on the Tuesday or Wednesday next week. I'm off on Monday, but. Or you're off all week, aren't you, Brittany? I am off all week. Yeah, but. Okay, the copy, I want you to go through the copy anyways because it's a lot of. I'm just curious what you think about all that dog like verbiage and then also some of the reviews and stuff. Yeah, yeah. Now that I disagree with it all. Everything in there was true, but it's just. It's just a new take on what we've done. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because. And for that copy, show home. Because you do the audit like you're showing brands and how they're displaying themselves. And then it's at the bottom, your recommendation of how we write. Right, okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Because I saw, because, Brittany, like I saw like all the bullets. There was only one bullet about pet health. The rest was food focused. And the images, quite a decent section. Right. Because there was also then like reviews of like I give this to. There was like canines and there was horses. Yeah. But those reviews, you cannot see those. Right. Those are just our. For the sake of our understanding what people are. Starts to know how deep we're going on. Yes. Okay. Yeah, of course. Please give me your feedback. But the way I try to write it is, yes, it's a product for human, for us. But then if you want, you can give the same quality to your pets. That's how I wanted to write it. Yeah. And I think especially for the 5 liter, that will be a bit of a driver in terms of just getting more eyes on it for sure. So. Yeah. So okay, so why don't show home, you and me. I'll follow up with you maybe with some available times on Tuesday or Wednesday next week. And we will specifically talk about ad and the Camelina oil, which with the ad performance we can. I just want to reevaluate your. Just reconfirm where we at in terms of allocation of the budget. Yeah, okay. And then show home. Do you have suggestions for what? Like that tag you said got the new image got rejected. Correct. Yeah. So I know it's like racking our. It's just frustrating because everything that we've tried has been a derivative of other brands. Right. So, yeah. I'm not sure what else you would like. Well, actually, I don't have any new ideas that I can share in this meeting right now. Yeah, well, I think we should definitely try something else. I'll do some research, too. I mean, but, I mean, there's only really two places to put it, which is what we both tried. So I'll keep digging and seeing. Yeah, sure. Okay. Okay. Are you pretty flexible next Tuesday, the 22nd and 23rd show home? If I just send a time and then do you just let me know if that works or doesn't. Like, we could do. We could do one year Eastern time. Right. We could do 1:00pm Eastern. We could do 12 or 1:00pm Eastern on Tuesday. Let's do 12 because I have a meeting at. Okay. So, yeah, 12 would be nice. Okay. Okay, great. All right, well, we'll talk to you more next week. So. Yeah, send over those reports. I love looking at this. Okay. Yeah, you can tell the phase we're in. Hey. Of the business. Like we're. Yeah. I'm just understanding again this numbers are highly. As long as they're right. They are extremely powerful in terms of just health of the business and each asin. And it just helps you make really good decisions. So. Yeah. Okay. All right. We'll chat with you more next week. Have a great long weekend. Yeah, you as well. Bye now. Yeah. Happy Easter. Happy Easter.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: On Fridays.

Speaker B: What did she request? She requested the Amazon inventory report on Friday. Yeah, yeah. Then probably not. But what you probably could do is if this is the inventory report that she said to send to us every Friday, you probably could add any comments from our meeting then. Right. If there's any commentary to add. So. Hey, Show Home, how are you?

Speaker C: I'm good. How are you?

Speaker B: Good. Because, yeah, I was just gonna say Annabelle, if the pre readers here because I wanted to chat a bit today when we talk about inventory, about let's just clean up what's going to be going away and rationalize really hard over the next months on Amazon so that when we rebrand, like when the new look comes, we're only, we're only selling items that we're going to continue to sell. So anything that's going to be discontinued in 2025 or early 2026, let's just start rationalizing on Amazon right now. So that show home is just focusing on variety packs, Camelina Oil and basically that's it. So yeah, so we'll start with the inventory today and then I'll. I'll kind of go into those questions after. Yeah, okay.

Speaker A: Hey Shoham. Hi Brittany. So I put together some pieces that comes from rollover discussion from our recent ones. So I had shared those details with you separately last week. So one involves that relisting of 5 liters bed in Amazon Canada. So right. Like you have that SKU details. Right. Like how it was earlier appearing under what. And we did a new code proposal with an A suffix at the end. So that is one. And when we did the new listing for the new snacks to go variety pack, so the only thing that was pending was how to set that packing template. So what I just want to get a double confirmation from your side, Soham. So what I did is I replicated exactly how we are currently doing our master caddy packs as holding four units. This is my current master caddy settings that we show that units per box is four and we don't need any preps and we just set the dimensions and in terms of labeling the units, I.e. v who do the labels. So I replicated the exact template for the new Amazon six pack variety pack. I said the number of units per box as 6 and updated the dimensions and everything. I was able to go in and I could see that we have that option of putting up the expiry dates as well. I feel pretty confident in terms of setting up for the new dispatch.

Speaker B: On that note, we're all set up on front End and back end mostly. When are you planning to ship and above.

Speaker A: So we have a plan to get the bill done next week. So I would say the dispatch would be the week after Monday or Tuesday.

Speaker B: So the 28th.

Speaker A: 28th or 29th.

Speaker B: And how long does it usually take to get so depends upon.

Speaker A: So it depends upon which DC we get to five days but if it is Ontario it takes even up to 10 to 15 days from Sask store.

Speaker B: We'll see that. Right. We'll be able to watch in in Amazon if we can start selling I guess your home. Right. Like so worst case you're launching Best case you're you're able to start selling on like May 5th week. Worst case it's like May 12th week.

Speaker A: I would say May 15th to 18th would be okay. Would be a better window.

Speaker B: You have comments on that Shohom?

Speaker C: No, I mean May 15th if we send towards the end of this month. Well it could of course be delayed than that. Right. But that's probably the earliest.

Speaker B: Okay, so we'll target live May 15th.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah, let's see.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. And so just so that I'm aware though to show home. So so Annabelle will let us know that it's shipping around the 28th or 29th and so you will you let us know when you go live with it. Like will you just give us a like hey it's ready and we're selling or I know I would like just an update on when it starts selling. I'm not in the back end every day so.

Speaker C: No, of course. Well we'll have to check when it some of them becomes available and then tools start selling. So it's. We're not going to keep the listing closed. It's. We'll just ship it and whenever they receive it's going to be available. I'm thinking in that way.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: We can't keep the listing closed because I have to create the labels using the listing so it will show and I have to generate the labels for shipping so it will all be. It needs to be active otherwise the shipment process and updation of pallet labels can't happen.

Speaker B: Okay so just from the shopper and it just shows unavailable until it's available basically.

Speaker A: So is there a timing Soham when the front end user sees the listing versus how we at back end see it, Is there a way to hide one and activate the backend and hide the user interface?

Speaker C: If you want to hide it from the users after you create the shipments you have the option to close. Close It. So it will not impact any of your shipment processes if that. That is already taken care of. So yeah, that's my answer.

Speaker B: Okay. But there's probably no strategy, like why hide it? Right? Just. I. I guess my question was more. I'm just trying to understand the goal. When, what day will it start selling? I guess is the only. My only question. What day will it start selling?

Speaker A: Yeah, well, I'll let you know as

Speaker C: soon as I observe that. Yeah, we can expect probably to be available around 15th. Let's see. We cannot say for sure.

Speaker B: So you know, you have that budget show home that. So we have approved $1,000 against that item specifically. So whenever that starts. That starts.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And then how about. Can you give me an update too? Because you talked about the 5 liter. Is it fulfilled? Is that in like, is that selling again? It's not there yet. Okay.

Speaker A: We have not sent the stock yet.

Speaker B: Okay. Do we have an assumption on when

Speaker A: that will be in once we get it relisted?

Speaker C: That's the thing I think I missed out on. So I'll get that done today and then let you know once that's done.

Speaker B: Okay, so page 2B. But.

Speaker A: So, okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, so I guess that will also be part of this Camelin oil copy to show home because both pages will probably be updated. Very similar.

Speaker A: Mm.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: I'm just going to keep a note of that.

Speaker A: Okay. And so you can refer to my email also, like if you want that code reference from last page, you can just check and filter my email. You will get that attachment of the same area.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, I have it. So it's just the same listing. Just. We're just adding a.

Speaker B: That's all.

Speaker C: Nothing else.

Speaker A: Yeah, but. But we were wondering, should be. Should it be a new ASIN altogether? That is something which I'm not aware of. Like how the previous agency was suggesting.

Speaker C: Yeah, I don't think so because we'll lose all the records. And I think we also have reviews on this one.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: So. Yes, we do have reviews.

Speaker C: Yes. So. No, no, no, we are. We're going to try. We're going to keep the same async, just a different scheme.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And

Speaker A: last thing on the del Pickle side of things, you remember we discussed that it was not pulling and then it moved to unfulfillable state. So I. I'm dispatching 20 units for this SKU.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: So do you want me to up that count straight away in my next shipment as well? Because it might take two weeks to get delivered. Right. It's getting Dispatched today. So it might take two weeks and then my stock will expire in October. So. And we are sitting at in April. Sorry.

Speaker C: You know, well, I think that listing was not selling for some reason for more than six months. So yeah, it will probably not be a good idea to send more and then.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah. End up stranded inventory. Yeah.

Speaker A: So we'll just wait and watch how these 20 units sell then. Okay.

Speaker B: So sorry, are you saying you are still sending those units and above just to see what happens? Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Because we already discussed and agreed that we are sending some and everything like labeled.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, it's already prepped. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. I just have one query with the team here. So once we are doing the new snacks to go dispatch for the next week. Right. But we still are continuing to send the inventory of our regular snacks to go. So are we doing ad spend on both SKUs and it won't hamper the buying pattern, won't change for customers that's they get affected.

Speaker B: Both the current snacks to go is not going to stop selling. That's the idea.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So we will continue that. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. So at the end of all of this and above the hero sellers on ammo Amazon are current snacks to go. The new variety, 2 times 500 mil camelina oil. 5 liter camelina oil and then we'll have a few like we have the chickpea variety, the fava variety and the lentil variety. Outside of that everything else we're going to rationalize and go away.

Speaker A: Yeah, of course. Whatever you will be rationalizing for top would be the variety pack like some variants of the variety pack. Correct.

Speaker B: Not the snacks to goes.

Speaker A: Yeah, not. Not the snack I'm saying.

Speaker B: But the other varieties.

Speaker A: Yeah, three, three or four.

Speaker B: So that's the next conversation on this. Are you do we have more inventory on this report here to talk about? Okay. Yeah. So this one. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: So before we start. So the primary is curio that I won't focus on is these snacks to go for Canada. So right now including the new shipment that we are sending, we are sending 500 more. So that will bump the quantity to 1757. Our last month sale was 884. So what is now their recommendation is pretty significant. It's close to 2,000 units more to send by next month. So what do you think we should plan for next? Because we have already put some production plan to you know, send some more units here. Maybe one month more worth of stock you can send here. Max,

Speaker C: if I can say something here. So you know what, I generally don't like to follow their recommendations. I like to do our.

Speaker A: I also, I also don't trust. So I generally focus on whatever sold in last month, for example, and whatever numbers we have, including shipments in transit. So If I see 50% like we have more than double the stock. So we have, we are good for two months stock in terms of everything planned and in transit. But maybe if we need to keep one more month to make a good stock rotation for three months, that is what I would, that would be my recommendation to send let's say around 800, eight to 900 more. That's it.

Speaker C: Not more than that makes sense.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Three months, two and a half to three months of supply. Whenever you calculate how much to send. If you do that according to two and a half months to three months forecast, I would say yeah, that will be good. I think that will be a good idea.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So I'll just go back and see whatever numbers we can push, but I won't don't push more than 800 to 900. I'll just put it for my comments.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: And yeah, and also when you calculate these quantities, do you just look at the last 30 days quantity, how much, how many sold or do you also consider the forecast that you have?

Speaker A: So, so that is something which I didn't have an insight on. So where do I get access to that information? Like what is the forecasted figures?

Speaker B: I have. The forecast is in our forecast. Natasha has that information in our budget file.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So including all Skus for Amazon. Okay.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah, that is something I can talk

Speaker B: to her about that too. Annabelle. So either I can give you guys access to our dashboard so we can work from show homes for demand planning or we can work from our own budget file. So yeah, we can show them. Can you. How do you. Do you have to just give permission to Annabelle's email to see that?

Speaker C: It's just the same link. Yeah, let's just share the link. I see it. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, I can share the link and above with you and Natasha and I'll put a little note in there about, about it as well.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker D: Yeah, those links I shared before, those are the same ones too that we were talking about.

Speaker B: Oh yeah, the dashboard report, if you have the link above the forecast is in there.

Speaker A: It's a tab, the last one that you sent.

Speaker B: It's okay, we'll resend it an above after this call and it's on the dashboard. It's tabbed in the forecast. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. And is There a way Soham I can get an average because I see when I go to Amazon dashboard for each store, sometimes I get this access to like last 90 days, but it's more of like different viewing panes. So when I download the restocking or shipment planning report like this one, I don't get access to 90 days previous sales. I have to go to a different viewing pane altogether. So is there a better way I can get access to bringing all data in one place?

Speaker B: This dashboard does everything. So we'll reshare the links with you. So this is what we've had him show home create for us. So it has all the metrics in that we look at. Sorry, why am I on the wrong. So this is the key marketing metrics and sales for asin. And then he has added a forecast versus actuals tab. So you can see here on snacks to go that the actuals are even in here all the way back to October.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And then he's populating actuals moving forward. Meanwhile, we have the forecasted number in here. What he assumes, how many units he assumes he's going to sell every single month.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So yeah, this is a. So this has been completed, but this information has also been translated into our budget file, our forecast file, because we just reforecasted. So whichever one you and Natasha want to use, this is a good gut check for sure. And then I don't know how she pulls from the demand, how she pulls into demand planning if she uses the budget file. But these numbers are exactly the same in our internal.

Speaker A: Okay, yeah, okay. Yeah, we can. Plus I don't want to like time limit. So I'm here. So yeah, we can definitely take this off line. So yeah, but that this is a great resource for sure. Thanks.

Speaker B: Yeah. And it just saves you time having to go into the back end. Like these numbers are the Amazon numbers. So again, if you're making assumptions on forecasting and they're updated every two weeks. Hey, show home. Yeah, yeah, they're updated every two weeks, these numbers.

Speaker A: Okay, great.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. Okay, cool. So yeah, if you want to reshare back to the inventory.

Speaker A: Yeah, Let me hide the FNSQ so that we just focus on one SKU column.

Speaker C: And yeah, you had this question about 90 days data.

Speaker A: No, that's fine because Alicia was mentioning that we might get some thing in your forecasting report. Right, like the last 90 days sale.

Speaker C: Oh, okay. Oh, I see. I see. Right.

Speaker B: Yeah. Because your dashboard pulls all the way back to actuals from October show home. So yeah, okay, so that was that item. So the other items I want to kind of hone in on here are. So in terms of just highlighting it, the items that we're actually spending against, where we're going to see significant volume going is the variety, the snacks to go items, the Camelina oil two pack and the five liter bag in a box. So those are ones to just really watch right now to make sure that we have good two to three months worth of inventory in the pipe for those items.

Speaker A: So this is two pack 500ml oil. 117 units were sold in last one month and we have 240 units in including available is 232. And then there are some in between processing orders. So in total 240 units. Okay, so two months inventory we have

Speaker B: and you're kind of saying we're like the forecast is saying we're 110 plus selling every month. So right now if there's 240 sitting there available, we have two months supply. So you likely want to start working on another one more.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: And then you said the, the five liter are going in. Do you remember how many five liter you shipped and above?

Speaker A: No, we have not shipped.

Speaker B: Oh you have not shipped yet?

Speaker A: No. Yeah, you can.

Speaker B: Okay, we have to reset up the page.

Speaker A: Yeah, gotcha, gotcha.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay,

Speaker A: so what is the number that we should focus on once the code is up and running in Amazon store Shoham for five liters back. Because now we don't have a recent history of.

Speaker C: Yes, we can do it according to the forecast. So if you look at the forecast, I have forecasted really low numbers and we'll see 10, 15.

Speaker D: Yeah, like 15ish per month. Okay, the forecast. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay,

Speaker A: so maybe we can start with instead of three months, I'll just start with two months just to send the first batch. Like 30 units. I'll plan to send them.

Speaker B: Okay, that's good.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And then. Okay, so that's the 5 mil and the 5 liter. So now go over the 40 grams because these are the ones. We do not want to fulfill these anymore. But show home if there's inventory sitting there, we have to move it because it's just a huge write off for us. So let's just clarify what is sitting there and we are all aligned. No more fulfilling. The last ones going in are the dill pickle. Sure, that's fine but. But no more fulfilling of anything else. So let's just find out what's there on all of them. So you got 68 okay,

Speaker A: we have 68 of zesty. So they have been a great sales churner, not churner earner, I would say. Sorry. So the numbers are really high, each against each sku, irrespective of whichever store you pick. So these seems to be pretty popular. And if I have stock, I'll plan to send them out. That's the only thing.

Speaker B: Do not fulfill. Do not fulfill any more 40 grams. We want to sell out what's there. Yeah, okay.

Speaker A: No, but what if I am holding stock at, at our warehouse for these SKUs?

Speaker B: Are they already labeled for Amazon?

Speaker A: No, not yet.

Speaker B: No. Yeah. So you're saying we have finished goods. Yeah, yeah, that's fine. We're going to. Yeah. I have been given the message to not fulfill. We have to clean up Amazon because honestly, 68 units, it's probably going to take us three months to sell it. We're barely spending on it. Right.

Speaker C: So.

Speaker B: So if we fulfill, we're gonna have 40 grams for like a year.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. So I have a bunch of sponsorship events and above. And because these 40 grams too, they're all best before date October, your finished goods right now are all October. So when does Amazon flag that they pull it aside and waste it. Is it three months to the end date?

Speaker A: So there that was again one of the questions which was being discussed with the last agency. So as per my knowledge, it is three months stock, but I think Amazon might look into inventory sitting within six months. Does it come under their scanner as well? Soham, do you have an Insight? Is it 180 days or is it like 90 days?

Speaker C: What I know right now off the top is after three months they start charging you a overstock fee, but they don't dispose them.

Speaker A: And can you repeat again you just

Speaker C: after three months after the inventory is more than three months old, they start charging in overstock fee. And right now I don't remember how long it takes for them to dispose them. I don't have that timeline in my mind right now. But then

Speaker B: if the expiry date is October, we start getting additional fees in August to start this. Right? That's what you're saying. Oh, because there's only two.

Speaker C: Okay, okay. I think there was a miss like I couldn't understand the question properly. So why are you asking more about the expiration date or were you asking about the.

Speaker A: So we are trying to figure out what is the limits in terms of shelf life set by Amazon when the items start becoming unsellable. Is it three months or is it six months?

Speaker C: Okay, so there are different criteria. We need to check that policy. But I think the most common one is when you ship the products to Amazon, it should be 90 days plus the number of days it takes to consume that product. So,

Speaker A: okay, so you're saying at least 90 days shelf life.

Speaker B: Yeah, at least 90 days on before the expire. So that's the question here. So the discussion here is we have 40 grams in stock right now in Amazon that have an expiry date labeled on them for October, which means if they don't sell by August, Amazon is going to start doing something about it.

Speaker A: Oh, yeah, they'll move it to unfulfillable or something.

Speaker B: That's our question. Show home. Okay.

Speaker C: No, no, that's not. Probably they're going to. That policy is for the products that you're shipping right now. So at the time of shipping, or not at the time of shipping, at the time of them receiving the products that we shipped, it has to have at least 90 days plus the number of days it takes to consume it. So that means when it's already there, the same policy doesn't apply.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker C: It's just when they're receiving the items.

Speaker B: Okay, so you're saying they don't have a policy that like say in October they pick a cheddar caddy that has a best before date expiring October 1st, that they'll still ship it on October 1st. They won't put it aside and charge us back.

Speaker C: I'm not too sure about it, but this is what it sounds. This is. This sounds right about. Right. So after October 1st, they will mark it as expired and probably dispose them or.

Speaker B: And they'll ask us to disp it or ship it back, basically. Because that's been our experience and our experience has been that it's at least three months before expiry. They come to us and say, you do something about it, we'll either ship it back to you or we're going to dispose it at your cost. That's been our experience. So we should just validate what that rule is. But let's just work against three months right now because that's what's. It's happened with I think Camelina Oil and some other products before too, and above where. Yeah, they removed inventory, said unsalable because it only has 90 days left on the. On the label best before date. So that's why we're saying do not fulfill any more caddies because we have. We're just going to end up losing money.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker B: So can you just go Back to the 40 grams of Annabel because I'm just trying to understand what is currently there. Because what's currently there shohom needs to spend a little bit of money against it. So we said we have 68 of the cheddar.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so there's 68 of the cheddar and then what else is there for 40 grams? Right now.

Speaker A: We have barbecue.

Speaker B: Lentils are zero.

Speaker A: That's great. Barbecue is zero, lentils is zero. There is just two yarns showing. I'm not 100% sure what's happening with those.

Speaker B: And then sea salt lime is 45. So right now sea salt lime is 45. Sea salt lime. So show home we need to use that 500 other budget there against this cheddar and the sea salt lime just to move what's there so that we just don't have the write off like see what we can do. So if you can allocate some just against those and the dill pickle,

Speaker A: my shipment is I'm. This one which I'm sending is having 20 units on them.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. And we'll see if dill pickle gets received because we're even seeing there seems to be a greater issue there. So there might be 20 and so sorry, is it 68 saleable units and above or 68 master cases?

Speaker A: 68 units.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: And when you say you're sending 20 dill pickle, is that 20 units available? Units?

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. So yeah, that gets received. But if you can just make sure you put some against this show home. And if we can just move down those inventory when these are out, there is no more coming in of the 40 grams. So we are officially done. Hopefully they're officially done by July, basically because come August I think we'll have issues and Amazon is going to tell us to dispose of them anyways.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Meanwhile, and above the rest of the 40 grand finished goods here we're donating. I have a bunch of marathons that we can donate them out to. Danny has some sales events because again, expiry date is October. It needs to go now or we're going to end up having to just dispose it.

Speaker A: Okay. And are we changing anything Based on our previous discussion last week that should we change all units to be consumed in U. S Store to Canadian pack or we should just keep sending. Which has. Except that one item that got highlighted

Speaker B: like the lentils variety pack which we are not refuling. Right.

Speaker A: Which we are not refulfilling. So can.

Speaker B: Should we continue what we have been Sending. So yeah, that's next. Condensation. So now that we've done the 40 grams, can you just get rid of. Can you just highlight the 40 grams and the. The SKUs that we've talked about right now? So next conversation. Because at the end of the day, what's left? We're rationalizing both at the same time. So the, the whole order here is no more fulfilling items that are not going to be part of the rebrand focus. So we're, we're rationalizing. So the only items that we want left across.ca and.com they'll be the same is this is basically the. These next to go variety packs which is to the camelina oil. And then now we have left. So you can highlight. I would highlight the items that were discontinuing and above in a different color. We're keeping yellow. Can you highlight in a different color the discontinued items?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Maybe just red or something.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So the other items that we want to work back work down the same way as the 40 grams are the salad toppers. So where's that? Yeah, here.

Speaker A: Here. This is the one.

Speaker B: Yeah. So lentil toppers. So do the same. We have none. That's good. Okay, so we have none. And we'll want to look@.com the same. I don't even know if we have the toppers on dot com. But so do the same. Those need to go away. So sell out. And don't refulfill the chocolate. We've already decided that. So the chocolate go away. Don't make.

Speaker A: So maybe I can color this 40 grams in the same color.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker A: Because we don't have to fulfill them. So let me mark it in the same color then. 40 grams.

Speaker C: Del.

Speaker B: So all the 40 grams and then this. Lentil toppers 5 liter. You have roasted lentils. Okay, so the other one is we have a five pack and a three pack of fava bean variety. Don't back.

Speaker A: Yeah, five pack fava beans variety. We have 87 units.

Speaker B: Okay. Where's the three pack fava bean variety? The one that we sell on the

Speaker A: US US is a different tab.

Speaker B: Yeah, I know, but we have a five pack and a three pack. So Brittany, help me out. We used to have a three pack on Canada as well. I'm trying to streamline. We should only have a three pack, not a five pack. So I think we have a three pack where we used to sell a three pack on Canada as well. Correct.

Speaker D: Like a long time ago.

Speaker B: Yeah. Does that asin still exist? If we wanted to do the3pack.ca.com. so it's the same because right now we're selling a five pack of Favas in Canada and a three pack in the U.S. yeah.

Speaker D: Let me check the back end.

Speaker B: So highlight the five pack there too.

Speaker A: Annabelle for Magdalene. Yep.

Speaker B: So you have 87 units. And then we also have this wholesome experience variety pack. Highlight that you have quite a bit. There's 204 units sitting there. Show home. So these are the items show home. For that fund to like, the inventory's got to move before it expires. But. But we will mandate not shipping any more in so that we can rationalize to the items that we want to focus on the wholesome.

Speaker A: Also, I should mark as markdown and not to fulfill.

Speaker B: Yeah, there's 204 units sitting there. That's probably like four months worth of inventory.

Speaker A: Yeah, three months for sure.

Speaker B: Sweet chili, dill pickle, barbecue chickpeas. What's that? What's line 13?

Speaker A: Oh, this is the new variety pack.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah, that's good. Oh, highlight that yellow because that's a must. That's like a. Yeah.

Speaker A: What is CT in description? Okay, my bad.

Speaker B: Okay, so the dark chocolate chickpeas as well don't fulfill. There's only two. There's good sea salt, lime barbecue sea salt. Keep that one. We'll talk about that. Because I know we're having buy box issues, but that one we'll keep. And the roasted lentil pack of three will keep. And the milk chocolate goes don't fulfill. So all of those pink ones is a don't fulfill. But meanwhile, show home. We do need to move what's there.

Speaker C: Sure.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: And how quickly. Whatever time it takes. You should just try to move them as soon as possible.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Yeah. Ideally we can move through these in the next four months. Like, I know that the. The wholesome variety has a lot of inventory there, but ideally they're done by August. Like. Okay. Yeah. And again, the whole like purpose here is rationalize. So and then let's. And then Annaba, we will match this over to dot com. So anything pink on here? Same. Don't fill it in dot com. We might just have. Have to have an internal discussion about that three pack, five pack fava beam. What are we doing there? Because they're. They're different on both. So. So this is exactly the same for dot com. The only additional thing on.com is you are not fulfilling the lentil variety pack because it got flagged. So just don't fulfill it too.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: But on Canada you can keep it right now.

Speaker A: Roasted lentils variety pack. This one, right? Yeah.

Speaker B: So could you an above highlight.com the same way and then circulate this report to us and then I can just check it internally as well and. And then we have. This is the plan of rationalizing Amazon in a really big way because how

Speaker A: do I focus on what numbers to plan in coming weeks for these two items? Let's say three pack lentils in Canada or three packs.

Speaker B: Okay. So if you want you can highlight. Everything we're keeping is yellow. So just highlight those yellow too. So we're keeping those. But it looks like you got pretty good inventory. Like you at least have. Well, maybe.

Speaker A: What do you think I have time to send? Because in terms of last month we sold 42. We just have 60 units there. So we might need to send more.

Speaker B: Correct.

Speaker A: And same thing with C7. C7 for this variety pack. We are actually understocked here.

Speaker B: Okay, that's interesting because don't we have buy box issues on that show home?

Speaker C: I think so.

Speaker B: We're still selling fine. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah,

Speaker B: yeah. Your forecast is saying even just on the lentil like 30, 40amonth and 70amonth on the chickpea. So yeah, you definitely need to send some more chickpeas on above.

Speaker A: So you are saying 70amonth. Right.

Speaker B: So yeah, send more chickpeas and more lentils because what's going to happen too over the next few months, you never like some of these consumers are going to like the 40 grams going away, the wholesome pack variety going away. Our whole assumption is now they're going to buy something else. Right. So hopefully that audience morphs into these other ones.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So yeah, if you can cross reference to dot com and do a similar exercise an above and then circulate it out, that's great. And I'll resend you these links so you can check the forecast numbers and just do a gut check from your assumptions to show homes assumptions on the items.

Speaker A: Okay, yeah, that'll be super helpful. That's it. From my side. So home and probably I'll just jump off and we'll reconnect as and when needed.

Speaker C: All right. Yeah, sounds good.

Speaker A: Thanks Rome.

Speaker C: Thank you.

Speaker B: Thanks so much.

Speaker A: Yeah, thank you.

Speaker B: Okay, great. Yeah, that's always a big exercise right now because we're just have so much inventory that spending again. So. Okay. So do you feel clear on that show Home and what's happening with just rationalizing and cleaning up our portfolio? Yeah.

Speaker C: Yes. And in terms of the new products, the Rebranded ones. When do you expect them to roll out?

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, because I have a question. So likely we won't actually have packaging in house until like, like if I have to say, like start ship, date of the rebrand, aggressive timeline is October. Worst case timeline is January. So. And then ideally we can get it on Amazon as. As soon as possible. So it is going to be significantly different design. So how do we manage that with our ASINs? So say like the snacks to go is all of a sudden totally different and the image has to match the pack inside the box

Speaker D: and the name is different.

Speaker A: Yeah,

Speaker C: yeah. If Amazon somehow detects it, then they will surely reject the entire idea. But.

Speaker B: There's likely a few ways we can go about that. You can start a whole new product, whole new asin and start from scratch, which then we don't have the reviews or it's a, it's a new code, I guess, into the exact same asin and we just have to be perfect in our timing of when the new images go up and the new product is in the bag, in the box. Alternatively, I have seen, I can't even remember what product was. It was way back in the day. I have seen like an image on a product where it said your inside box might have this or might have this. Like where you kind of communicate in your images that you may have one design or the other for a certain amount of time. Yes, so I have seen that before.

Speaker C: Yes. No, I understand what you're talking about. New old packaging versus new packaging, that's also something people do. It's just a little bit risky. Something can go wrong. I have also done that before. But. Yeah, so before we send the new packaging, we have to ensure that we change the listing because then the fulfillment team may want to match the images with the products they're receiving. At the same time, Amazon may have some of the old inventory, which customers will continue receiving. So.

Speaker B: So probably customers might complain about your thing.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah.

Speaker B: So we were saying we may need to put one image in the setup that says we have rebranded. For a short amount of time, you may receive this or this and then when we know it's been cleaned up, then we can remove that image.

Speaker C: Yes. And I mean, hopefully that will not happen. But the risky part is, let's say for some reason our listing gets suppressed during this process. We surely have to create a new listing. That's the risk.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, right, okay. Because, yeah, that was the other thing. Like for instance, this Nax to go current, it has a 3.8 review. It can't even participate in prime days. So we had that like, should we just start from scratch? We know the products fresh, we know the product. Like we have new quality controls in place around the product and stuff too. Like, do you just start from ground zero?

Speaker C: No, that will definitely see a huge deep in revenue. That's not the.

Speaker B: Yeah. You're saying even algorithm wise, you that ASIN is in like.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: This listing is an asset. We have ranked for so many keywords. We rank organically and we have invested a lot of money throughout these years. Right. So we need to keep the listing.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. So yeah, well might. You know what, I'll do some research, talk to a few other brands and stuff too of how they've managed that on E Commerce with the image matching what's in package. Um, and honestly, because the other thing we could do show home is even with some of the. We could just, you know, insert like a card into the box, say that it says something like that, like we've rebranded. You may have received this or this, like we're advertising this, but you may have received same. Same great product but different design is coming or something we can like exactly in the box. So at least customers don't complain. They've been notified when they get it. Like.

Speaker C: Yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah, that's a good idea.

Speaker B: Closer to date, like this summer we'll have to plan how we start, you know, making sure we don't have listing issues.

Speaker C: And apart from the existing ones, we are, I believe we are also going to launch some new SKUs with different kind of combinations and products. Are we?

Speaker B: So yeah, so that would be probably next. I don't know if they'll be ready by October. So we're snack mixes. So ideally four snack mixes, which is a whole line in itself. So if we put the snack mix on, it will likely be one Ace and like a variety pack, one of each of the hero flavors. So that would be one SKU. And then in 2026 likely on the go variety pack of that innovation.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker B: Yeah. So there's not going to be like a flood of new items coming at you. It's going to be manage the rebrand, make sure that goes smoothly on current ASINs. Then it's going to be list the innovation variety pack of the 140 gram snack mix. Then in 2026 then we'll likely get a snacks to go of the snacks mix.

Speaker C: Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: I met Susie two weeks ago. We went to a sampling event here in Toronto. Yeah. And she was talking about all these studies that marketing research and all, all the stuff that is going on. If you could share some of those insights with me, that will also be nice. I'd say.

Speaker B: Yeah, I wonder if. Because we just got some consumer insights. Okay. Yeah, I wonder if I should just share with you the concept report because the insights especially that are highly value or for you are some of the like. So we went out concept testing a bunch of different concepts. So for purchase intent and all of that. But there's a few slides in there about what they care about. Homegrown by Canadian farmers. High protein, nothing artificial. These are all words. So. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, leave that with me and I'll send over to you what I have. Okay. So that's our first concept testing and we'll be doing another one as we refine the packaging. So yeah, as we get more we can share with you. Okay, sure.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay, great. So these meetings always take much longer. I'm wondering if we need to just make them longer because I don't know if there's a way around it because it takes 30 minutes for just inventory review. Right. We meet every two weeks. So I wonder, Bernie, I wonder if we should just at least add on 50min 15min to these meetings so that when we.

Speaker D: And hopefully too once all that stuff gets cleaned up, it won't be consistent.

Speaker B: Yeah. The other thing we could do is kind of like the inventory is part of the bi weekly. We could have just ourselves a weekly touch point if that helps where we have another meeting. Right. Without inventory. But just make them longer for now and okay, so I know. So a few updates that you wanted to show home. You wanted update on the snacks to go video. So Brittany is working with our designer on briefing that in and giving her a shot. So hopefully, I don't know, Brittany, hopefully we have something in the next two weeks on that.

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, sorry, I didn't prioritize that because we had said let's wait for the rebrand. And then the second part of the conversation was let's see if we're capable of doing it in house. Right. So yeah, I'm on it though. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. And what else was on your. Oh, so the broken transaction show home. So I talked to our controller and so she agrees there might be something like she thinks that sometimes transactions where the money actually transacts could like take as long as a week depending on where. So she was asking, she said, you know, in order to validate this assumption because it's very realistic that this could be why our transaction reports are different from your business reports. She said, is there a way that you could take a month like March, from the 1st of March? Are you able to export the business report out and it would actually show the invoice numbers to every order?

Speaker C: Yeah. So it's not the business report. It's called the order report. And that's exactly what I wanted to talk to you. Yeah. I was also looking into these two reports recently for another brand, and it may even take long. Take longer than one week, sometimes two to three weeks. So I was very surprised to see that. Yeah. So what I would do is I'll download the order report first for the month that we are trying to look at, and then I would also download the transaction report, but over a longer period. So let's say we are trying to look at March's data. I'll probably download the transaction report starting from March. March 1st to April 15th. So I'll. I'll just do this and then map out all this data that whatever we need to take from the transaction report with the order report. That's how I would do my calculations.

Speaker B: Okay. So are you able to show home. So you're. So, so you're going to change how you calculate? You mean you're going to go six weeks basically, is what you're. Is what you mean, Versus.

Speaker C: No. No. Okay, give me one second. I may need to. I may not be able to share the entire Excel report because what, because

Speaker B: what we could decide. For me, it's fine if I'm seeing orders versus transactions, as long as I'm seeing the Met, as long as I'm seeing consistent. Like, I don't want a. One day you're. You're reporting on orders and then all of a sudden you change the transactions and then you change. I don't want to change. I want to just make sure we're consistent. And so I don't mind that you're reporting on orders in the month, but if you could give your downloaded order report. Could you give your downloaded order report to us? And Natasha said she wanted to do it as well. She wanted to reconcile, she wanted to look at the invoice numbers because she wants to validate that that's what's happening. So that she has her reasons internally.

Speaker C: Yeah, that's what is happening. Yeah. But of course she can verify that.

Speaker B: Okay, could you send us. Yeah, if you just send us the email or the reports that you looked and did that I'll share with her too, so that she can validate. Because you're saying you're just exporting the order report. She's exporting the transaction report. Now you've done both and you've cross referenced and you've identified that the transactions are taking up to weeks sometimes.

Speaker C: Yes. Let me actually share something. Give me one second. I'm just trying to hide some data and then I'm going to share my screen.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Hopefully that's enough. All right.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker C: All right, so let me share my screen. Can you see my screen now?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay, so this is the, this is the order report. Not exactly. This is the order report here, but this is the comprehensive order report. So that pulls in data from other reports and then shows together. And this is a transactions report. So what I'm suggesting is this transaction report will be downloading over a longer period. Right. So in this case, this is. I'm sorry, this is. This shows the data I don't want to show. But anyway, so this is over a longer. We're going to. Here. In this example, you download from February 15th for some reason to March, April 15th. It's almost two months of data here. Now what I'm doing is I am using Vlookup or anything similar to. We don't. We are not interested in the transactions report. I'm interested in getting the data for the actual order. All the orders that you got in the March of. Month of March.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker C: And so whatever data I need to pull from the transaction report report, I'm trying to map. So I'm using Vlookup and then getting the data for these order IDs from the transaction report. For example, I'm trying to get the Amazon referral fee and Amazon shipping and handling fee, all of those data. And then I'm making one comprehensive order report here that we can then use to do whatever calculation we want to do.

Speaker B: Okay, so you're. So you're consolidating the reports and then you'll be able to pull out and say within two months time. You're basically reconciling that all transactions of what you said were ordered happened within. From. Happened within two weeks before the month and two weeks after the month. So you're validating that. Basically you're validating that there's a gap in the transaction report as big as two weeks is basically what you're doing with this exercise.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, exactly.

Speaker B: Okay, so did you want to complete that exercise, show home, and then just send it to us, or like you're saying you're going to do that every Month moving forward or are you just doing this one time to validate the gap?

Speaker C: Well, I just wanted to show you this is what we can do. If you want me to work on it, then I'll do that. Do you want me to.

Speaker B: I think. You know what? Well, it would be more a question for my controller if it helps her anyway, because, yeah, I don't want to create, I don't want to create more work if really just understanding the gap and why it's there is enough. Right. Like, because your order report and your, your forecast, it's all accurate. It is what is actually being ordered because you did sell it, whether it transacted or not, it was sold in that month and it. And the inventory went out that month. So the numbers that you're reporting on in your dashboard matter the most. The transaction actually could throw that off significantly because now I've missed two weeks of inventory that actually sells because the transactions were so delayed. So I'd rather work for, from your numbers for forecasting than from the transaction. Okay, so just send me, send me the exported order report for sure if you can, and your transaction report, the two reports that you were doing. And let me talk to Natasha H. And my only question to her is, you know, going, doing this exercise every month, which takes time, is that actually helpful? Or. The other thing is she changes her. What she's pulling. She changes the time frame of the transaction report somehow, like she, she might change her process a little bit to match better to the order. So that's the conversation I want to have with her. Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, so just send that over and I'll have the conversation with her definitely.

Speaker C: Let me show you one more thing here which you may find interesting. One second.

Speaker B: But yeah, thank you for validating that because I was worried at first, but then I thought it's like, oh, God, whose numbers do I believe?

Speaker C: Give me one minute. All right. I'm just trying to do something here.

Speaker A: Okay,

Speaker C: so. Okay, I'm now ready.

Speaker B: That's okay.

Speaker C: All right, So I had to. Okay. This is the dashboard, basically. This is also another dashboard. And what I'm trying to show here is it's a breakdown of revenue and then all the expenses. Even if you, let's say, have some third party expenses that can be mapped with the product codes ASIN or sku, then we can create this kind of report for our case. It's easy, we just have Amazon fba and it will also give you product level breakdown of all the revenue versus all the expenses. And then Contribution margin.

Speaker B: Yes. Okay, so where are you pulling these numbers from? So you're exporting all of these numbers from Amazon into one dashboard versus having to pull a gazillion different reports.

Speaker C: Yes. So this considers many different reports. So for example, order report and then transaction report, sponsored product report, all different ad type reports, sponsored brand, sponsored display. Even if we do dsp, for example, in this one we have warehouse charges, carrier charges in case we do fulfill by merchant storage charges, FBS fulfill, third party storage charges, plus Amazon fulfillment charges. Everything's consolidated. And this is the dashboard that shows you the breakdown.

Speaker B: And is this. So this is work in progress or are you currently doing this for other brands?

Speaker C: Yeah, I'm doing it for other brands.

Speaker B: Oh wow. Okay. That's really good. Because our CFO is like, she does similar exercise and dashboard for all of our retail items. We haven't gone as granular yet on Amazon, so if there's help that can help get there quicker, I think she might be really interested in that. So again, in that same email, Soham, are you able to just send me. I like, I know you have to block out the data, but even just that snapshot that you showed me that shows the columns of what you're measuring for other companies, I think we would be interested. I just want to make sure that it's not redundant to something that she's already doing because again, I don't want two people doing the same work.

Speaker C: Sure, yeah.

Speaker B: I want to make sure that it's helpful. So yeah, if you could send that too, then I'll chat with her and who knows, maybe they'll want to have a call with you and just talk about all the types of dashboards and reports we can get from the finance perspectives. Perspective. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Okay, that's great. Well done. That's very good business. Best business practices for sure. In terms of reporting and it reveals

Speaker C: a lot of insights. I mean even at the product level you can see what expenses are really draining your margin and what can you do about that?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, right. It gives you a whole story like on your. The health of the business and like again, like, yeah, every time they bring it, like even a lot of these asins that were like discontinuing, it's not because the reason we're discontinuing them is because they're low sellers or they are not. Their margins are crap. Right. Like effort for impact, basically. Right. So yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay, great. And I have an actual training here in 15 minutes, so I just want to. Because I know we want to go over the. Well, first you wanted to talk about ad purchases, performance and recommendations and then the Camelin all copy. I don't think we can get through both. So I need you to pick one and then if we want, we could. You know what? If you wanted to just. Or we can set up a call next week, just the three of us and do those two things on the Tuesday or Wednesday next week. I'm off on Monday, but. Or you're off all week, aren't you, Brittany?

Speaker D: I am off all week. Yeah, but.

Speaker B: Okay, the copy, I want you to

Speaker D: go through the copy anyways because it's a lot of. I'm just curious what you think about all that dog like verbiage and then also some of the reviews and stuff.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: Now that I disagree with it all. Everything in there was true, but it's just. It's just a new take on what we've done.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because. And for that copy, show home. Because you do the audit like you're showing brands and how they're displaying themselves. And then it's at the bottom, your recommendation of how we write. Right, okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Because I saw, because, Brittany, like I saw like all the bullets. There was only one bullet about pet health. The rest was food focused.

Speaker D: And the images, quite a decent section.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker D: Because there was also then like reviews of like I give this to. There was like canines and there was horses.

Speaker C: Yeah. But those reviews, you cannot see those. Right. Those are just our. For the sake of our understanding what people are.

Speaker D: Starts to know how deep we're going on.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah, of course. Please give me your feedback. But the way I try to write it is, yes, it's a product for human, for us. But then if you want, you can give the same quality to your pets. That's how I wanted to write it.

Speaker B: Yeah. And I think especially for the 5 liter, that will be a bit of a driver in terms of just getting more eyes on it for sure. So. Yeah. So okay, so why don't show home, you and me. I'll follow up with you maybe with some available times on Tuesday or Wednesday next week. And we will specifically talk about ad and the Camelina oil, which with the ad performance we can. I just want to reevaluate your. Just reconfirm where we at in terms of allocation of the budget. Yeah, okay.

Speaker D: And then show home. Do you have suggestions for what? Like that tag you said got the new image got rejected. Correct. Yeah. So I know it's like racking our. It's just frustrating because everything that we've tried has been a derivative of other brands. Right. So, yeah. I'm not sure what else you would like.

Speaker C: Well, actually, I don't have any new ideas that I can share in this meeting right now.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker C: well, I think we should definitely try something else.

Speaker D: I'll do some research, too. I mean, but, I mean, there's only really two places to put it, which is what we both tried. So I'll keep digging and seeing. Yeah, sure.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Are you pretty flexible next Tuesday, the 22nd and 23rd show home? If I just send a time and then do you just let me know if that works or doesn't. Like, we could do. We could do one year Eastern time. Right. We could do 1:00pm Eastern. We could do 12 or 1:00pm Eastern on Tuesday.

Speaker C: Let's do 12 because I have a meeting at.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: So, yeah, 12 would be nice.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay, great. All right, well, we'll talk to you more next week. So. Yeah, send over those reports. I love looking at this. Okay.

Speaker D: Yeah, you can tell the phase we're in. Hey.

Speaker B: Of the business.

Speaker D: Like we're.

Speaker B: Yeah. I'm just understanding again this numbers are highly. As long as they're right. They are extremely powerful in terms of just health of the business and each asin. And it just helps you make really good decisions. So. Yeah. Okay. All right. We'll chat with you more next week. Have a great long weekend.

Speaker C: Yeah, you as well. Bye now. Yeah. Happy Easter.

Speaker B: Happy Easter.

