Transcript for: Recording__535.mp4
Title: Recording #535
============================================================

Hi, can you hear me? Hi, can you hear me? I don't know what's happening. Sorry. Let me check my audio first. Mine is fine, you know, but I cannot hear you. Could you please check if the mic is alright? Yes, it is. Yeah, I think now I can hear you. Yes, yes. Okay. Awesome. Okay. All right. So how are you doing today? I'm doing good, how are you? I'm doing well. Thanks for joining the call today. Well, I was. I took a look at your resume. It looked like your experience is directly related to Amazon and also it looks like you have been working in the same company for. For almost three years now. Yes. Yeah. So do you mind? I see that you have mentioned that you had to manage teams and also you had to probably do some work. So I wanted to know a little bit about how your work profile looks like on a day to day basis. Okay. Okay. So first of all I have completed my engineering and bachelor's like computer science. And I started my career with the startup organization which was wise and Glance India Private Limited where I had been like the project was Amazon. They were third party for ATS so they had a 80s project from Amazon. So we were onboarding new sellers. So I started with the onboarding new sellers itself. Then like as my performance increased and the manager was happy he had made me as a team, team lead. So I used to get give trainings for the new joiners and like existing client like all the team members I used to give them training as well. So weekly training, monthly training because the Amazon is keep on updating their like inventory and all the stuff. So I used to get updated myself then teach them as well so that it will be efficient and they can work easily. So I have knowledge, full fledged knowledge on Amazon like till date, up to date. Right, I see that. Well so when you joined the company initially you didn't have any experience with Amazon. Right. But then yes with time you learned about. So how did you learn when you joined, how did you start learning about it? So as a ATA support there like Amazon had given us training, basic training have is given by Amazon itself. Okay. So to do listing webinars were conducted. So we were joining the webinars and learning about fba. We had a webinar like we have one to one and we have a account manager for Amazon as well. Okay. So whenever we used to get any problem related to Amazon which was not solved like maybe pickup issue. So still we escalate through account manager itself. Okay. But the problems escalation is done through account Manager Rest. All the things will be done from our end from the account creation to launching then two months support we used to give to the seller like on GMS based. Amazon used to pay our company. I see. What is, what is the full form of ATS by the way? Sorry. Yeah, ats. What is the full form of that? We are the partners. So Amazon has kept that one as Amazon Transport Services. So that we are the partners. Oh, Amazon Transport Services. Yes, yes, got it. So it means like you guys help with delivery and logistics, all those stuff for new sellers. No, no, no. Okay. No, no. We were help. We were onboarding sellers. Okay. I was just wondering if it is called ats. I mean Amazon Transport Partner. It may be something related to that. But yeah, it looks like it's something different. So you had to. I see that you have mentioned all the things that you had to do literally from SEO to providing support and all. Did you by the way also had to help them with advertising? Yes, yes. See as onboarding a new seller from the date of launch to up to two months. We. We have to help the seller to get sales. So what GMS they are getting. So on that base Amazon used to pay us. So if the seller is not performing then we won't get paid. So there was a slabs. Yeah, we used to help them with the ads advertisement. We used to convince them so 2000 free budget will be available already for new sellers. After which also we used to convince them to like give additional amount for like advertisement. So seeing Our advertisement Within 2000 budget, what they're getting like sales on that basis. They used to show interest and they used to increase the budgets. Got it. Okay. And which marketplaces are they in? I mean are. Were they in India or they in the North American market? So like our company was handling only for India.in got it. Okay.com was not added. Yeah, I. I understand. All right. So you said that you have handled so many clients during sellers for. During these many years. What did you say? I mean what are we proud of that. Yeah, I could do. Maybe you can talk about the situation where you could really do something great for the seller. Yes sir. There are many happy clients. I could say that because many sellers had tried themselves creating accounts and tried to boost their sales by different strategies and somewhere even gone for the third parties who were handling account management services. They were providing account management services after which they have been got lost and they were not satisfied with the service. When they come to wise and dance. We were the team who helped them by closing Their accounts existing account creating new because Amazon won't pay us for the existing account. So we had a link through which we have to create account. Then only it will be counted under us. I see. So. So we used to create a new account list them list the product listing will be done according to the like Amazon rules and regulation. So many sellers didn't know the knowledge that they could list according to brands without having trademark. Also so by GTN this and all were there. So they were surprising by seeing like how we have helped them. So many satisfactory sellers were there who wrote us like give us given us feedbacks. So even Amazon like we were pushing max maximum sellers for fba. So there are too many benefits for fba, right? Yeah. So because of which Amazon has like we are standing on top two for Amazon champions. What do you mean by that? Like as a service partner. Okay. Yeah, as a service partners. So there are many third party services like providers like us. Many like might be in Delhi there are two companies and in Karnataka there are two companies. So we are the one who are standing in top two. Top one is. It's in Gujarat. I see. By the way, where are you from in India? Bangalore. Bangalore. Okay. Okay. Well so what I would love to follow up about, follow up on is with all this work, what is the amount of sales that you could achieve that you really feel proud about for one of your sellers? See there was a target of within three months. So depending on the product and depending on the customers, investment in advertisement and interest in changing images and doing a plus content and everything. So I cannot say 100% sellers have been achieved it. But few of the sellers who have achieved well like they're taking our feedback, they're connecting to us. So we have been sales like within three months 10 lakhs also have been reached for around five to seven sellers. I can say within six months from zero to 10 lakh. Yes. Yes. Oh wow. That's. That's really great. Yes. I can say that it depends on product as well. Yeah, yeah. Okay. That's quite. That's good to know. Um, now I mean you see, I mean I would like to ask. So before you joined the call, did you get a chance to look into what we do and what do you think about that if you got a chance? No, no, I didn't have a time to look at because as I'm fasting and it's Ramzan I had to go for office and come back for collecting some documents I couldn't see. That's very nice. Yeah. Okay, so let me tell you a little bit. We are an agency, so we work with mostly CPG brands, consumer product brands. That means, you know, anything consumable that needs repeat purchase. So health supplements, food, cosmetic items, it's mostly on Amazon but then our vision is to provide them retail media services. So that means advertising and marketing services to these kind of brands on all E commerce platforms. But for now we are totally focused on Amazon. We do want to expand to Walmart already. We already handle some of the responsibilities for platforms like Costco for one or two of our clients. And also Instacart. Probably you haven't heard of Instacart because that's only limited to US and Canada. So now this is what I do. And what we really needed is at this point to find somebody who could, who is capable of understanding the current situation of the client, let's say a client. We are onboarding a new client. So he or she should be able to understand the current situation of the client and the objectives that the client has. Based on these two information, we should be able to come up with an action plan. Basically we need to be able to strategize what should be our action steps and then I mean in chronological order of course, and then actually be able to deliver on that. So it's not just like, okay, so go ahead and do the keyword research for this product. But then the person should be able to strategize and come up with the action steps and also be able to work on those things. Yeah, so that's a little bit about the role. I do want to ask you. You currently are employed, but you looks like you are looking for a new opportunity. What is the reason for that? Okay, so as I mentioned it was a startup company. I have even my three years, three and a half years, around four years. But there is no growth. The project is only Amazon and they're not investing for other projects. So as when the salaries also matters, when I have commitments. So that is the reason I'm looking for a new organization where I can like get my growth, gain some more knowledge. So. Right, well if you talk about that, we are also totally focused up on, mostly focused on Amazon, although that may change in the future and that's what something you'd love to do. But I mean it's still focused on Amazon so doesn't look like it's going to give you that opportunity to do something beyond Amazon even if you work with us. So it's like we are the third party client who are onboarding new sellers and everything is the same process. So I want to learn new things as well. And if I'm getting a opportunity to get growth. So here I have got the opportunity to get growth as a team leader, after which I don't see any growth itself. Okay, so I can see if I'm finding in your organization if I have any opportunity to get growth. So that would be a plus point for me. Bonus points. So if you, if you talk about growth, I understand it could be in terms of role that you are playing in the company and also maybe in terms of compensation of your salary. Now we are also very small, perhaps even smaller than the organization that you worked in. How many employees are. They were there in the company? Sorry, like how many employees in your comp. In the company where you work? In my company, around 25 people. Exactly right. So that's. But I feel that their rules are quite similar. You don't find many growth opportunities. We are very small compared to that where we are just three people at this point. So you'll be the part of the core, core team if you had to join, if you were to join our company. So in terms of, you know, the role, you may also feel that, well, I'm not growing. But then you may have some opportunities to learn different things. A different mark in a different marketplace and probably for bigger brands. I mean not too big, but compared to what you handle because you used to deal mostly with starters. Here you will be dealing with a different. I mean they're not beginners. So that is where it's probably a bit different. But still, I want to be very clear with you because you mentioned that these are the things you are looking for in terms of the title. Maybe you will not see that. Okay, so from team lead to manager and then from manager to director, you will probably not see those kind of growth in a company where we are just three people. But we do want to grow. So we'll probably add more team member in the future. But anyway, I hope you understand what I'm trying to talk about here. Yes, yes, I understand. I totally understand. Yeah. So what are, what are your thoughts about that? So as you mentioned, I may get the opportunity to learn new things here because the company where I'm like working since three years, so there I have to learn myself and teach to others. I didn't get an opportunity to learn from others. So I even. I like to learn different things. Even if I'm looking for a new job now. So I don't have other things. I have to mention only about Amazon. So if I'm having the additional point, so my career would be like getting a job would be easier. I would feel like, okay, I know this Amazon, leaving Amazon. Okay, so I know any additional things like content writing and this thing. So that would be beneficial for me. Got it, got it. Okay, so you know what, a little bit about why we are making this hard. There is a reason we want to do this. So at this point I told you that we have some clients, but then we need to grow from where we are and we kind of engaged in fulfilling those clients. So if a company needs to grow, someone needs to work on growth of that company. That means bringing in more clients. How can you do that? Being more known in the market. Right? All those stuff. And that is why we are lacking at this point because we are so busy in fulfilling our current, the responsibilities of our current clients. So now the reason we want to bring another member right now is that she should be able to take on these responsibilities of clients responsibility. I mean clients fulfillment work. I mean a client works, she should be able to do that so that we get some time to spend on growing the company. So that's why we want to focus. That's the reason we're making this hire. So that means that if you, if you were to join the company, you have to be able to, you know, work with, kind of take things off our plates and then run with it and make it work so that we get that time. That's the purpose. Well, so I mean, I wanted to talk about all these things so that everything's clear. I like to have clear communication. And you know what, that's also another motto that I feel that if you're working, of course professional growth, career growth is one point, you should get paid well, that's another thing. But then at the same time, experience matters. So for our case, we do want to provide great experience to our clients. Want to go above and beyond, not just in terms of result, but also building the relationship with them as a person. And also whoever is working with us internally, they should feel like they're being taken care of. So it's overall providing this good experience. That is one motto, the transparency, helping each other grow. So that's, that's the kind of the motto that we, we run on. So now with all these discussions, I want to talk about a few critical things. First of all about the timing. We are in Canada, so there, I wouldn't say that you need to work all the US hours or Canadian hours. So basically The EST zone. But there needs to be a significant overlap. So that means you have to work unusual hours. For example, if I say that there has to be an overlap at least between 9am and 1pm EST, that will mean 6:30pm to 10:30pm at your place. So will you be okay with those kind of hours? I mean, this is just four hours. And then of course you can split the other four and, and I would say you can, you can. There will be some flexibility on your end that. Okay, I'm going to work this for these many hours for that. I mean, this is how I'll cover the other four hours. But will you be okay with working these hours, which is kind of unusual for ist. Yes, but I have a question here. Is it for daily base or sometimes I would say it's going to be on a daily basis because. Yes, because you see, we need to communicate on things for our client work. Right. So if there is no overlap at all, then it will be difficult for us to work together and that's what we want to do, isn't it? So, I mean, you can be transparent about that. Do you feel that it's something that is going to be difficult for you? What do you think? What are your thoughts? So this working hours is fine for me, but 6 to 10:30 is little bit difficult because 8 is fine, but 10:30 and that would be little bit difficult for me. Right, I understand that. So how do you think that we can, you know, have some overlap between our work hours? Because our work hours are. I mean, I work all the time. But then we also have to find an overlap during the regular office hours. Right. Which is 9 to 5:30 in the EST time zone. So which will mean. Actually 9:39am will mean 6:30. Yes, I mentioned that. And then 5:30 is 3:00am that's definitely not possible. That's like, almost like a torture. But then there should be an overlap for at least one half is what I feel. Okay, so you think that's going to be difficult for you, right? Yep, kind of difficult. Got it. Well, well, thanks for being transparent about that. Was. Okay, I'll take a note of that. Now another thing that I wanted to ask you about is the expectation, salary expectation. You did mention that you want to grow in even in terms of that. Of course, every human being would want to get paid better with time as they grow in their career and then they learn more things. So what are your expectations? So you could have seen my resume. I have mentioned it clearly. My expectations is quite simple. It's not much like incremental about it. So like if you're asking about salary expectation, so now it is 4.8 FBA. So I am okay with 5. I see. Okay, well, good to know. Thank you for letting me know about that. We were initially expecting to offer for a lag, but I understand that it may, I mean people depending on their experience may expect more. We're definitely open to that discussion. So five Black. I'll take a note note of that too. These two along with another thing that I wanted to clarify is when will if you work with us, since we're a Canadian company, we don't have an establishment in India. What happens is in order to hire someone for tax purposes from, from India as an employee, they need to have an establishment in India. Since we don't, we won't be able to call like for tax purposes. You will not be an employee by the way, you'll be a contractor. So, so in case we had to go ahead, will you be. Also I wanted to ask you, will you be okay with that? Yes, I'm okay with it. Okay, awesome. So that is all that I wanted to ask you. I also wanted to give you some background and information about why we are hiring, about the role. We covered all those stuff. Now if you want to ask me some questions, you're welcome to do so. No, no, nothing else. You had been explained very goodly. Like I had understood everything, the roles and responsibility and about your organization and what. And all the terms are there. Yeah. So, yep, that's it. Awesome. All right, thank you so much for, for joining the call and just nice talking to you. What we'll do is as the next step if we, I, I But there is, this is another critical one. So let me take two minutes to explain this. Okay. So what we're going to do is next step is an assessment where we'll give a real life situation. Let's say a client has to be onboarded. And what we'll do is we'll give you describe the situation of the client and what they want to achieve. So based on that, we'll ask you to prepare the action plan in chronological order that okay, so this is what we want to achieve. So this, these are the things we need to do in details, please. So if you're sincere about this rule, I would say please take some time because it is a really important step. Whoever we are talking to and if we're feeling like, okay, this person could be the person who we can end up working with, we are sending this assessment. So, yeah, if you're sincere about this position, then I would request you to take some time, give some detailed answer to the assessment, and then we'll review it. And that could be the last step. Maybe we'll have another meeting if we do decide that. Yeah, there's. Yeah. So that's going to be the next one also. One. Okay, Sounds good. Yeah. Awesome. Awesome. Taj. So nice talking to you. Have a wonderful evening. We'll, we'll, we'll keep in touch in the chat regarding that. Okay, bye now. Bye. Thank you.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Hi, can you hear me? Hi, can you hear me? I don't know what's happening. Sorry. Let me check my audio first. Mine is fine, you know, but I cannot hear you. Could you please check if the mic is alright?

Speaker B: Yes, it is.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think now I can hear you. Yes, yes.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Awesome.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: All right. So how are you doing today?

Speaker B: I'm doing good, how are you?

Speaker A: I'm doing well. Thanks for joining the call today. Well, I was. I took a look at your resume. It looked like your experience is directly related to Amazon and also it looks like you have been working in the same company for. For almost three years now.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. So do you mind? I see that you have mentioned that you had to manage teams and also you had to probably do some work. So I wanted to know a little bit about how your work profile looks like on a day to day basis.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. So first of all I have completed my engineering and bachelor's like computer science. And I started my career with the startup organization which was wise and Glance India Private Limited where I had been like the project was Amazon. They were third party for ATS so they had a 80s project from Amazon. So we were onboarding new sellers. So I started with the onboarding new sellers itself. Then like as my performance increased and the manager was happy he had made me as a team, team lead. So I used to get give trainings for the new joiners and like existing client like all the team members I used to give them training as well. So weekly training, monthly training because the Amazon is keep on updating their like inventory and all the stuff. So I used to get updated myself then teach them as well so that it will be efficient and they can work easily. So I have knowledge, full fledged knowledge on Amazon like till date, up to date.

Speaker A: Right, I see that. Well so when you joined the company initially you didn't have any experience with Amazon. Right. But then yes with time you learned about. So how did you learn when you joined, how did you start learning about it?

Speaker B: So as a ATA support there like Amazon had given us training, basic training have is given by Amazon itself.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So to do listing webinars were conducted. So we were joining the webinars and learning about fba. We had a webinar like we have one to one and we have a account manager for Amazon as well.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So whenever we used to get any problem related to Amazon which was not solved like maybe pickup issue. So still we escalate through account manager itself.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: But the problems escalation is done through account Manager Rest. All the things will be done from our end from the account creation to launching then two months support we used to give to the seller like on GMS based. Amazon used to pay our company.

Speaker A: I see. What is, what is the full form of ATS by the way?

Speaker B: Sorry.

Speaker A: Yeah, ats. What is the full form of that?

Speaker B: We are the partners. So Amazon has kept that one as Amazon Transport Services. So that we are the partners.

Speaker A: Oh, Amazon Transport Services.

Speaker B: Yes, yes, got it.

Speaker A: So it means like you guys help with delivery and logistics, all those stuff for new sellers.

Speaker B: No, no, no.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: No, no. We were help. We were onboarding sellers.

Speaker A: Okay. I was just wondering if it is called ats. I mean Amazon Transport Partner. It may be something related to that. But yeah, it looks like it's something different. So you had to. I see that you have mentioned all the things that you had to do literally from SEO to providing support and all. Did you by the way also had to help them with advertising?

Speaker B: Yes, yes. See as onboarding a new seller from the date of launch to up to two months. We. We have to help the seller to get sales. So what GMS they are getting. So on that base Amazon used to pay us. So if the seller is not performing then we won't get paid. So there was a slabs. Yeah, we used to help them with the ads advertisement. We used to convince them so 2000 free budget will be available already for new sellers. After which also we used to convince them to like give additional amount for like advertisement. So seeing Our advertisement Within 2000 budget, what they're getting like sales on that basis. They used to show interest and they used to increase the budgets.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay. And which marketplaces are they in? I mean are. Were they in India or they in the North American market?

Speaker B: So like our company was handling only for India.in got it. Okay.com was not added.

Speaker A: Yeah, I. I understand. All right. So you said that you have handled so many clients during sellers for. During these many years. What did you say? I mean what are we proud of that. Yeah, I could do. Maybe you can talk about the situation where you could really do something great for the seller.

Speaker B: Yes sir. There are many happy clients. I could say that because many sellers had tried themselves creating accounts and tried to boost their sales by different strategies and somewhere even gone for the third parties who were handling account management services. They were providing account management services after which they have been got lost and they were not satisfied with the service. When they come to wise and dance. We were the team who helped them by closing Their accounts existing account creating new because Amazon won't pay us for the existing account. So we had a link through which we have to create account. Then only it will be counted under us.

Speaker A: I see.

Speaker B: So. So we used to create a new account list them list the product listing will be done according to the like Amazon rules and regulation. So many sellers didn't know the knowledge that they could list according to brands without having trademark. Also so by GTN this and all were there. So they were surprising by seeing like how we have helped them. So many satisfactory sellers were there who wrote us like give us given us feedbacks. So even Amazon like we were pushing max maximum sellers for fba. So there are too many benefits for fba, right? Yeah. So because of which Amazon has like we are standing on top two for Amazon champions.

Speaker A: What do you mean by that? Like as a service partner. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, as a service partners. So there are many third party services like providers like us. Many like might be in Delhi there are two companies and in Karnataka there are two companies. So we are the one who are standing in top two. Top one is. It's in Gujarat.

Speaker A: I see. By the way, where are you from in India?

Speaker B: Bangalore.

Speaker A: Bangalore. Okay. Okay. Well so what I would love to follow up about, follow up on is with all this work, what is the amount of sales that you could achieve that you really feel proud about for one of your sellers?

Speaker B: See there was a target of within three months. So depending on the product and depending on the customers, investment in advertisement and interest in changing images and doing a plus content and everything. So I cannot say 100% sellers have been achieved it. But few of the sellers who have achieved well like they're taking our feedback, they're connecting to us. So we have been sales like within three months 10 lakhs also have been reached for around five to seven sellers. I can say within six months from

Speaker A: zero to 10 lakh.

Speaker B: Yes. Yes.

Speaker A: Oh wow. That's. That's really great.

Speaker B: Yes. I can say that it depends on product as well.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Okay. That's quite. That's good to know. Um, now I mean you see, I mean I would like to ask. So before you joined the call, did you get a chance to look into what we do and what do you think about that if you got a chance?

Speaker B: No, no, I didn't have a time to look at because as I'm fasting and it's Ramzan I had to go for office and come back for collecting some documents I couldn't see. That's very nice.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, so let me tell you a little bit. We are an agency, so we work with mostly CPG brands, consumer product brands. That means, you know, anything consumable that needs repeat purchase. So health supplements, food, cosmetic items, it's mostly on Amazon but then our vision is to provide them retail media services. So that means advertising and marketing services to these kind of brands on all E commerce platforms. But for now we are totally focused on Amazon. We do want to expand to Walmart already. We already handle some of the responsibilities for platforms like Costco for one or two of our clients. And also Instacart. Probably you haven't heard of Instacart because that's only limited to US and Canada. So now this is what I do. And what we really needed is at this point to find somebody who could, who is capable of understanding the current situation of the client, let's say a client. We are onboarding a new client. So he or she should be able to understand the current situation of the client and the objectives that the client has. Based on these two information, we should be able to come up with an action plan. Basically we need to be able to strategize what should be our action steps and then I mean in chronological order of course, and then actually be able to deliver on that. So it's not just like, okay, so go ahead and do the keyword research for this product. But then the person should be able to strategize and come up with the action steps and also be able to work on those things. Yeah, so that's a little bit about the role. I do want to ask you. You currently are employed, but you looks like you are looking for a new opportunity. What is the reason for that?

Speaker B: Okay, so as I mentioned it was a startup company. I have even my three years, three and a half years, around four years. But there is no growth. The project is only Amazon and they're not investing for other projects. So as when the salaries also matters, when I have commitments. So that is the reason I'm looking for a new organization where I can like get my growth, gain some more knowledge.

Speaker A: So. Right, well if you talk about that, we are also totally focused up on, mostly focused on Amazon, although that may change in the future and that's what something you'd love to do. But I mean it's still focused on Amazon so doesn't look like it's going to give you that opportunity to do something beyond Amazon even if you work with us.

Speaker B: So it's like we are the third party client who are onboarding new sellers and everything is the same process. So I want to learn new things as well. And if I'm getting a opportunity to get growth. So here I have got the opportunity to get growth as a team leader, after which I don't see any growth itself. Okay, so I can see if I'm finding in your organization if I have any opportunity to get growth. So that would be a plus point for me. Bonus points.

Speaker A: So if you, if you talk about growth, I understand it could be in terms of role that you are playing in the company and also maybe in terms of compensation of your salary. Now we are also very small, perhaps even smaller than the organization that you worked in. How many employees are. They were there in the company?

Speaker B: Sorry, like how many employees in your comp.

Speaker A: In the company where you work?

Speaker B: In my company, around 25 people.

Speaker A: Exactly right. So that's. But I feel that their rules are quite similar. You don't find many growth opportunities. We are very small compared to that where we are just three people at this point. So you'll be the part of the core, core team if you had to join, if you were to join our company. So in terms of, you know, the role, you may also feel that, well, I'm not growing. But then you may have some opportunities to learn different things. A different mark in a different marketplace and probably for bigger brands. I mean not too big, but compared to what you handle because you used to deal mostly with starters. Here you will be dealing with a different. I mean they're not beginners. So that is where it's probably a bit different. But still, I want to be very clear with you because you mentioned that these are the things you are looking for in terms of the title. Maybe you will not see that. Okay, so from team lead to manager and then from manager to director, you will probably not see those kind of growth in a company where we are just three people. But we do want to grow. So we'll probably add more team member in the future. But anyway, I hope you understand what I'm trying to talk about here.

Speaker B: Yes, yes, I understand. I totally understand.

Speaker A: Yeah. So what are, what are your thoughts about that?

Speaker B: So as you mentioned, I may get the opportunity to learn new things here because the company where I'm like working since three years, so there I have to learn myself and teach to others. I didn't get an opportunity to learn from others. So I even. I like to learn different things. Even if I'm looking for a new job now. So I don't have other things. I have to mention only about Amazon. So if I'm having the additional point, so my career would be like getting a job would be easier. I would feel like, okay, I know this Amazon, leaving Amazon. Okay, so I know any additional things like content writing and this thing. So that would be beneficial for me.

Speaker A: Got it, got it. Okay, so you know what, a little bit about why we are making this hard. There is a reason we want to do this. So at this point I told you that we have some clients, but then we need to grow from where we are and we kind of engaged in fulfilling those clients. So if a company needs to grow, someone needs to work on growth of that company. That means bringing in more clients. How can you do that? Being more known in the market. Right? All those stuff. And that is why we are lacking at this point because we are so busy in fulfilling our current, the responsibilities of our current clients. So now the reason we want to bring another member right now is that she should be able to take on these responsibilities of clients responsibility. I mean clients fulfillment work. I mean a client works, she should be able to do that so that we get some time to spend on growing the company. So that's why we want to focus. That's the reason we're making this hire. So that means that if you, if you were to join the company, you have to be able to, you know, work with, kind of take things off our plates and then run with it and make it work so that we get that time. That's the purpose. Well, so I mean, I wanted to talk about all these things so that everything's clear. I like to have clear communication. And you know what, that's also another motto that I feel that if you're working, of course professional growth, career growth is one point, you should get paid well, that's another thing. But then at the same time, experience matters. So for our case, we do want to provide great experience to our clients. Want to go above and beyond, not just in terms of result, but also building the relationship with them as a person. And also whoever is working with us internally, they should feel like they're being taken care of. So it's overall providing this good experience. That is one motto, the transparency, helping each other grow. So that's, that's the kind of the motto that we, we run on. So now with all these discussions, I want to talk about a few critical things. First of all about the timing. We are in Canada, so there, I wouldn't say that you need to work all the US hours or Canadian hours. So basically The EST zone. But there needs to be a significant overlap. So that means you have to work unusual hours. For example, if I say that there has to be an overlap at least between 9am and 1pm EST, that will mean 6:30pm to 10:30pm at your place. So will you be okay with those kind of hours? I mean, this is just four hours. And then of course you can split the other four and, and I would say you can, you can. There will be some flexibility on your end that. Okay, I'm going to work this for these many hours for that. I mean, this is how I'll cover the other four hours. But will you be okay with working these hours, which is kind of unusual for ist.

Speaker B: Yes, but I have a question here. Is it for daily base or sometimes

Speaker A: I would say it's going to be on a daily basis because. Yes, because you see, we need to communicate on things for our client work. Right. So if there is no overlap at all, then it will be difficult for us to work together and that's what we want to do, isn't it? So, I mean, you can be transparent about that. Do you feel that it's something that is going to be difficult for you? What do you think? What are your thoughts?

Speaker B: So this working hours is fine for me, but 6 to 10:30 is little bit difficult because 8 is fine, but 10:30 and that would be little bit difficult for me.

Speaker A: Right, I understand that. So how do you think that we can, you know, have some overlap between our work hours? Because our work hours are. I mean, I work all the time. But then we also have to find an overlap during the regular office hours. Right. Which is 9 to 5:30 in the EST time zone. So which will mean. Actually 9:39am will mean 6:30. Yes, I mentioned that. And then 5:30 is 3:00am that's definitely not possible. That's like, almost like a torture. But then there should be an overlap for at least one half is what I feel. Okay, so you think that's going to be difficult for you, right?

Speaker B: Yep, kind of difficult.

Speaker A: Got it. Well, well, thanks for being transparent about that. Was. Okay, I'll take a note of that. Now another thing that I wanted to ask you about is the expectation, salary expectation. You did mention that you want to grow in even in terms of that. Of course, every human being would want to get paid better with time as they grow in their career and then they learn more things. So what are your expectations?

Speaker B: So you could have seen my resume. I have mentioned it clearly. My expectations is quite simple. It's not much like incremental about it. So like if you're asking about salary expectation, so now it is 4.8 FBA. So I am okay with 5.

Speaker A: I see. Okay, well, good to know. Thank you for letting me know about that. We were initially expecting to offer for a lag, but I understand that it may, I mean people depending on their experience may expect more. We're definitely open to that discussion. So five Black. I'll take a note note of that too. These two along with another thing that I wanted to clarify is when will if you work with us, since we're a Canadian company, we don't have an establishment in India. What happens is in order to hire someone for tax purposes from, from India as an employee, they need to have an establishment in India. Since we don't, we won't be able to call like for tax purposes. You will not be an employee by the way, you'll be a contractor. So, so in case we had to go ahead, will you be. Also I wanted to ask you, will you be okay with that?

Speaker B: Yes, I'm okay with it.

Speaker A: Okay, awesome. So that is all that I wanted to ask you. I also wanted to give you some background and information about why we are hiring, about the role. We covered all those stuff. Now if you want to ask me some questions, you're welcome to do so.

Speaker B: No, no, nothing else. You had been explained very goodly. Like I had understood everything, the roles and responsibility and about your organization and what. And all the terms are there.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So, yep, that's it.

Speaker A: Awesome. All right, thank you so much for, for joining the call and just nice talking to you. What we'll do is as the next step if we, I, I But there is, this is another critical one. So let me take two minutes to explain this.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So what we're going to do is next step is an assessment where we'll give a real life situation. Let's say a client has to be onboarded. And what we'll do is we'll give you describe the situation of the client and what they want to achieve. So based on that, we'll ask you to prepare the action plan in chronological order that okay, so this is what we want to achieve. So this, these are the things we need to do in details, please. So if you're sincere about this rule, I would say please take some time because it is a really important step. Whoever we are talking to and if we're feeling like, okay, this person could be the person who we can end up working with, we are sending this assessment. So, yeah, if you're sincere about this position, then I would request you to take some time, give some detailed answer to the assessment, and then we'll review it. And that could be the last step. Maybe we'll have another meeting if we do decide that. Yeah, there's. Yeah. So that's going to be the next one also. One.

Speaker B: Okay, Sounds good. Yeah.

Speaker A: Awesome. Awesome. Taj. So nice talking to you. Have a wonderful evening. We'll, we'll, we'll keep in touch in the chat regarding that. Okay, bye now.

Speaker B: Bye. Thank you.

