Transcript for: Recording__900.mp4
Title: Recording #900
============================================================

Thing here. Yep. And I sent you a presentation of the capabilities. Yeah. So let's look at that a little bit. So. So go to. So you have your position. So what we're going to do is so you have a business and you're looking to grow your business. So there's like a method, a step method to help understand your current business, where you are and what are the problems you're solving, what are the problems you have in your business. And in a discipline, kind of methodical way, work through hypotheses of better strategies that would lead to better. Different results. Better results. So there's a process. And whether it's for a CPG brand or a business or a person, like, I'm going to be doing the same for me because I eventually want to move to just consulting. I don't want to be, you know, an entrepreneur or a CMO eventually. I just want to be a content, a brand that sells my expertise. But I haven't. That's not what I've been doing for five years. So I. I'm not as. As there as I want to be, but I'm going there. But it's all the same thing. So the method is always the same. You first start with what is your current brand positioning? And your current brand positioning is a combination of who's your target, what's your insight, the problem you're solving, what's your positioning off your brand, then the reasons to believe that, and then your pricing strategy. So let's. Let me just write. I'm gonna write a few things. I'm still old school. I'm gonna write a few things while we're talking so I can send this back to you after just one second. And by the way, when you talk about brand positioning, I have tried to learn about that before from someone named Marty Marion. I'm not sure if he's that popular that everybody will know, but there's so many. But it's all the same thing. And you learn it like. But in consumer packaged goods, you learn a much more discipline way on brand positioning because if you're not tight with your positioning, you're gonna lose, you know, Crest versus Colgate and Pampers versus Love. So. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So again, there is hundreds of these guys. Right. Like, so I have. I don't know, there's like thousands of these guys on YouTube and now on Tick Tock. But. And I don't know which ones are good. I just watch this Thomas Bilyeu one that I sent you. It's really weird. The video that I wanted to send you, when I forward the video that I'm watching, he. He send. He. It sends a version 2 of the video and it's not good at all. So I want. Yeah. So I'm gonna. I don't know what. I think he's changed. So I have the link of video one that is very good from him and it has his method. His method is a bit too complicated, but it has the same basics that I believe in. So I'm gonna just. I think I'm going to simplify that and do four or five page PowerPoint because a lot of people need it. But the video I sent you wind up. For some reason, I think he doesn't want to give his method for free anymore. So it must be an old link. When I send that link, it sends you to version two. And version two, it's just a selling job. Like, it's just like, oh, you know, pay me and you go to the last page and it. It's basically $5,000 for his master classes. But if you get the version one, which I'll summarize on the weekend, there's actual real good. Like his method makes sense. Like it's the four pillars and then the six steps and blah, blah, blah. So it, it's all the same thing. But let's just do this together. So, okay, so you, you optimize. We help grow. Okay, so that's like, that's your benefit. So your benefit is help grow. So that's. So that's very, you know, straightforward. Now who. Now we have to do. Now we have to do the, the target and the, the insight. So who. Let's back up and then we're going to do why you're so good at helping grow. So just to help grow is not going to be good enough because, you know, you have a thousand agencies that help grow. Exactly. Yeah. What would you say your target is like right now? The audience. In terms of the audience? Yeah. Well, how would you articulate your target? Well, it's any dietary supplement, food or personal care product. I work with them. That's the audience, I would say. So let's, let's define it like. How about we define it like, so what size of the companies? So let's define it. So Canada and us. So let's define it a little bit more detail. So it's Canada versus US, Right? Both Canada. US what size companies based on everything you've experienced. Like you've been in business, what, 10 years? No, I have been in this domain for familiar with Amazon for about six years. Six years, okay, so that's still a long time. So what would you say based on those six years? Canada, U.S. what size companies have you think is your best target? Well Susie, so far I have experience or experience working with some companies like no sugar company of their size. Yep. And also neutralab. They're also manufacturers, established manufacturers. I believe their overall revenue neutral lab probably would be around 40 million around that range. But, but their revenue, that's not the overall revenue from Amazon. That's just the size of the entire business. So you kind of have to define, like we have to define your target and we have to define the problem you're solving. So the target. Let's just kind of. We're going to have to, you know, we have to do your brand positioning first and foremost. So how about we say something like vitamin and supplement brands, you know companies, companies that have brands. Vitamin and supply companies that have brands that want to spend. Want to spend at ad spend on. So are you just Amazon or do you do meta also? No, I don't do meta, just Amazon. Right. That want to spend on Amazon. So you're working with and then what range of spend are you an expert on? Like, like your niche, the ad spend? Well, I have so far I have managed accounts that have spent up to let's say 50,000, 40 to $50,000 a month. And what's the low end? So that's like, like that's the high end per month. That's the high end. Yeah, that's the highest end. And what's the low? Low is too low even let's say $2,000 a month. I don't want to go there at all. Yeah. What's your, so what's your fees? It depends on what who I'm working with. So yeah. Like are you on a percentage or. Well, it's a, it depends. Now sometimes what I do is a hybrid model. So there would be a fixed fee and then I would say a 3% on the growth from where we are. If we go beyond that then I'll tell you 3% on the growth. Okay, and what's your fix? Approximately your retainer. So now because I work with diverse, I mean companies of different sizes, the small ones, that's really, really low. It starts at 650$ and then 3% but if it is something of no Sugar company or neutralab size or Maple Life, all those then it would be depends really. But then for ad management maybe around 1800 2000$. Okay. Should be around that range. So you're around 1800amonth retainer plus 3%. On what? On growth beyond a certain. Right, beyond that, let's say the average. Current average. Okay. And how do you come up with your price? So we're going to just. We have to do the. Your whole brand positioning. But how did you come up with your pricing? Is it kind of an hourly rate or how do you figure that out? Well, I, I used to do hourly before, but now I have better idea of how much it should be. So I just go project based right now. Okay, so let's try to think about it from the consumer perspective. So, um, when you were hourly, how much were you? Just for perspective. So how much in total or like per hour? No, how much. What was your hourly billing rate when you were hourly? I used to calculate it as $45 an hour. 45, okay, so that's pretty low. Yeah, that is very low. Yeah, I know for an agency it's low. Okay, so, Okay, so you're looking so probably smaller. Like you're looking for bigger brands, but you're also perhaps accessible. Like, like we have to define, like who is your I. Your ideal scp? Yeah, your ideal ICP is who? Suzy? I would like to say some brands of no sugar company size would be ICP around that would be minus. And how much were they spending? Because I don't know, like I haven't worked there in a long time. Well, so between, let's say for no sugar, between Amazon and US and Canada. Yeah, it changed a lot over time, but I would say right now around 25,000, let's say a month in Canadian. 25. A month. Yeah. Okay. And then you were able. Okay, so that's a good size brand. Just go to the slim, quick case study for a bit. We just kind of have to. We kind of have to figure out what you're good at, what work, what doesn't work and why. So the brand. I. I worked on it in 2007-2008-2012-2013. Like I worked at a lot of times. So walk me through. Okay, so they hired you. Okay, so go back to the beginning. Sure. They hired you. Yeah, so go. Yeah. So they were how much. What were the sales before they hired you? So they were 191 after. But what were they the sales before they hired you? So the thing is, the case study is written in a way before me taking over. It was really neglected and it happened to be. Yes, they used to sell, but then it happened to be out of Stock, everything out of stock for almost few months. So the way I wrote it is like almost.02 because I got started when it was out of stock and then I got them to this level. Okay, okay, so you. But. And how much were they selling before when they had stock? It was. I don't remember the exact numbers. I can perhaps say that, tell you more about that next day. I'll look at the numbers, but it was nothing close to this. That's what I can say at least. Okay, so you want to kind of figure that out a little bit because your sales deck doesn't say where you started. Right. So what I'm trying to do is kind of do your brand positioning to kind of pull your story together. Go to the next page. Sure. So, okay, go to the next page. I launched that product, by the way. That product that. I launched that into the market. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Okay, so then go. Okay, go here, next page. So that's good. So those were the challenges then. Okay, so wait, wait, wait. You did the list. So you did the listings on Amazon, Created listings on Amazon? No, they weren't there, but they were having some issues with advertisement policies. They got suppressed. So I had to resolve those things. Basically compliance. I'm just trying to clarify. Created listings. That's on Amazon. It will not be uncreated listings, but it would be created listings with policy compliant copies. Yeah, so I changed the. On Amazon. Yes, that's right. Listings were there. I had to do the copy for them. Okay, so on Amazon you created the listings and then you had an ad strategy. Okay, what's the next page? Now I'm talking more about the ad strategy. Yeah, but is that on Amazon, your branded terms? Everything's on Amazon. Yeah. Okay. Do you want me to go to the next one? Yep, yep. Because these are the step. Yep. These are the good standard steps. Next page. Okay, it's just that we don't. We don't. Like you said you started from zero. It's just that we don't know what it was before. Right. And then is that. Look into that. No, it's not there anymore. It's. That is all. So I think what's missing. And if I can get you that video from Tom, the one version, not the two. It's all about, you know, where you are now. You have a where you are now. So we're going to do your brand positioning and I'll prepare and we'll do it at the next meeting. But where you are now. Who do we think is your target? Your Ideal target. Your benefit is you help brands grow. So that's like way too general. Then why? Your reasons to believe, like, we're gonna need to define what you're really good at. And then your pricing, I wasn't really able to kind of figure out. You know, I don't, I don't have like a clear brand positioning for your brand yet. Because you were one of 10,000 agencies/ consultants that say, we'll help you grow on Amazon. Right. If you go on fiber. I don't know if you're on fiber or upworks. Like, there's literally 10,000. So. Yeah, yeah. So you have to differentiate yourself and show why you're better than the other 9,900. And your case study is just very generic. A lot of agencies will actually show, you know, they'll kind of do a little video with the ad words and stuff. We don't even know what, like the. Which time is this? Is this the sales in one month? You sold 191,000 in one month? Yeah, that's the monthly revenue. That's between Canada and usa, by the way. Canada was ignorable, but mostly. And you only spent. What was the spend on it? It was 22,000. Something around that. So what's that? 22. That's 12%. No, 22 divided by. And then that's both Canadian dollars. That's 12%. So is that Canadian? No, that's. Yeah, yeah, that's Canadian dollar. Well, 12% ad spend on Amazon is not high, right? Like, no, it's not, but it happened mostly because of their branded keywords. So what's the ad spend now? Like in November? I can take a look at that. So did they. Did they. So you're not working with them anymore? Yeah, I am now. They are at. In the month of. In the last 30 days. I can say it's close to 8 point something percent. I forgot the exact number, but it was close to that. Okay, so. And I'm sure they're not. You just be careful. Right. I'm not going to say anything, but I. You're probably not allowed to share these results, like, without permission. Right, of course. Yeah. So just be careful. But what you really should try to do is figure out like, again, you're not supposed to share this with me. So, you know, I'm, I'm like, obviously never. Yeah, I wouldn't say anything, but you need to have like a better story as to what you did and why. Because right now it's kind of hard. You know, we're not Able to define your target too close. Yet your benefit is you help your brands grow. The reasons to believe we didn't get to it right. Like I'm good, you know that. Like we don't. Your brand positioning is. I'm gonna drop you the format of the brand positioning right now in where's the chat Charlie? And I'm not able to fill in the blanks too much. So one sec, let me drop you. Brand positioning and then mini business review. So let me drop you that. Give me one second and then maybe before the next meeting so we make the best use of time is you take a stab at filling out these two documents. So brand positioning, let's go here. Oh, wait, how do I one sec. Disclose. Why am I not zoom chat. Okay, okay, so let me get the brand positioning here. So this one and then the mini business review. The mini business review is probably going to be harder for you to fill in because you kind of have like it's a CPG business review and you kind of have to be trained. But try to at least with your business review, with your brand positioning, you know, we didn't do. And we only have like three or four minutes. But we have to articulate your target. And right now what I have is Canadian and US Vitamin supplement brands within companies that have a certain amount of ad spend, you know, like from X,000, maybe from 5,000amonth to 50,000. So that would be kind of your target. And then we could Google, right? We could go and go on chat, GPT and Google and find out how many companies like this exists. So that would be step one. Then we're kind of missing what they're looking for. Then step, then your Bennett, then your problem that you're uniquely solving. So what are you uniquely is good at solving? Like what is the issue that they have that you're going to solve for them? So we have to articulate that. That's called the insight. So the insight and that's the problem that you're solving is what. So that's the insight. So the insight is like, well, I worked with, you know, five other. I've worked with five other agencies and they never seen two. And they're always failing at or I don't like it because, right, like you have to write down what is the problem you're solving. Then you say introducing, you know, my company. I help, you know, I help grow. But that's not a brand positioning, right? That's way, way, way, way too vague. So we need to sweat out a little bit. Why what's special about your, your, your product. But I need, I need you to kind of help with write down some nuggets that are a little bit more detail than just this. So target insight. Insight is the problem you're solving, the pain points you're solving. So you know, the slim quick, why did they pick you? What were they looking to solve when they picked you? Like, they're like, oh man, Rohan, we have an issue that we've tried six agencies and they all failed at, you know, achieving growth with less than 30% Amazon spend. Right, whatever. Like, write out, like the words you write are really, really important. Write out, what do you think for the ideal client is the problem you're solving. And think about the clients you got. The problem I'm solving is, you know, I go through agency after agency and even the ones that I, I, I pay a lot and they still can't be successful in doing what Introducing your company we will successfully do, blah, blah, blah. And then why. So you have like four paragraphs to write, but it starts there. And then we look at that and we say, okay, you have 10,000 agencies competing against you that say the same thing. We help brands grow on Amazon. So we're gonna have to say, okay, like how do we get a little bit, how do we get better than the others? Right, yeah. So fill in the first four Ideal target problem you're solving. Insight, introducing your benefit. I'm the company that. And then the reasons to believe. Reason number one is, look, I turned around slim quick. Reason number two, I have a proprietary process. Reason number three is I have six years experience, whatever it is. Do you have pitch decks of other agencies? I have some, one or two. Yeah. So try to look at, you have to fill that out. Try to look at other. You know, Amazon Prep is an agency that advertises a lot in, in Toronto. And, and I know the founder. Let me see if I can find his pitch deck and I'll send it to you on the weekend. But we got to define a little bit tighter. What's unique about you and it's, it has to follow this process because that's your pitch. Right. Okay, I gotta go to my 2:30, we'll talk Monday and then we'll book another call. Don't worry, I won't shortchange. That's okay. Okay. Yeah, no problems. Thank you so much.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Thing here.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: And I sent you a presentation of the capabilities.

Speaker B: Yeah. So let's look at that a little bit. So. So go to. So you have your position. So what we're going to do is so you have a business and you're looking to grow your business. So there's like a method, a step method to help understand your current business, where you are and what are the problems you're solving, what are the problems you have in your business. And in a discipline, kind of methodical way, work through hypotheses of better strategies that would lead to better. Different results. Better results. So there's a process. And whether it's for a CPG brand or a business or a person, like, I'm going to be doing the same for me because I eventually want to move to just consulting. I don't want to be, you know, an entrepreneur or a CMO eventually. I just want to be a content, a brand that sells my expertise. But I haven't. That's not what I've been doing for five years. So I. I'm not as. As there as I want to be, but I'm going there. But it's all the same thing. So the method is always the same. You first start with what is your current brand positioning? And your current brand positioning is a combination of who's your target, what's your insight, the problem you're solving, what's your positioning off your brand, then the reasons to believe that, and then your pricing strategy. So let's. Let me just write. I'm gonna write a few things. I'm still old school. I'm gonna write a few things while we're talking so I can send this back to you after just one second.

Speaker A: And by the way, when you talk about brand positioning, I have tried to learn about that before from someone named Marty Marion. I'm not sure if he's that popular that everybody will know, but there's so many.

Speaker B: But it's all the same thing. And you learn it like. But in consumer packaged goods, you learn a much more discipline way on brand positioning because if you're not tight with your positioning, you're gonna lose, you know, Crest versus Colgate and Pampers versus Love. So.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. So again, there is hundreds of these guys. Right. Like, so I have. I don't know, there's like thousands of these guys on YouTube and now on Tick Tock. But. And I don't know which ones are good. I just watch this Thomas Bilyeu one that I sent you. It's really weird. The video that I wanted to send you, when I forward the video that I'm watching, he. He send. He. It sends a version 2 of the video and it's not good at all. So I want. Yeah. So I'm gonna. I don't know what. I think he's changed. So I have the link of video one that is very good from him and it has his method. His method is a bit too complicated, but it has the same basics that I believe in. So I'm gonna just. I think I'm going to simplify that and do four or five page PowerPoint because a lot of people need it. But the video I sent you wind up. For some reason, I think he doesn't want to give his method for free anymore. So it must be an old link. When I send that link, it sends you to version two. And version two, it's just a selling job. Like, it's just like, oh, you know, pay me and you go to the last page and it. It's basically $5,000 for his master classes. But if you get the version one, which I'll summarize on the weekend, there's actual real good. Like his method makes sense. Like it's the four pillars and then the six steps and blah, blah, blah. So it, it's all the same thing. But let's just do this together. So, okay, so you, you optimize. We help grow. Okay, so that's like, that's your benefit. So your benefit is help grow. So that's. So that's very, you know, straightforward. Now who. Now we have to do. Now we have to do the, the target and the, the insight. So who. Let's back up and then we're going to do why you're so good at helping grow. So just to help grow is not going to be good enough because, you know, you have a thousand agencies that help grow.

Speaker A: Exactly. Yeah.

Speaker B: What would you say your target is like right now?

Speaker A: The audience. In terms of the audience?

Speaker B: Yeah. Well, how would you articulate your target?

Speaker A: Well, it's any dietary supplement, food or personal care product. I work with them. That's the audience, I would say.

Speaker B: So let's, let's define it like. How about we define it like, so what size of the companies? So let's define it. So Canada and us. So let's define it a little bit more detail. So it's Canada versus US, Right? Both Canada. US what size companies based on everything you've experienced. Like you've been in business, what, 10 years?

Speaker A: No, I have been in this domain for familiar with Amazon for about six years.

Speaker B: Six years, okay, so that's still a long time. So what would you say based on those six years? Canada, U.S. what size companies have you think is your best target?

Speaker A: Well Susie, so far I have experience or experience working with some companies like no sugar company of their size.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: And also neutralab. They're also manufacturers, established manufacturers. I believe their overall revenue neutral lab probably would be around 40 million around that range. But, but their revenue, that's not the overall revenue from Amazon. That's just the size of the entire business.

Speaker B: So you kind of have to define, like we have to define your target and we have to define the problem you're solving. So the target. Let's just kind of. We're going to have to, you know, we have to do your brand positioning first and foremost. So how about we say something like vitamin and supplement brands, you know companies, companies that have brands. Vitamin and supply companies that have brands that want to spend. Want to spend at ad spend on. So are you just Amazon or do you do meta also? No, I don't do meta, just Amazon. Right. That want to spend on Amazon. So you're working with and then what range of spend are you an expert on? Like, like your niche, the ad spend?

Speaker A: Well, I have so far I have managed accounts that have spent up to let's say 50,000, 40 to $50,000 a month.

Speaker B: And what's the low end? So that's like, like that's the high end per month.

Speaker A: That's the high end. Yeah, that's the highest end.

Speaker B: And what's the low?

Speaker A: Low is too low even let's say $2,000 a month. I don't want to go there at all.

Speaker B: Yeah. What's your, so what's your fees?

Speaker A: It depends on what who I'm working with. So yeah.

Speaker B: Like are you on a percentage or.

Speaker A: Well, it's a, it depends. Now sometimes what I do is a hybrid model. So there would be a fixed fee and then I would say a 3% on the growth from where we are. If we go beyond that then I'll tell you 3% on the growth.

Speaker B: Okay, and what's your fix? Approximately your retainer.

Speaker A: So now because I work with diverse, I mean companies of different sizes, the small ones, that's really, really low. It starts at 650$ and then 3% but if it is something of no Sugar company or neutralab size or Maple Life, all those then it would be depends really. But then for ad management maybe around 1800 2000$.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Should be around that range.

Speaker B: So you're around 1800amonth retainer plus 3%. On what?

Speaker A: On growth beyond a certain. Right, beyond that, let's say the average. Current average.

Speaker B: Okay. And how do you come up with your price? So we're going to just. We have to do the. Your whole brand positioning. But how did you come up with your pricing? Is it kind of an hourly rate or how do you figure that out?

Speaker A: Well, I, I used to do hourly before, but now I have better idea of how much it should be. So I just go project based right now.

Speaker B: Okay, so let's try to think about it from the consumer perspective. So, um, when you were hourly, how much were you? Just for perspective.

Speaker A: So how much in total or like per hour?

Speaker B: No, how much. What was your hourly billing rate when you were hourly?

Speaker A: I used to calculate it as $45 an hour.

Speaker B: 45, okay, so that's pretty low.

Speaker A: Yeah, that is very low. Yeah, I know for an agency it's low.

Speaker B: Okay, so, Okay, so you're looking so probably smaller. Like you're looking for bigger brands, but you're also perhaps accessible. Like, like we have to define, like who is your I. Your ideal scp? Yeah, your ideal ICP is who?

Speaker A: Suzy? I would like to say some brands of no sugar company size would be ICP around that would be minus.

Speaker B: And how much were they spending? Because I don't know, like I haven't worked there in a long time.

Speaker A: Well, so between, let's say for no sugar, between Amazon and US and Canada. Yeah, it changed a lot over time, but I would say right now around 25,000, let's say a month in Canadian.

Speaker B: 25. A month.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. And then you were able. Okay, so that's a good size brand. Just go to the slim, quick case study for a bit. We just kind of have to. We kind of have to figure out what you're good at, what work, what doesn't work and why. So the brand. I. I worked on it in 2007-2008-2012-2013. Like I worked at a lot of times. So walk me through. Okay, so they hired you. Okay, so go back to the beginning.

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker B: They hired you. Yeah, so go. Yeah. So they were how much. What were the sales before they hired you? So they were 191 after. But what were they the sales before they hired you?

Speaker A: So the thing is, the case study is written in a way before me taking over. It was really neglected and it happened to be. Yes, they used to sell, but then it happened to be out of Stock, everything out of stock for almost few months. So the way I wrote it is like almost.02 because I got started when it was out of stock and then I got them to this level.

Speaker B: Okay, okay, so you. But. And how much were they selling before when they had stock?

Speaker A: It was. I don't remember the exact numbers. I can perhaps say that, tell you more about that next day. I'll look at the numbers, but

Speaker B: it

Speaker A: was nothing close to this. That's what I can say at least.

Speaker B: Okay, so you want to kind of figure that out a little bit because your sales deck doesn't say where you started. Right. So what I'm trying to do is kind of do your brand positioning to kind of pull your story together. Go to the next page. Sure. So, okay, go to the next page. I launched that product, by the way. That product that. I launched that into the market.

Speaker A: Yeah, I know.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, so then go. Okay, go here, next page. So that's good. So those were the challenges then. Okay, so wait, wait, wait. You did the list. So you did the listings on Amazon, Created listings on Amazon?

Speaker A: No, they weren't there, but they were having some issues with advertisement policies. They got suppressed. So I had to resolve those things. Basically compliance.

Speaker B: I'm just trying to clarify. Created listings. That's on Amazon.

Speaker A: It will not be uncreated listings, but it would be created listings with policy compliant copies. Yeah, so I changed the. On Amazon. Yes, that's right. Listings were there. I had to do the copy for them.

Speaker B: Okay, so on Amazon you created the listings and then you had an ad strategy. Okay, what's the next page?

Speaker A: Now I'm talking more about the ad strategy.

Speaker B: Yeah, but is that on Amazon, your branded terms?

Speaker A: Everything's on Amazon. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Do you want me to go to the next one?

Speaker B: Yep, yep. Because these are the step. Yep. These are the good standard steps. Next page. Okay, it's just that we don't. We don't. Like you said you started from zero. It's just that we don't know what it was before. Right. And then is that.

Speaker A: Look into that. No, it's not there anymore. It's. That is all.

Speaker B: So I think what's missing. And if I can get you that video from Tom, the one version, not the two. It's all about, you know, where you are now. You have a where you are now. So we're going to do your brand positioning and I'll prepare and we'll do it at the next meeting. But where you are now. Who do we think is your target? Your Ideal target. Your benefit is you help brands grow. So that's like way too general. Then why? Your reasons to believe, like, we're gonna need to define what you're really good at. And then your pricing, I wasn't really able to kind of figure out. You know, I don't, I don't have like a clear brand positioning for your brand yet. Because you were one of 10,000 agencies/ consultants that say, we'll help you grow on Amazon. Right. If you go on fiber. I don't know if you're on fiber or upworks. Like, there's literally 10,000. So. Yeah, yeah. So you have to differentiate yourself and show why you're better than the other 9,900. And your case study is just very generic. A lot of agencies will actually show, you know, they'll kind of do a little video with the ad words and stuff. We don't even know what, like the. Which time is this? Is this the sales in one month? You sold 191,000 in one month?

Speaker A: Yeah, that's the monthly revenue. That's between Canada and usa, by the way. Canada was ignorable, but mostly.

Speaker B: And you only spent. What was the spend on it?

Speaker A: It was 22,000. Something around that.

Speaker B: So what's that? 22. That's 12%. No, 22 divided by. And then that's both Canadian dollars. That's 12%. So is that Canadian?

Speaker A: No, that's. Yeah, yeah, that's Canadian dollar.

Speaker B: Well, 12% ad spend on Amazon is not high, right?

Speaker A: Like, no, it's not, but it happened mostly because of their branded keywords.

Speaker B: So what's the ad spend now? Like in November?

Speaker A: I can take a look at that.

Speaker B: So did they. Did they. So you're not working with them anymore?

Speaker A: Yeah, I am now. They are at. In the month of. In the last 30 days. I can say it's close to 8 point something percent. I forgot the exact number, but it was close to that.

Speaker B: Okay, so. And I'm sure they're not. You just be careful. Right. I'm not going to say anything, but I. You're probably not allowed to share these results, like, without permission. Right, of course. Yeah. So just be careful. But what you really should try to do is figure out like, again, you're not supposed to share this with me. So, you know, I'm, I'm like, obviously never. Yeah, I wouldn't say anything, but you need to have like a better story as to what you did and why. Because right now it's kind of hard. You know, we're not Able to define your target too close. Yet your benefit is you help your brands grow. The reasons to believe we didn't get to it right. Like I'm good, you know that. Like we don't. Your brand positioning is. I'm gonna drop you the format of the brand positioning right now in where's the chat Charlie? And I'm not able to fill in the blanks too much. So one sec, let me drop you. Brand positioning and then mini business review. So let me drop you that. Give me one second and then maybe before the next meeting so we make the best use of time is you take a stab at filling out these two documents. So brand positioning, let's go here. Oh, wait, how do I one sec. Disclose. Why am I not zoom chat. Okay, okay, so let me get the brand positioning here. So this one and then the mini business review. The mini business review is probably going to be harder for you to fill in because you kind of have like it's a CPG business review and you kind of have to be trained. But try to at least with your business review, with your brand positioning, you know, we didn't do. And we only have like three or four minutes. But we have to articulate your target. And right now what I have is Canadian and US Vitamin supplement brands within companies that have a certain amount of ad spend, you know, like from X,000, maybe from 5,000amonth to 50,000. So that would be kind of your target. And then we could Google, right? We could go and go on chat, GPT and Google and find out how many companies like this exists. So that would be step one. Then we're kind of missing what they're looking for. Then step, then your Bennett, then your problem that you're uniquely solving. So what are you uniquely is good at solving? Like what is the issue that they have that you're going to solve for them? So we have to articulate that. That's called the insight. So the insight and that's the problem that you're solving is what. So that's the insight. So the insight is like, well, I worked with, you know, five other. I've worked with five other agencies and they never seen two. And they're always failing at or I don't like it because, right, like you have to write down what is the problem you're solving. Then you say introducing, you know, my company. I help, you know, I help grow. But that's not a brand positioning, right? That's way, way, way, way too vague. So we need to sweat out a little bit. Why what's special about your, your, your product. But I need, I need you to kind of help with write down some nuggets that are a little bit more detail than just this. So target insight. Insight is the problem you're solving, the pain points you're solving. So you know, the slim quick, why did they pick you? What were they looking to solve when they picked you? Like, they're like, oh man, Rohan, we have an issue that we've tried six agencies and they all failed at, you know, achieving growth with less than 30% Amazon spend. Right, whatever. Like, write out, like the words you write are really, really important. Write out, what do you think for the ideal client is the problem you're solving. And think about the clients you got. The problem I'm solving is, you know, I go through agency after agency and even the ones that I, I, I pay a lot and they still can't be successful in doing what Introducing your company we will successfully do, blah, blah, blah. And then why. So you have like four paragraphs to write, but it starts there. And then we look at that and we say, okay, you have 10,000 agencies competing against you that say the same thing. We help brands grow on Amazon. So we're gonna have to say, okay, like how do we get a little bit, how do we get better than the others?

Speaker A: Right, yeah.

Speaker B: So fill in the first four Ideal target problem you're solving. Insight, introducing your benefit. I'm the company that. And then the reasons to believe. Reason number one is, look, I turned around slim quick. Reason number two, I have a proprietary process. Reason number three is I have six years experience, whatever it is. Do you have pitch decks of other agencies?

Speaker A: I have some, one or two.

Speaker B: Yeah. So try to look at, you have to fill that out. Try to look at other. You know, Amazon Prep is an agency that advertises a lot in, in Toronto. And, and I know the founder. Let me see if I can find his pitch deck and I'll send it to you on the weekend. But we got to define a little bit tighter. What's unique about you and it's, it has to follow this process because that's your pitch.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Okay, I gotta go to my 2:30, we'll talk Monday and then we'll book another call. Don't worry, I won't shortchange.

Speaker A: That's okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, no problems. Thank you so much.

