Transcript for: Recording__1104.mp4
Title: Recording #1104
============================================================

Questions that you might have up front and then I can kind of dive into my deck and run you through it. Definitely. Well, so for now we are planning to get started with two products. One is a beverage and another one is a drink mix. So when I say beverage, that's a heavy products, 22 pounds product and the other one is way lighter. And in terms of questions, what we did so far on our end, we tried to see how much it may cost to ship each unit including placement fee based on the information that we have received from you so far. So we have received one link where it talks about the FTB fees and also one dick where it specifies the placement fees and all. Now one objective I had was to show you the information that I had gathered and wanted to verify the information that I have on my end, on our end if it is correct or not. And also we have a few questions. Perfect. Okay. And so £22 you said? Yes. So is it like ready to drink beverages? Right. Okay. And how many beverages come in this pack? 18 count. 18 pack. Yeah. Okay, got it. Okay. No, that's good context. What I'll do then is I'll pull up some slides, we can go through those rates together just to make sure we fully understand and I'll just give you a little more context around the whole program as well at the time. Same, same time. So I'm going to go ahead and share my screen and as well I'm going to be able to share this deck with you and some helpful resources. So feel free to take notes but I will be able to send everything over to you as well. Fulfilled by TikTok started almost two years ago now. I was actually the first person on this team and we we built FBT as almost just a little pilot program. We had some sellers that wanted to use an in house fulfillment service. So we started by using three PLs and we quickly realized that other sellers wanted to use FBT as well. And so we've grown very, very quickly. We now have eight facilities with about 4 million square feet. We're continuing to grow very rapidly. Now there's a few reasons why sellers use fbt and I know it sounds like you guys already are very interested in fbt, but it's kind of good to know this context as well. We have really low fulfillment costs here. The reason for that is FBT very candidly is not a profit center for TikTok. We pass everything over at cost price to you as the seller. The reason we do that is we know that money that you Save on fulfillment is money that you'll spend on advertising or you'll spend it growing your business. So we'd rather help you spin that flywheel of scaling by giving you that cheap fulfillment. We have a $0 free shipping threshold. What this means is every single product that's stocked in FBT almost has like a built in Amazon prime, right? If it's stocked in fbt, your customers will always get free shipping on that item. You, as the seller, will still be responsible for a fulfillment fee, but the customer will never have to pay. We have six fulfillment centers based around the US right now. We actually launched a new one last week in Houston, Texas. And this allows us to offer three day delivery for every customer on the mainland in the us and that's three days from when they click purchase in the app until the product is physically at their door. For your major metropolitan city customers, that's more like one to two day delivery. But we say three days so that we can get everywhere in the country. As of 16 June, we launched something called an algorithm boost. What this means is every FBT product is starting to get pushed in the algorithm to some extent. Whether that's your videos, live streams or shop tab content, we're starting to boost that to get in front of more eyes. The actual lift of that we don't know right now. There's still a lot of testing going on. I would assume we probably won't have any shareable data for the next few months at least. But all we know right now is that the algorithm is pushing FBT products more. Seller protection takes shape in the form of almost like an insurance. So every package that ships through FBT is fully protected. So let's say a customer order comes in, we ship it out with UPS and the package is lost in transit. Or maybe the customer receives the package but it's damaged. Anything like that. The customer can open up their TikTok app, they can get an immediate refund, and then you would be able to place a reimbursement request with TikTok and we would reimburse you the full cost of that item. So both you and the customer are fully taken care of. We allow for virtual bundling. This means that you could send in 2, 3, 4, 5 different SKUs. You could bundle them together virtually. The customer places an order, we would pick, pack them in the same box and ship them out. We have no contracts here at fbt. This means that it's as simple as accepting terms and conditions. So Hama, are you already registered on The TikTok shop. I don't think we are. Elena will know better about that. Elena, there are too many tabs open. Yeah, we're registered and I think ready to go. It's just a matter of updating, uploading or connecting whatever fulfillment option we want to use. Cool. So if you just send me your shop code, then I'll be able to go ahead and grant you access and you'll be able to get straight into the platform. There's no commitments, there's no monthly minimums, no account keeping fees or anything like that. It's really just pay as you go. And FBT bills will be deducted from your gmv. So it's deducted from your revenue essentially. Okay, this is a quick snapshot of our warehouses. We have two inbound hubs, one in California, one in New Jersey, and then those are our six fulfillment centers there. Now an inbound hub is very similar to an Amazon Crosstalk facility. This explains it a little more visually. But using an inbound hub is what I say, the easiest method. It allows you to send one truck, one location, whether that's California or New Jersey. You get to pick once it arrives at the inbound hub, that's where we would repackage your goods and distribute them to all of the fulfillment centers on your behalf. So it's the easiest option for you. But some small inbound hub fees do apply once it reaches our hub. Now, if you want to avoid the hub for whatever reason, maybe you don't want to pay those inbound hub placement fees, you do have the option to ship direct to fc. Now, we require that you send to a minimum of four fulfillment centers and we would tell you which four. That is the reason that we require you to send it to that many is because we want to balance your goods across the country so we can still offer three day delivery to all your customers. Okay, Markus, one question here regarding the inbound hubs. So let's say we would prefer to use inbound hubs. In that case you have two. So we get to pick which one we ship to or do. Does TikTok. Okay, we get to pick that. You get to pick the hub. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And the reason I asked this is because from the fees chart I noticed the eastern hub, the fees for that one is lower compared to the west one. Yes, exactly right. So the east hub is slightly cheaper. The reason for that is we have a higher density of performance centers surrounding it. So our trans shipment costs are cheaper once we receive your goods at the hub. Got it. Okay, now we can see here that we charge for the product weight and that's the sellable unit. Right. So you would be £22, which means if you wanted to use the east hub, you'd be looking at $3.74 per unit plus a dollar 20 because it's 60 cents for every pound above 20 or 21. So 374 plus 60. If you wanted to use the west hub, it is significantly more expensive. 543 plus 60 cents. Right. But sending just to one of these hubs, does that not impact our distribution throughout the country? No. So you can see from this flowchart that you are just sending to one location. Right. And the benefit of that is operationally you're just packing one truck. Send it to one location. Once it arrives there, then you can see we disperse all of the goods across the country for you. That's the reason that we're charging that hub placement fee. If you wanted to avoid playing Paying this 374/60, you can avoid that. You see, Direct to FC is free, but we would require you to send four trucks to four locations. So it's really for you. I would compare these by figuring out what is financially more viable. Paying hub placement fees per unit or sending four trucks to four locations. Right. Okay, perfect. Next we have the fulfillment fee itself. So think of this one as getting the product from the shelf in our warehouse into the hands of your customer. So it includes picking and packing all of the packaging materials and the shipping with three day delivery. It's all baked into this. So you would be looking at $18 plus 40 cents. Right, perfect. Any questions on this one? Well, one question again, it's related to the inbound hub. So if we want to ship to, let's say both options. For both options, inbound hub or fulfillment centers. Does TikTok have any partnered carriers at this point or do we need to use our own? You would need to book your own inbound shipment. We don't have any partner carriers at this moment. Okay. And the second question would be, what are the labeling requirements for each unit and also the master case? So we'll start at the sellable unit. So each sellable unit requires a barcode. Now we accept any barcode that you have. So do you have like a UPC already on your products? Yeah, upc. Okay, perfect. So we can accept that you would just put the UPC code in the merchant portal when you set up the product. And we'll be able to scan that in now because it's I'm sorry, so one question, one follow up would be. So for some products, it may have just one Amazon barcode, will that also work? Yeah, we accept Amazon FN skus. Okay, great. Yeah, yeah, that's not a problem at all. When, when you set up the product in the FPT portal, you'll just have to select from a dropdown what type of SKU it is, whether it's upc, ean, fn, sku, we accept everything. So you just select that and then you input it. And a product can contain multiple barcodes. So let's say half of your inventory is upc, half of your inventory is FN sku. You can list both of those on your product. So we can scan both in just fine. Okay, sounds good. Now, because your products are consumable, we do require expiration dates and lot codes on the products as well. Perfect. So that's the sellable unit. Now are you going to be shipping these in a like a master case? Right. Okay. And how many units per case? So for the heavier product it will be just one product, it will not be in a master case. The product itself is the package. So and for the other one, I'm not sure how many it will be. But let's say for the sake of our example, let's say 20 units in each master case. Okay. So in both cases, right. Let's for the first example, the 22 pound item, let's say that that is itself in the master case. That if you send us an entire pallet and it's just that one SKU on the pallet, you will only need to put an FBT label on the palette. So when we receive it, we'll scan the pallet, we understand that everything is the same SKU and we can bring it in easily. Now if you're sending a mixed SKU palette, you're going to need to label every single master case. So whether that's a case of 20 or a case of 1, you'll need to label that case. We provide those labels for you. It's just a PDF that you download, print out, stick it on them. But it is if we're looking at labor. And what's the most efficient Single SKU pallets is the best way to go, right? Of course. Makes sense. Cool. And I Saham, I have an inbound prep guideline doc that I can share with you as well. It's a public facing doc and it goes into really granular detail about all of that as well. Okay, perfect. Now we have the Storage fee. So we offer 30 days of free storage for every inbound that you send us. So technically, if you can get your goods in and out within 30 days, you'll never have to pay for storage. Now the reality is most of our sellers live right here, which is 31 to 60 days. And we bill at a rate of 3 cents per cubic foot per day. Kind of a funky equation there. And you can see that we do have a sliding scale. We don't want to be a long term storage facility. So that's why we incentivize getting inventory out fairly quickly. You can see my equation here. And we bill per cubic feet. So I just used a full pallet as an example, which would be 48 by 48 by 42 inches. And we would times 56 cubic feet by 3 cents, giving us about $1.70 a day in storage charges. So it's very cheap. Right. Is there any difference between the using fulfillment centers and the inbound hubs when it comes to the storage fee? Yeah. So you should think of the inbound hub as a transfer facility. The goods don't stay there. The goods arrive at the hub, they get repackaged and shipped to all of the fulfillment centers. Got it. Okay. Yeah, that answers my question. So it's always the same thing? Yes. Yeah. The last slide here that I want to touch on is called non compliant inbounds or ncis. Now the prep guidelines that I'm going to send you, Saham, will cover all of this, but I just want to make sure that it is on your radar. There's two kinds of NCIS that you need to look for. First one is an inbound incident. So this is when maybe you send us products that the barcode isn't scannable for whatever reason. Or maybe you said you're going to send us blue products and you send us red. Anything that's a mismatch or what we're not expecting has a penalty or a fee. And the same on the left hand side, if you're sending palletized goods, and let's say your truck doesn't show up for the appointment or they Cancel Less than 24 hours ahead of time, there are fees for that as well. So again, as long as the warehouse follows all of our guidelines, you'll never have to worry about this. But it is good to have on your radar. Perfect. That's everything that I had on my deck. I know we have a little bit of time left, so I want to see if there's anything else I can answer you at the moment, I think all the questions that I had I already asked. If one more question that I'd like to ask is for TikTok shop, is it an option to, let's say people view our product using the TikTok shop and can we redirect them to, let's say, our Amazon page from where they can check out, or is that not on outlet at all? The short answer is redirected traffic is a violation and so your account or your content will be suppressed. That's the short answer. So if you have a TikTok shop and you have products in FBT, your product's going to get boosted. If you're trying to send to Amazon, it's going to do the opposite. Right. And the reason I asked is like, let's say the way we have it set up on our website, currently if someone wants to buy from our website, they are sent to Amazon. So that way operationally it's more simple. That's the reason I was asking. Got it, Got it. That makes sense. Elena, I got the shop code. Thank you for sending me that. So I'm going to go ahead and white list you so you'll have full access after this call. Great. Thank you. Awesome. Okay, perfect. Well, I will shoot over a recap. I'll send you the deck. I'll send you the inbound prep guidelines as well as all your next steps to get set up and going. There's some helpful links that'll show you how to do everything. It'll take you like barely 10 minutes to get ready to go, but if you run into any questions at all, always feel free to reach out. Sure. Sounds good. Marcus, thank you so much. Thank you. Great. Lovely to meet you all. We'll talk soon. Bye. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Questions that you might have up front and then I can kind of dive into my deck and run you through it.

Speaker B: Definitely. Well, so for now we are planning to get started with two products. One is a beverage and another one is a drink mix. So when I say beverage, that's a heavy products, 22 pounds product and the other one is way lighter. And in terms of questions, what we did so far on our end, we tried to see how much it may cost to ship each unit including placement fee based on the information that we have received from you so far. So we have received one link where it talks about the FTB fees and also one dick where it specifies the placement fees and all. Now one objective I had was to show you the information that I had gathered and wanted to verify the information that I have on my end, on our end if it is correct or not. And also we have a few questions.

Speaker A: Perfect. Okay. And so £22 you said?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So is it like ready to drink beverages?

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Okay. And how many beverages come in this pack?

Speaker B: 18 count. 18 pack. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, got it. Okay. No, that's good context. What I'll do then is I'll pull up some slides, we can go through those rates together just to make sure we fully understand and I'll just give you a little more context around the whole program as well at the time. Same, same time. So I'm going to go ahead and share my screen and as well I'm going to be able to share this deck with you and some helpful resources. So feel free to take notes but I will be able to send everything over to you as well. Fulfilled by TikTok started almost two years ago now. I was actually the first person on this team and we we built FBT as almost just a little pilot program. We had some sellers that wanted to use an in house fulfillment service. So we started by using three PLs and we quickly realized that other sellers wanted to use FBT as well. And so we've grown very, very quickly. We now have eight facilities with about 4 million square feet. We're continuing to grow very rapidly. Now there's a few reasons why sellers use fbt and I know it sounds like you guys already are very interested in fbt, but it's kind of good to know this context as well. We have really low fulfillment costs here. The reason for that is FBT very candidly is not a profit center for TikTok. We pass everything over at cost price to you as the seller. The reason we do that is we know that money that you Save on fulfillment is money that you'll spend on advertising or you'll spend it growing your business. So we'd rather help you spin that flywheel of scaling by giving you that cheap fulfillment. We have a $0 free shipping threshold. What this means is every single product that's stocked in FBT almost has like a built in Amazon prime, right? If it's stocked in fbt, your customers will always get free shipping on that item. You, as the seller, will still be responsible for a fulfillment fee, but the customer will never have to pay. We have six fulfillment centers based around the US right now. We actually launched a new one last week in Houston, Texas. And this allows us to offer three day delivery for every customer on the mainland in the us and that's three days from when they click purchase in the app until the product is physically at their door. For your major metropolitan city customers, that's more like one to two day delivery. But we say three days so that we can get everywhere in the country. As of 16 June, we launched something called an algorithm boost. What this means is every FBT product is starting to get pushed in the algorithm to some extent. Whether that's your videos, live streams or shop tab content, we're starting to boost that to get in front of more eyes. The actual lift of that we don't know right now. There's still a lot of testing going on. I would assume we probably won't have any shareable data for the next few months at least. But all we know right now is that the algorithm is pushing FBT products more. Seller protection takes shape in the form of almost like an insurance. So every package that ships through FBT is fully protected. So let's say a customer order comes in, we ship it out with UPS and the package is lost in transit. Or maybe the customer receives the package but it's damaged. Anything like that. The customer can open up their TikTok app, they can get an immediate refund, and then you would be able to place a reimbursement request with TikTok and we would reimburse you the full cost of that item. So both you and the customer are fully taken care of. We allow for virtual bundling. This means that you could send in 2, 3, 4, 5 different SKUs. You could bundle them together virtually. The customer places an order, we would pick, pack them in the same box and ship them out. We have no contracts here at fbt. This means that it's as simple as accepting terms and conditions. So Hama, are you already registered on The TikTok shop.

Speaker B: I don't think we are. Elena will know better about that. Elena,

Speaker A: there are too many tabs open. Yeah, we're registered and I think ready to go. It's just a matter of updating, uploading or connecting whatever fulfillment option we want to use. Cool. So if you just send me your shop code, then I'll be able to go ahead and grant you access and you'll be able to get straight into the platform. There's no commitments, there's no monthly minimums, no account keeping fees or anything like that. It's really just pay as you go. And FBT bills will be deducted from your gmv. So it's deducted from your revenue essentially.

Speaker B: Okay,

Speaker A: this is a quick snapshot of our warehouses. We have two inbound hubs, one in California, one in New Jersey, and then those are our six fulfillment centers there. Now an inbound hub is very similar to an Amazon Crosstalk facility. This explains it a little more visually. But using an inbound hub is what I say, the easiest method. It allows you to send one truck, one location, whether that's California or New Jersey. You get to pick once it arrives at the inbound hub, that's where we would repackage your goods and distribute them to all of the fulfillment centers on your behalf. So it's the easiest option for you. But some small inbound hub fees do apply once it reaches our hub. Now, if you want to avoid the hub for whatever reason, maybe you don't want to pay those inbound hub placement fees, you do have the option to ship direct to fc. Now, we require that you send to a minimum of four fulfillment centers and we would tell you which four. That is the reason that we require you to send it to that many is because we want to balance your goods across the country so we can still offer three day delivery to all your customers.

Speaker B: Okay, Markus, one question here regarding the inbound hubs. So let's say we would prefer to use inbound hubs. In that case you have two. So we get to pick which one we ship to or do. Does TikTok. Okay, we get to pick that.

Speaker A: You get to pick the hub. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And the reason I asked this is because from the fees chart I noticed the eastern hub, the fees for that one is lower compared to the west one.

Speaker A: Yes, exactly right. So the east hub is slightly cheaper. The reason for that is we have a higher density of performance centers surrounding it. So our trans shipment costs are cheaper once we receive your goods at the hub.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: Okay, now we can see here that we charge for the product weight and that's the sellable unit. Right. So you would be £22, which means if you wanted to use the east hub, you'd be looking at $3.74 per unit plus a dollar 20 because it's 60 cents for every pound above 20 or 21. So 374 plus 60. If you wanted to use the west hub, it is significantly more expensive. 543 plus 60 cents.

Speaker B: Right. But sending just to one of these hubs, does that not impact our distribution throughout the country?

Speaker A: No. So you can see from this flowchart that you are just sending to one location. Right. And the benefit of that is operationally you're just packing one truck. Send it to one location. Once it arrives there, then you can see we disperse all of the goods across the country for you. That's the reason that we're charging that hub placement fee. If you wanted to avoid playing Paying this 374/60, you can avoid that. You see, Direct to FC is free, but we would require you to send four trucks to four locations. So it's really for you. I would compare these by figuring out what is financially more viable. Paying hub placement fees per unit or sending four trucks to four locations.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Okay, perfect. Next we have the fulfillment fee itself. So think of this one as getting the product from the shelf in our warehouse into the hands of your customer. So it includes picking and packing all of the packaging materials and the shipping with three day delivery. It's all baked into this. So you would be looking at $18 plus 40 cents. Right, perfect. Any questions on this one?

Speaker B: Well, one question again, it's related to the inbound hub. So if we want to ship to, let's say both options. For both options, inbound hub or fulfillment centers. Does TikTok have any partnered carriers at this point or do we need to use our own?

Speaker A: You would need to book your own inbound shipment. We don't have any partner carriers at this moment.

Speaker B: Okay. And the second question would be, what are the labeling requirements for each unit and also the master case?

Speaker A: So we'll start at the sellable unit. So each sellable unit requires a barcode. Now we accept any barcode that you have. So do you have like a UPC already on your products?

Speaker B: Yeah, upc.

Speaker A: Okay, perfect. So we can accept that you would just put the UPC code in the merchant portal when you set up the product. And we'll be able to scan that in now because it's I'm sorry, so

Speaker B: one question, one follow up would be. So for some products, it may have just one Amazon barcode, will that also work?

Speaker A: Yeah, we accept Amazon FN skus.

Speaker B: Okay, great.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, that's not a problem at all. When, when you set up the product in the FPT portal, you'll just have to select from a dropdown what type of SKU it is, whether it's upc, ean, fn, sku, we accept everything. So you just select that and then you input it. And a product can contain multiple barcodes. So let's say half of your inventory is upc, half of your inventory is FN sku. You can list both of those on your product. So we can scan both in just fine.

Speaker B: Okay, sounds good.

Speaker A: Now, because your products are consumable, we do require expiration dates and lot codes on the products as well. Perfect. So that's the sellable unit. Now are you going to be shipping these in a like a master case?

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Okay. And how many units per case?

Speaker B: So for the heavier product it will be just one product, it will not be in a master case. The product itself is the package. So and for the other one, I'm not sure how many it will be. But let's say for the sake of our example, let's say 20 units in each master case.

Speaker A: Okay. So in both cases, right. Let's for the first example, the 22 pound item, let's say that that is itself in the master case. That if you send us an entire pallet and it's just that one SKU on the pallet, you will only need to put an FBT label on the palette. So when we receive it, we'll scan the pallet, we understand that everything is the same SKU and we can bring it in easily. Now if you're sending a mixed SKU palette, you're going to need to label every single master case. So whether that's a case of 20 or a case of 1, you'll need to label that case. We provide those labels for you. It's just a PDF that you download, print out, stick it on them. But it is if we're looking at labor. And what's the most efficient Single SKU pallets is the best way to go, right?

Speaker B: Of course. Makes sense.

Speaker A: Cool. And I Saham, I have an inbound prep guideline doc that I can share with you as well. It's a public facing doc and it goes into really granular detail about all of that as well.

Speaker B: Okay,

Speaker A: perfect. Now we have the Storage fee. So we offer 30 days of free storage for every inbound that you send us. So technically, if you can get your goods in and out within 30 days, you'll never have to pay for storage. Now the reality is most of our sellers live right here, which is 31 to 60 days. And we bill at a rate of 3 cents per cubic foot per day. Kind of a funky equation there. And you can see that we do have a sliding scale. We don't want to be a long term storage facility. So that's why we incentivize getting inventory out fairly quickly. You can see my equation here. And we bill per cubic feet. So I just used a full pallet as an example, which would be 48 by 48 by 42 inches. And we would times 56 cubic feet by 3 cents, giving us about $1.70 a day in storage charges. So it's very cheap. Right.

Speaker B: Is there any difference between the using fulfillment centers and the inbound hubs when it comes to the storage fee?

Speaker A: Yeah. So you should think of the inbound hub as a transfer facility. The goods don't stay there. The goods arrive at the hub, they get repackaged and shipped to all of the fulfillment centers.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah,

Speaker B: that answers my question. So it's always the same thing?

Speaker A: Yes. Yeah. The last slide here that I want to touch on is called non compliant inbounds or ncis. Now the prep guidelines that I'm going to send you, Saham, will cover all of this, but I just want to make sure that it is on your radar. There's two kinds of NCIS that you need to look for. First one is an inbound incident. So this is when maybe you send us products that the barcode isn't scannable for whatever reason. Or maybe you said you're going to send us blue products and you send us red. Anything that's a mismatch or what we're not expecting has a penalty or a fee. And the same on the left hand side, if you're sending palletized goods, and let's say your truck doesn't show up for the appointment or they Cancel Less than 24 hours ahead of time, there are fees for that as well. So again, as long as the warehouse follows all of our guidelines, you'll never have to worry about this. But it is good to have on your radar. Perfect. That's everything that I had on my deck. I know we have a little bit of time left, so I want to see if there's anything else I can answer you at the moment, I think

Speaker B: all the questions that I had I already asked. If one more question that I'd like to ask is for TikTok shop, is it an option to, let's say people view our product using the TikTok shop and can we redirect them to, let's say, our Amazon page from where they can check out, or is that not on outlet at all?

Speaker A: The short answer is redirected traffic is a violation and so your account or your content will be suppressed. That's the short answer. So if you have a TikTok shop and you have products in FBT, your product's going to get boosted. If you're trying to send to Amazon, it's going to do the opposite. Right.

Speaker B: And the reason I asked is like, let's say the way we have it set up on our website, currently if someone wants to buy from our website, they are sent to Amazon. So that way operationally it's more simple. That's the reason I was asking.

Speaker A: Got it, Got it. That makes sense. Elena, I got the shop code. Thank you for sending me that. So I'm going to go ahead and white list you so you'll have full access after this call. Great. Thank you.

Speaker B: Awesome. Okay,

Speaker A: perfect. Well, I will shoot over a recap. I'll send you the deck. I'll send you the inbound prep guidelines as well as all your next steps to get set up and going. There's some helpful links that'll show you how to do everything. It'll take you like barely 10 minutes to get ready to go, but if you run into any questions at all, always feel free to reach out.

Speaker B: Sure. Sounds good. Marcus, thank you so much.

Speaker A: Thank you. Great. Lovely to meet you all. We'll talk soon. Bye.

Speaker B: Bye now.

