Transcript for: Recording__710.mp4
Title: Recording #710
============================================================

Doing well. What about you? I am doing good. Ready to talk about short eye and long E and all those super fun things? Yeah. Well, yeah, I have been practicing. I have practiced two days this week. Not all seven days. I mean, honestly, who has time to sit down all seven days? Besides, we haven't even gone over the full extension of long E yet, so. Okay. It's going to be much better today anyways. Okay. Before we go into long E though, update me on your practice. So I did send those minimal pairs and a little bit of a comparison sheet. We briefly talked about how short I was kind of wrapping up at the end there. What are some things that you've been noticing as you practice? Short I, you said we discussed about how short I is wrapping up in the end. Yeah. So at the end of last class, when we were comparing short I and long E, your short I was a little bit clearer. So by itself, if you're a number, your short I was maybe kind of crossing territory into either short E or sounding like long E not really itself. But when you were comparing it, the minimal pairs between short I and long E, short I sounded better. When you were specifically avoiding making other sounds, the short I was sounding a bit better. So. Got it. What are some things that you noticed on during practice? Well, I was listening to your examples, the recording that you sent me, and also the link. Hey, I mean, I will say that I can understand the difference, but even now I think it's I. I realize that the short E and short I, they are not, of course, not same, but they're quite close to each other. And if you compare short I with short E, I see the difference. Even when you record and say that identify the ones that are long E. The last one that you sent was long E versus a short I. I can understand that. I. I think I got all of those right. So something that I realized today is. Short, my short E, even short E is. I mean, I can do it better now, but still, it's kind of close to close to long E sometimes. Might be sometimes close to long E. Are you sure E is close to long E? Might be. I'm just saying I. I don't know how I should describe that, but I just feel that short E and short I are quite close to each other. They are for. Yeah, very close to each other. So I have got a better sense of short I now, but I would say it's probably still not. I'm still not 100% confident. Fair enough. Yeah. So let's put short E Kind of on the back burner for a minute because short E was. It was fine. I would like to polish it up at some point, but for right now, it's not really. It's not as bad as sure I, where short I is sounding specifically like other vowels, if that makes sense. So you said that you did get a chance to check all the answers and everything like that on this sheet that I sent over. I just. I mean, I couldn't find the answer sheet, by the way, so I just listened to your recording and I mean, I think that I got everything correctly. I mean, I understand where long e is. Where long I is. All right, so one thing that I did mention is in the. In the recording, I think this is the right recording where there were the minimal pairs and then there were the sentences. Yeah. And then there were the no context. Yes. Yeah. So I did send the answer sheet for that yesterday. Yeah, yeah, it was a. It was a little late, so you might have not had time. Oh, maybe look over it. But it. I did send it along with the link. Okay, so do. Do go ahead and check that. But one thing I did mention in the recording is that sometimes it's easier to tell what a word is when there is context. So did you find that there was a difference when you did your listening to the context words versus the no context words? Well, even. Even for the no context words, I understand where the long e is and where the short I short I's are. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Hopefully we'll be able to get to some listening. Definitely do the listening. Again, do check that sheet if you get a chance. Because the goal, of course, is that these two sounds will be completely separate for native speakers. You know, it's very easy to tell them apart. They're very, very different from each other. So eventually, hopefully getting to that point, but right now, working on the pronunciation for that. Can you remind me last time we talked about something called why position and why sound? By the way, you know what? Your video today is so much pixelated. I don't know why that is. Yeah, I'm not sure. Yeah, I'm not sure. Do you want me to disconnect and then call you back? If you want. If it's. If it's bothering you, I can. I can't see you. Okay. Let me. Let me just call you again. Foreign. Is it better? Yeah, it is better. Yeah. Okay, good. It. It looks the same to me. So maybe it's just how it's translating on your end. Yeah, maybe. Okay. Anyway, so can you remind me what we were talking about last time with the why. Yes, the why. We were talking about why because. Well, you know what? Okay, this is what I remember about why. I forgot exactly why we were talking about why. Why? I remember that in the document, it said that if I know how to pronounce Y, the Y sound, then it will help me with other vowels, especially the long vowels, because that's where it starts for many of the vowels. For long U, for example, it ends there. That's what I remember. Other way around. Oh, I'm sorry. No, it's all good. But yes, that's. It is how it is, and we'll see that in context. But tell me how to make the Y sound in position. Okay, so the Y sound is like yaw sound. It's the tongue it doesn't touch, but it almost touches the upper palette near the canine teeth. And then you move the tongue down to make the complete sound. Yeah, right. Yeah. So where is the Y position, specifically? So if you remember, there's a difference between the position and the sound. The position and Sorry. Yes. So there's a difference between the Y position and the Y sound, if you remember. So the position is just the first part you were describing. Where the tongue is at the top. Yeah. The back will be at the top, all the way at the top, until the canine teeth. It will be a little bit lower, but it will be at the very top as far as it could go without touching a little bit down at the canine teeth. That's the position, and that is what shows up in many different vowels. And then the actual sound is when it drops. Yeah. If I state Y sound, you know, you're going to go into the position and then the drop. So if I say, like, the word yellow has the Y sound, you know, it's going to be like all the way up. Yellow. Yellow. Or if I say, oh, that symbol is the Y sound, you know, it's the full sound. But with the Y position, like you said, it's just that one part. Now, a lot of vowels have just that one part. They don't have the full drop. So if I say, oh, yeah, and then go into Y position, you don't want to be like, yeah, you don't want to do the full thing. It's just the position. We're going to see that in context today. Got it. You know, seem just. Sorry to stop you again, but then video has totally froze, frozen today, and I cannot see you at all. Annoying. Hold on. Still frozen. Yes. And now. Now it's you move for a while now. Okay, now I cannot see your doll. Something's wrong with either my WI fi or your so. No, no, I can see you, but it's pixelated, so probably we'll have to just be okay with this today. Yeah, I mean, I could hang up, move to a new room and recall you real quick. Okay, sure. Let's try that. Okay, let me do that. Long E. Where is that? Ah, long E. Yes, I'm there. Read it. All right. In English, there are some vowel sounds that are long, meaning they're moving and complex, involving the use of two or more mouth positions. In order to master the sound, it is necessary to learn all of the positions and bring them together in rapid succession. When a vowel is long, it is not necessary to stretch the sound unless you are stressing the word. You may say the sound very quickly, but it is still long because it is complex with multiple tongue positions. The first position in this sound is common in many languages. We'll refer to it as a Latin I. This position involves arcing the middle of the tongue up in the center, very close to the palate or the roof of the mouth. After this, the tongue moves forward into the second position, which is a Y. As in. Yes, this position is formed by pushing the arc to the front of the tongue close to the Aha. I think I also said this incorrectly. I said upper palate, but it's the avular ridge on or the bump behind the top teeth. This creates a vibration that is felt both on the tip of the tongue and the alveolar ridge. The movement from lati to Y is very small with only a few millimeters between the two. Okay, but without this forward movement, the long E can be mistaken for a short I, which is the discussion in another lesson. These two positions must be made in rapid succession for the standard American pronunciation. Any accentuation or pause, especially on the second position, may sound in. May result in a non standard regional accent. And then. So a lot of this we've already got over before, right? I mean, the movement. We didn't talk about that, but yes, we talked about the Y position and the. I believe here the tongue position starts a little bit higher in the middle compared to even short I Forget, short I. Sorry, short E. Yeah, yeah. Short e and short I are actually very low in the mouth compared to many different sounds. So we did talk about the first part. It says this is complex, it's moving. So we talked about the difference between short vowel, which. What are short vowels? Short vowels. That has just One tongue position. It doesn't. Yes. And then this one has multiple. So it's complex. So you're not going to be stretching it out, but you will be moving it. So that's the first paragraph, and then the second paragraph talks about exactly what is happening. Okay. Yeah. So what is happening? How do we make this sound? And we could also look at that in the diagram to the second page. Yeah. Do you only read that? Oh, no, you already read it. Just tell me in your own words while looking at the diagram, if you would like, what exactly is happening? Because sometimes people read it and then they explain it very differently. Okay. So at the first position, it moves from position one to position two. The first position is the tongue is arced in the middle, and it almost very. It's very close to the roof. And then it moves. That arc moves to. Towards the. I mean, front. And I mean, the final position is the standard Y position. Yes. Yeah. Which. What is the Y position again? The Y position is the tongue will be arced in the front, and I mean, it will almost touch the roof, but not touch the roof. Near the canine teeth. Yeah. So be careful with that. Arced in the front. It is arced in the entire mouth. So you could see in the picture, the whole tongue is up at the roof except for the tip. So sometimes people have. Some of my students have been like, oh, it's arc to the front. Yeah. And then they. They do it kind of like this. Yeah, I also did that. Whole tongue is up. The whole thing. How is that possible? Well, close your mouth. Yeah. Where's your tongue when your mouth is closed? Yeah, I mean, I can. If it is closed, then I can do that. But if my jaw is open, then it's hard to do. Close your mouth and then open your jaw just a little while keeping your tongue at the top of your mouth. Okay, yeah, yeah, I see. Yeah. Yeah. So it's going to be basically like that, like where it's top your mouth, but you're going to lower it just a little bit. It will be very close to the top of your mouth, except for the tip. You only want to make sure there's enough room for error. Okay. All right. And if you see one more thing on the second part, it says, arch the front of your tongue and push it towards a Y sound. And then it says IPA and it shows J. Aha. Yeah, it does. In ipa, J is Y. Because lots of languages use J as a Y sound. So when it came to the International Phonetic Alphabet, J is Y. Okay. Just Just if you see that in ipa. Got it. There is that little switch there. Yeah. All right. Any questions before you go into the fun example words? Well, so first of all, regarding the word arc or arch, how is it pronounced? Arch. Arc. So arc is the verb. Okay. And then arch is if you see, like the noun, a building, like an arch. Okay, got it. Yes, got it. Okay. Okay. One more thing is I, whenever you are pronouncing yellow, I, I. Although it's. Yeah, it's going to be. Anyway, so when you pronounce the word yellow, I see how you do it is different from how I do it. So I'm like. Like that pronunciation is different when you do that. So is it because of the E or is it because of the Y? Well, why don't you tell me? So would you make this word yellow? Yeah. When you say yellow, what are some other sound. What are other words that start with why? Yield. Yellow yield you. Yes. Yeah, things like that. Why don't you try saying some words that start with Y? Because if you're ever wondering, oh, is it this word or this sound? Try to find other words with that sound. Because if you say, yes, yellow yield you, things like that. Yes, yellow yield you, yak, things like that, and you figure out, oh, I say all of them the same except yellow, you know, you're just saying Y weird in that sound. So why don't you try saying a few that start with that and then tell me what your tongue is doing for the. Yeah, okay. Yellow. Yes, you yield. I think for yellow, it's probably the E2. I think it's because of the E, isn't it? What do you think? Please tell me. That's what I think. Sounds it. It. Well, where is your. Yeah, I didn't practice. Why that much. So. I don't know. I. When you make. Like I said, make the sound. Yes, yellow, yield you. And tell me, where does it start out? Okay. Yes. So if you're about to make the sound like. Yes, yes, yellow, yield. Got it. Got it. Okay. You. Okay. Where does your tongue start out? Aha. I see. Yes, yes. Yellow. Yellow. I see that the tongue is at least in the very beginning. It's how it should be for Y. It's arcing in the top. It's almost. Most of it is in the top. Like towards the top of mouth. Yeah. So I see that for Y at least. And then what do you want me to observe? What should I observe? What else? So it does sound like maybe your tongue is more in the front for the Y. When you said like yield, for example, it almost sounded like long E. Like yield, yield. Yeah, I. I found that similarity when I was pronouncing Y. It's like E. Like is E sound there. And then it's somehow. I mean. I mean, it's Y actually. So yellow. Yeah. Maybe I'm. There is something that I have to distinguish between long e and then. It might be helpful. Yeah, it might be helpful if we go over the rest of the long E today. Yes. And then you go over log E and Y and compare those for practice. Sure. Okay, let's do that. Yes. So let's go ahead and go to examples. I'm going to read, of course, the first few, and then I'll have you. So I'll read the first three. I'll have you take over. So he. We leaf. Funny. Meet. Feel ready. Rainy beach. Tear deep scenery. Go ahead and finish up the rest. She. That tongue movement. I cannot even feel that. Yeah, definitely a short eye right there. I have to be careful. Cheese. Please leave. Peter Braid. What? I'm sorry, Beard. Beard. Yeah. Beard ear. Yield. See? Beer ear. Yeah. So I noticed both with the yield and year, you didn't actually make the Y sound. You skipped straight into the long E. So you. You didn't have your tongue go down and then back up like year. Like yield, yield. Because you have to go down for the Y yield. Not as much for this one, but you have to go down a bit. Yield. You just went straight into yield. Eel. Eel. So it didn't go down that Y sound. No. Your tongue skips straight into while I'm up here. And then went into long E. Okay. Which you don't have to drop it as much for yield versus, like, yellow, but you still do have to drop it. Okay. For everything else. Did you hear that the long for some of them were closer to long E. Some of them were definitely more of a short I sound. Yeah. Okay. So that's what I did. You were saying, right? Yes. Did you hear it? Yes. I had trouble doing that for some words. Now I have to identify which ones those are. Yeah, go ahead. You could read those again and let me know which one you think you did. Maybe good at which one you think you did. I cannot even imagine that it's. He. That's. That has a long E in it. How He. He. Yeah, He. He. Yeah. Okay. But I'm not making any, like, tongue movement. He. It's just the tongue touching the upper palate in the middle. That's it. I feel the tongue movement is Very subtle here. And it. You do have to move it a little bit. But right now let's just focus on getting the tongue into the basic right position. Reread your words and tell me which ones you think you did good and which one's not. Okay, we have two more minutes left. Okay. He. We leave. Funny. Meet. Feel. Read. Rainy Beach. I don't know how pronounced it anyway. Tear. Deep. Scenery. Try not to stretch it out too much. If you're over stressing it, you're not going to pronounce it correctly, try saying it more how you naturally would. Okay. And just try to notice. Try to notice without. Yeah. Okay. Sheet. Eat. Cheese. Please leave. Peter Beard. Ear. Yield. See? Beer ear. All right, so what are some where you definitely noticed? Oh, yeah. I'm not doing this correctly because there were some definitely. I think in most cases that's just. Again, my opinion. In most cases, I'm not doing that proper movement. That should be there. It's mostly, I think, just one position. Maybe there are some in. There may be some others for sure. But there were some where it sounded closer. Just listening wise. Okay, so for example, sheet versus. How did you pronounce it? Sheet. Yeah, different word. Eat. Yeah. Same thing with. With beach. Beach. You know what? It's B, I, T. Sorry. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's. That's. This is why long E is the most important sound anyway, so. Actually, let's skip the sentences because I want time to go over a very important study tip. If you want to open the long E. Practice. Okay, let's. Let's do that. Practice. I'm there. Okay, read the first five for initial, long E. Just the words. Okay. Element, shorty or long E. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. Sorry. I opened the wrong one. Practice. Shit. Got it. Okay, the first five. Eat. Here. Easy. Eat even. Steven. Equal opportunity. Ejection. Yeah. Nope. First five. Yeah. Same thing with the medial. Medial. A big sneeze at the beach meeting today. Mean temperature, median T shirt. Team player. Okay. Five. Five. You're gonna have to go back to math class. All right, so. And then do the final. So how do you. How do you feel you've been pronouncing them so far? Bee sting. T. Coffee. Oak tree. Flea market. Master's degree. So did you notice a difference between when they're at the beginning, middle, or end? No, I have to really take the time to pronounce them and then observe. But otherwise I. It's difficult for me to. I mean, realize what I'm doing. Yeah, I think it would be very Helpful for sure, if you do a recording and then listen to your recording. Because right now, especially when we're doing minimal pairs, it's important to be able to listen for the difference and feel for the difference. Yes. So what I think might be helpful is on Accent Advisor, we actually have an audio for all the practice sheets. So it might be helpful for you to listen to the audio for this practice sheet so that you can listen to the long E properly. Go back to the minimal pairs for short I and long E. The ones I sent you kind of get used to listening for the difference because I want you to be able to listen for when you are pronouncing it as long E properly versus when you accidentally use short I. So what I want you to do is I want you to record yourself. No specific number, just however much you have time for how much you want to do that day. You know, I'm not going to tell you to do every single word and sentence on the practice sheet, but take a good grouping of ones at the beginning, middle and the end for the practice sheet. And I want you to listen because one of them, beginning, middle and end, you're doing well. And the other two need work. So I want you to actually record and then listen to them because sometimes it's easier to listen after. That way you're not focusing on the sound and trying to listen at the same time. But I want you to message me and say, hey, this is the one I think I'm doing good with. And I'm going to send back and be like, okay, here's why that is, because there's a very specific reason and here's what to do with it. So I want you to do that recording practice. And then for step two, you know, I want you to message me before next class if you're able to. Here's which one I'm doing well, here's how I feel about the others. And then I'm going to give you a follow up assignment once you message me. Okay? Okay. Okay. All right. Thank you so much. Of course. Do you have any questions? No, not so. All right, perfect. Let me know if anything comes up. Make sure to do that.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Doing well. What about you?

Speaker B: I am doing good. Ready to talk about short eye and long E and all those super fun things?

Speaker A: Yeah. Well, yeah, I have been practicing. I have practiced two days this week. Not all seven days.

Speaker B: I mean, honestly, who has time to sit down all seven days? Besides, we haven't even gone over the full extension of long E yet, so.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: It's going to be much better today anyways.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Before we go into long E though, update me on your practice. So I did send those minimal pairs and a little bit of a comparison sheet. We briefly talked about how short I was kind of wrapping up at the end there. What are some things that you've been noticing as you practice?

Speaker A: Short I, you said we discussed about how short I is wrapping up in the end.

Speaker B: Yeah. So at the end of last class, when we were comparing short I and long E, your short I was a little bit clearer. So by itself, if you're a number, your short I was maybe kind of crossing territory into either short E or sounding like long E not really itself. But when you were comparing it, the minimal pairs between short I and long E, short I sounded better. When you were specifically avoiding making other sounds, the short I was sounding a bit better. So.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: What are some things that you noticed on during practice?

Speaker A: Well, I was listening to your examples, the recording that you sent me, and also the link. Hey, I mean, I will say that I can understand the difference, but even now I think it's I. I realize that the short E and short I, they are not, of course, not same, but they're quite close to each other. And if you compare short I with short E, I see the difference. Even when you record and say that identify the ones that are long E. The last one that you sent was long E versus a short I. I can understand that. I. I think I got all of those right. So something that I realized today is. Short, my short E, even short E is. I mean, I can do it better now, but still, it's kind of close to close to long E sometimes. Might be sometimes close to long E.

Speaker B: Are you sure E is close to long E?

Speaker A: Might be. I'm just saying I. I don't know how I should describe that, but I just feel that short E and short I are quite close to each other. They are for. Yeah, very close to each other. So I have got a better sense of short I now, but I would say it's probably still not. I'm still not 100% confident.

Speaker B: Fair enough. Yeah. So let's put short E Kind of on the back burner for a minute because short E was. It was fine. I would like to polish it up at some point, but for right now, it's not really. It's not as bad as sure I, where short I is sounding specifically like other vowels, if that makes sense. So you said that you did get a chance to check all the answers and everything like that on this sheet that I sent over.

Speaker A: I just. I mean, I couldn't find the answer sheet, by the way, so I just listened to your recording and I mean, I think that I got everything correctly. I mean, I understand where long e is. Where long I is.

Speaker B: All right, so one thing that I did mention is in the. In the recording, I think this is the right recording where there were the minimal pairs and then there were the sentences.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And then there were the no context.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah. So I did send the answer sheet for that yesterday. Yeah, yeah, it was a. It was a little late, so you might have not had time.

Speaker A: Oh, maybe look over it.

Speaker B: But it. I did send it along with the link. Okay, so do. Do go ahead and check that. But one thing I did mention in the recording is that sometimes it's easier to tell what a word is when there is context. So did you find that there was a difference when you did your listening to the context words versus the no context words?

Speaker A: Well, even. Even for the no context words, I understand where the long e is and where the short I short I's are.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. All right. Hopefully we'll be able to get to some listening. Definitely do the listening. Again, do check that sheet if you get a chance. Because the goal, of course, is that these two sounds will be completely separate for native speakers. You know, it's very easy to tell them apart. They're very, very different from each other. So eventually, hopefully getting to that point, but right now, working on the pronunciation for that. Can you remind me last time we talked about something called why position and why sound?

Speaker A: By the way, you know what? Your video today is so much pixelated. I don't know why that is.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm not sure. Yeah, I'm not sure.

Speaker A: Do you want me to disconnect and then call you back?

Speaker B: If you want. If it's. If it's bothering you, I can.

Speaker A: I can't see you. Okay. Let me. Let me just call you again. Foreign. Is it better?

Speaker B: Yeah, it is better.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, good. It. It looks the same to me. So maybe it's just how it's translating on your end.

Speaker A: Yeah, maybe.

Speaker B: Okay. Anyway, so can you remind me what we were talking about last time with the why.

Speaker A: Yes, the why. We were talking about why because. Well, you know what? Okay, this is what I remember about why. I forgot exactly why we were talking about why. Why? I remember that in the document, it said that if I know how to pronounce Y, the Y sound, then it will help me with other vowels, especially the long vowels, because that's where it starts for many of the vowels. For long U, for example, it ends there. That's what I remember.

Speaker B: Other way around.

Speaker A: Oh, I'm sorry.

Speaker B: No, it's all good. But yes, that's. It is how it is, and we'll see that in context. But tell me how to make the Y sound in position.

Speaker A: Okay, so the Y sound is like yaw sound. It's the tongue it doesn't touch, but it almost touches the upper palette near the canine teeth. And then you move the tongue down to make the complete sound. Yeah, right.

Speaker B: Yeah. So where is the Y position, specifically? So if you remember, there's a difference between the position and the sound.

Speaker A: The position and Sorry.

Speaker B: Yes. So there's a difference between the Y position and the Y sound, if you remember. So the position is just the first part you were describing. Where the tongue is at the top.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: The back will be at the top, all the way at the top, until the canine teeth. It will be a little bit lower, but it will be at the very top as far as it could go without touching a little bit down at the canine teeth. That's the position, and that is what shows up in many different vowels. And then the actual sound is when it drops.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: If I state Y sound, you know, you're going to go into the position and then the drop. So if I say, like, the word yellow has the Y sound, you know, it's going to be like all the way up. Yellow. Yellow. Or if I say, oh, that symbol is the Y sound, you know, it's the full sound. But with the Y position, like you said, it's just that one part. Now, a lot of vowels have just that one part. They don't have the full drop. So if I say, oh, yeah, and then go into Y position, you don't want to be like, yeah, you don't want to do the full thing. It's just the position. We're going to see that in context today.

Speaker A: Got it. You know, seem just. Sorry to stop you again, but then video has totally froze, frozen today, and I cannot see you at all.

Speaker B: Annoying. Hold on. Still frozen.

Speaker A: Yes. And now. Now it's you move for a while now. Okay, now I cannot see your doll. Something's wrong with either my WI fi or your

Speaker B: so.

Speaker A: No, no, I can see you, but it's pixelated, so probably we'll have to just be okay with this today.

Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, I could hang up, move to a new room and recall you real quick.

Speaker A: Okay, sure. Let's try that. Okay, let me do that. Long E. Where is that? Ah, long E. Yes, I'm there.

Speaker B: Read it.

Speaker A: All right. In English, there are some vowel sounds that are long, meaning they're moving and complex, involving the use of two or more mouth positions. In order to master the sound, it is necessary to learn all of the positions and bring them together in rapid succession. When a vowel is long, it is not necessary to stretch the sound unless you are stressing the word. You may say the sound very quickly, but it is still long because it is complex with multiple tongue positions. The first position in this sound is common in many languages. We'll refer to it as a Latin I. This position involves arcing the middle of the tongue up in the center, very close to the palate or the roof of the mouth. After this, the tongue moves forward into the second position, which is a Y. As in. Yes, this position is formed by pushing the arc to the front of the tongue close to the Aha. I think I also said this incorrectly. I said upper palate, but it's the avular ridge on or the bump behind the top teeth. This creates a vibration that is felt both on the tip of the tongue and the alveolar ridge. The movement from lati to Y is very small with only a few millimeters between the two. Okay, but without this forward movement, the long E can be mistaken for a short I, which is the discussion in another lesson. These two positions must be made in rapid succession for the standard American pronunciation. Any accentuation or pause, especially on the second position, may sound in. May result in a non standard regional accent. And then.

Speaker B: So a lot of this we've already got over before, right?

Speaker A: I mean, the movement. We didn't talk about that, but yes, we talked about the Y position and the. I believe here the tongue position starts a little bit higher in the middle compared to even short I Forget, short I. Sorry, short E. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Short e and short I are actually very low in the mouth compared to many different sounds. So we did talk about the first part. It says this is complex, it's moving. So we talked about the difference between short vowel, which. What are short vowels?

Speaker A: Short vowels. That has just One tongue position. It doesn't.

Speaker B: Yes. And then this one has multiple. So it's complex. So you're not going to be stretching it out, but you will be moving it. So that's the first paragraph, and then the second paragraph talks about exactly what is happening.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker B: So what is happening? How do we make this sound? And we could also look at that in the diagram to the second page.

Speaker A: Yeah. Do you only read that?

Speaker B: Oh, no, you already read it. Just tell me in your own words while looking at the diagram, if you would like, what exactly is happening? Because sometimes people read it and then they explain it very differently.

Speaker A: Okay. So at the first position, it moves from position one to position two. The first position is the tongue is arced in the middle, and it almost very. It's very close to the roof. And then it moves. That arc moves to. Towards the. I mean, front. And I mean, the final position is the standard Y position.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Which. What is the Y position again?

Speaker A: The Y position is the tongue will be arced in the front, and I mean, it will almost touch the roof, but not touch the roof. Near the canine teeth.

Speaker B: Yeah. So be careful with that. Arced in the front. It is arced in the entire mouth. So you could see in the picture, the whole tongue is up at the roof except for the tip. So sometimes people have. Some of my students have been like, oh, it's arc to the front.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And then they. They do it kind of like this.

Speaker A: Yeah, I also did that.

Speaker B: Whole tongue is up. The whole thing.

Speaker A: How is that possible?

Speaker B: Well, close your mouth.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Where's your tongue when your mouth is closed?

Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I can. If it is closed, then I can do that. But if my jaw is open, then it's hard to do.

Speaker B: Close your mouth and then open your jaw just a little while keeping your tongue at the top of your mouth.

Speaker A: Okay, yeah, yeah, I see. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. So it's going to be basically like that, like where it's top your mouth, but you're going to lower it just a little bit. It will be very close to the top of your mouth, except for the tip. You only want to make sure there's enough room for error.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: All right. And if you see one more thing on the second part, it says, arch the front of your tongue and push it towards a Y sound. And then it says IPA and it shows J. Aha.

Speaker A: Yeah, it does.

Speaker B: In ipa, J is Y. Because lots of languages use J as a Y sound. So when it came to the International Phonetic Alphabet, J is Y.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Just Just if you see that in ipa.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: There is that little switch there.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: All right. Any questions before you go into the fun example words?

Speaker A: Well, so first of all, regarding the word arc or arch, how is it pronounced? Arch.

Speaker B: Arc. So arc is the verb.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And then arch is if you see, like the noun, a building, like an arch.

Speaker A: Okay, got it.

Speaker B: Yes, got it.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. One more thing is I, whenever you are pronouncing yellow, I, I. Although it's. Yeah, it's going to be. Anyway, so when you pronounce the word yellow, I see how you do it is different from how I do it. So I'm like. Like that pronunciation is different when you do that. So is it because of the E or is it because of the Y?

Speaker B: Well, why don't you tell me? So would you make this word yellow?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: When you say yellow, what are some other sound. What are other words that start with why?

Speaker A: Yield.

Speaker B: Yellow yield you. Yes. Yeah, things like that. Why don't you try saying some words that start with Y? Because if you're ever wondering, oh, is it this word or this sound? Try to find other words with that sound. Because if you say, yes, yellow yield you, things like that. Yes, yellow yield you, yak, things like that, and you figure out, oh, I say all of them the same except yellow, you know, you're just saying Y weird in that sound. So why don't you try saying a few that start with that and then tell me what your tongue is doing for the.

Speaker A: Yeah, okay. Yellow. Yes, you yield. I think for yellow, it's probably the E2. I think it's because of the E, isn't it? What do you think? Please tell me. That's what I think.

Speaker B: Sounds it. It. Well, where is your.

Speaker A: Yeah, I didn't practice. Why that much. So. I don't know. I.

Speaker B: When you make. Like I said, make the sound. Yes, yellow, yield you. And tell me, where does it start out?

Speaker A: Okay. Yes.

Speaker B: So if you're about to make the sound like. Yes, yes, yellow, yield.

Speaker A: Got it. Got it. Okay.

Speaker B: You. Okay. Where does your tongue start out?

Speaker A: Aha. I see. Yes, yes. Yellow. Yellow. I see that the tongue is at least in the very beginning. It's how it should be for Y. It's arcing in the top. It's almost. Most of it is in the top. Like towards the top of mouth. Yeah. So I see that for Y at least. And then what do you want me to observe? What should I observe? What else?

Speaker B: So it does sound like maybe your tongue is more in the front for the Y. When you said like yield, for example, it almost sounded like long E. Like yield, yield.

Speaker A: Yeah, I. I found that similarity when I was pronouncing Y. It's like E. Like is E sound there. And then it's somehow. I mean. I mean, it's Y actually. So yellow.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Maybe I'm. There is something that I have to distinguish between long e and then.

Speaker B: It might be helpful. Yeah, it might be helpful if we go over the rest of the long E today.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: And then you go over log E and Y and compare those for practice.

Speaker A: Sure. Okay, let's do that.

Speaker B: Yes. So let's go ahead and go to examples. I'm going to read, of course, the first few, and then I'll have you. So I'll read the first three. I'll have you take over. So he. We leaf. Funny. Meet. Feel ready. Rainy beach. Tear deep scenery. Go ahead and finish up the rest.

Speaker A: She. That tongue movement. I cannot even feel that.

Speaker B: Yeah, definitely a short eye right there. I have to be careful.

Speaker A: Cheese. Please leave. Peter Braid. What? I'm sorry, Beard.

Speaker B: Beard.

Speaker A: Yeah. Beard ear. Yield. See? Beer ear.

Speaker B: Yeah. So I noticed both with the yield and year, you didn't actually make the Y sound. You skipped straight into the long E. So you. You didn't have your tongue go down and then back up like year. Like yield, yield. Because you have to go down for the Y yield. Not as much for this one, but you have to go down a bit. Yield. You just went straight into yield. Eel. Eel.

Speaker A: So it didn't go down that Y sound.

Speaker B: No. Your tongue skips straight into while I'm up here. And then went into long E. Okay. Which you don't have to drop it as much for yield versus, like, yellow, but you still do have to drop it. Okay. For everything else. Did you hear that the long for some of them were closer to long E. Some of them were definitely more of a short I sound.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. So that's what I did. You were saying, right?

Speaker B: Yes. Did you hear it?

Speaker A: Yes. I had trouble doing that for some words. Now I have to identify which ones those are.

Speaker B: Yeah, go ahead. You could read those again and let me know which one you think you did. Maybe good at which one you think you did.

Speaker A: I cannot even imagine that it's. He. That's. That has a long E in it. How He. He.

Speaker B: Yeah, He.

Speaker A: He.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. But I'm not making any, like, tongue movement. He. It's just the tongue touching the upper palate in the middle. That's it.

Speaker B: I feel the tongue movement is Very subtle here. And it. You do have to move it a little bit. But right now let's just focus on getting the tongue into the basic right position. Reread your words and tell me which ones you think you did good and which one's not. Okay, we have two more minutes left.

Speaker A: Okay. He. We leave. Funny. Meet. Feel. Read. Rainy Beach. I don't know how pronounced it anyway. Tear. Deep. Scenery.

Speaker B: Try not to stretch it out too much. If you're over stressing it, you're not going to pronounce it correctly, try saying it more how you naturally would.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And just try to notice. Try to notice without. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Sheet. Eat. Cheese. Please leave. Peter Beard. Ear. Yield. See? Beer ear.

Speaker B: All right, so what are some where you definitely noticed? Oh, yeah. I'm not doing this correctly because there were some definitely.

Speaker A: I think in most cases that's just. Again, my opinion. In most cases, I'm not doing that proper movement. That should be there. It's mostly, I think, just one position. Maybe there are some in. There may be some others for sure.

Speaker B: But there were some where it sounded closer. Just listening wise. Okay, so for example, sheet versus. How did you pronounce it?

Speaker A: Sheet.

Speaker B: Yeah, different word.

Speaker A: Eat.

Speaker B: Yeah. Same thing with. With beach.

Speaker A: Beach. You know what? It's B, I, T. Sorry. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: So that's. That's. This is why long E is the most important sound anyway, so. Actually, let's skip the sentences because I want time to go over a very important study tip. If you want to open the long E. Practice.

Speaker A: Okay, let's. Let's do that. Practice. I'm there.

Speaker B: Okay, read the first five for initial, long E. Just the words.

Speaker A: Okay. Element, shorty or long E. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. Sorry. I opened the wrong one. Practice. Shit. Got it. Okay, the first five. Eat. Here. Easy. Eat even. Steven. Equal opportunity. Ejection. Yeah.

Speaker B: Nope. First five.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Same thing with the medial.

Speaker A: Medial. A big sneeze at the beach meeting today. Mean temperature, median T shirt. Team player. Okay. Five.

Speaker B: Five. You're gonna have to go back to math class. All right, so. And then do the final. So how do you. How do you feel you've been pronouncing them so far?

Speaker A: Bee sting. T. Coffee. Oak tree. Flea market. Master's degree.

Speaker B: So did you notice a difference between when they're at the beginning, middle, or end?

Speaker A: No, I have to really take the time to pronounce them and then observe. But otherwise I. It's difficult for me to. I mean, realize what I'm doing.

Speaker B: Yeah, I think it would be very Helpful for sure, if you do a recording and then listen to your recording. Because right now, especially when we're doing minimal pairs, it's important to be able to listen for the difference and feel for the difference.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: So what I think might be helpful is on Accent Advisor, we actually have an audio for all the practice sheets. So it might be helpful for you to listen to the audio for this practice sheet so that you can listen to the long E properly. Go back to the minimal pairs for short I and long E. The ones I sent you kind of get used to listening for the difference because I want you to be able to listen for when you are pronouncing it as long E properly versus when you accidentally use short I. So what I want you to do is I want you to record yourself. No specific number, just however much you have time for how much you want to do that day. You know, I'm not going to tell you to do every single word and sentence on the practice sheet, but take a good grouping of ones at the beginning, middle and the end for the practice sheet. And I want you to listen because one of them, beginning, middle and end, you're doing well. And the other two need work. So I want you to actually record and then listen to them because sometimes it's easier to listen after. That way you're not focusing on the sound and trying to listen at the same time. But I want you to message me and say, hey, this is the one I think I'm doing good with. And I'm going to send back and be like, okay, here's why that is, because there's a very specific reason and here's what to do with it. So I want you to do that recording practice. And then for step two, you know, I want you to message me before next class if you're able to. Here's which one I'm doing well, here's how I feel about the others. And then I'm going to give you a follow up assignment once you message me. Okay?

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. All right. Thank you so much.

Speaker B: Of course. Do you have any questions?

Speaker A: No, not so.

Speaker B: All right, perfect. Let me know if anything comes up. Make sure to do that.

