Transcript for: Recording__951.mp4
Title: Recording #951
============================================================

Did it? Follow me. Can you see my. I can see your screen. My screen? Yes. What we have to decide is this here is. Do I print one? Can you see this Master Tracker on the left? Well, the name of the file is called Master Tracker. No, I cannot. Oh, okay, let me show. I tried to share my entire screen. Entire screen. Okay, let me try that again. Okay, so Master Tracker. Can you see Master Tracker? I can. Yeah. This right? It's moving. Yeah, it's moving. Okay, perfect. So here's the. I have to decide between, like, for sure we want to do in yellow. So we want to do Canada protein cups. We're ready to go. Hot chocolate. We're ready to go. And the multivitamin. There's some forms we have to fill out. Like there's a bunch of stuff that Vanessa didn't finish. So I'm just very frustrated. But that's why she's not with us anymore. Because it's just like, like nothing was getting done and hours were being built. So these three are for sure. But now what you kind of have to decide is, do we also do us Amazon? So this will be Amazon. Like all of this would be sold on Amazon. So back when Matt did his tracking chart, which is this, what I kind of had and I think I showed you quickly, is like, hey, you know, how much do you want us? How much do you think you'll sell per month? And I don't buy these numbers. Right. 3, 500. Like, I'm not, I'm not spending all of this money to make all of these units. Unless, like, he's a hundred percent sure. But those are huge numbers. So, like, I don't know if I shared this chart with you. You did before. Yes, you did. I mean, you sent it to me. Downloaded and sent it to me before. But sure, you can share it with me too. I'll share it. Let me read, let me share it. Like, let. Matt's gonna update it and then I'll share it. So the first thing is like, look here. Know what? What are you really going to sell? Because I'm only planning on making this quantity here. That's the formula. Like I'm only planning on making. I got to order packaging for 5,400 units. So two, two minimums. Because he has to. He. He produces by conch. So it's always a variable of 2688. So it's 2688 or 5 or 8, etc. So for one, you know, whatever, one eight hour shift. So. Oops. So I got to kind of, you Know, if we do Canadian, there's Canadian and us. So, you see, we were forecasting to do, like, a cacao and also a sex chocolate, but there's way too many people in the sex industry. Okay. And, like, if you look at this Excel that I did, like, we're not. We're not there with the artwork. Let me just close. I'll just. This is what I showed Matt. You know, we played around with the artwork, and Mellie is just not strong enough. Like, look, you know, this is the powder, this is the hot chocolate, and this is the chocolate, right? Like, it's not, like, to compete with nibs. It's not, like, we need a better graphic designer for that. So this is on hold. And we're just looking at these cues here. So the protein, chocolate, maybe the bar, like, these two here we can do in Vancouver. So right now, what I'm trying to do is just, what are we doing? Like, what can we do as quick as possible? And what we can do as quick as possible is. Is the cups in Peru. So I can just put, like, madewear made where? So these we can do made in Peru in February. Made in Peru in February. This will be GTA in January. GTA in January. GTA in January. And this is Peru in February. So right now, the plan I'm trying to get is that. And this is GTA. So we do nibs, but that's like eight SKUs, right? And I haven't raised a lot of money, so I just have to be careful. Like, should I do all eight SKUs or not? And what Matt is worried about is that, like, printing a thousand of these is, like, $500. It's not the end of the world. So we. But if you print them and then you fill them up, that's the issue. Filling it up is the issue. So if I fill it up and I put it in a truck and I send it to the US So Matt is briefed, and hopefully he'll get back to me, like, today, like, pretty much every time. I've not been able to get, you know, like, closure on the plan, but, like, what he's supposed to do is kind of say, you know, fba, and this is Canada. This would be Canada. And what I was trying to get him to do is to say, okay, like, how much are you going to spend? 1, month, 1, 2, 3. So month one would be February. So the cups. Month one would be March, and then month two would be April, May, and how much do you spend? And then how much are you going to need to spend. Right. Like on the credit card. Because I said like, Matt, if you add all of this up and we're doing the excuse and I'm losing like $30,000, like, that's not going to work. Right? Because there's all these costs. There's the marketing on the credit card, the 40%. There's the cost of goods, which is going to be higher because we're doing airfare from China and airfare from Peru to Toronto. Then they're shipping it to Amazon, which is like $200 maybe. Then there's the 450 fulfillment fee. Then there's a commission. Like, we're already losing money here. And that doesn't even include that. Like, that doesn't even include the airfare. Right. Because this is the lower cost of goods. This is a formula which. Where's the cost of goods? Yeah, $7. So this is. Doesn't include, like, if you include the airfare and all that, it's more like $11. So. So I don't know. I think we have to start slower. I think we just have to do like. And now the tariff is kind of the perfect excuse. So I think we just do. We don't do anything US yet. If I need fail samples, I could use Canadian. I mean, it's not expensive to print the labels. So maybe I just do kind of 10 master cases or something. How many do you have in each master case? Like 12. Okay. And I think because it's digital, you can literally just put a column, right? You can put a column Canada and a column us and it's like 50, 60 cents. So if I just print. I know I want us labels for the multivitamin. So for sure I want some of that. Like, I think we're thinking 10 master cases, but that's in China. But still it has to go on the po. So I'm going to get some for sale samples like you and whatever investors or whatnot. But because I can do another production run, right? Like, what I'm doing is I'm ordering double. So in the first production, I'm ordering doubles. Like two tall pallets. So four regular pallets. Four regular pallets. And here is. I don't know, we have to look at. It depends if TJX is ordering or not. Here TGX is the 108 grams. So that's what I kind of have to figure out. And Julia is helping me with, like, what are the vendors say? Right? Because you have to men, you have to mesh. What are our options with the vendors. But I think the pouches, we have a lot of flexibility and they're not expensive. What's expensive is. So maybe we do order a little bit on the pouches and 500. A thousand is $500. So we just order some and then if we wait a month. But we don't pack it. Right? Like we don't. Oh, the pouches, this is coming from China, but it's the same idea. I think it's digital also. So we don't necessarily pack it. We ship some packaging over. But I have till February to decide if I make it or not. So I can always, if I order enough Canadian and I order a little bit of US I could all like because they pack it, they just change it on the production line. So maybe that's what I'll do is I'll order some US from both China and Canada in case we want to sell. But I don't have to commit to packing it until a little bit later. Okay. Because like this is where I need math to fill this out and then I want you to look at it. But this is what worries me. Right? Because if you kind of wind up losing 24,000 on one SKU, I don't believe we'd make 10,000. Like plus. Yeah, like, plus the influencers. Right, like where we have to put the influencers here we're missing the influencers. Well, if you ask me, I mean it will be very difficult at least for me to sell 550 units in the first month. Now you said that Matt, he's also going to use influencers, so probably it's possible with influencers. Yeah. He had even bigger numbers than this. Maybe he can do it. I mean, he's also experienced. Yeah, but he's always been wrong with his forecast. Right. So we just have to like always, always, always. He had like big forecasts, like 7 million a month. Never worked with my good fats. So yeah, so I kind of have like a six year history that. So I kind of have to. So you see we have the sex cube, but I couldn't get the packaging right. It's already 10 SKUs. Okay, so this is hard. So does it make sense? We just print, let's say a thousand units. He said you need a minimum. He wants a minimum of 3,000. But like that's a lot of money. If you add, you know, you add 3,000 units of cups and then 3,000 units of vitamins. Like that's a lot, a lot of like, I'm gonna burn all my cash. Yeah. Like Canada us. Canada us. Right. Like I'm gonna burn all my cash, so I'm not doing that. But are you going to go ahead with all of those SKUs? Initially, I think you were talking about just one SKU and then you're going to make three packs of one SKU for Amazon. Yeah, like just one skew protein salted caramel, one skew of hot chocolate and one skew of multivitamin. So three distinct ones. Yeah, but they're in different categories. Oh, that would be. Definitely be expensive. If you want to do it in both countries then it's like treating dealing with six SKUs. Yeah. So if you had to prioritize these three SKUs protein, cup hot, hot chocolate and well, hot chocolate, I think we'll have to do. If we get the TJX account. Right? Like if we get tjx, we're at least going to do tjx. It doesn't mean that's TJX here. That's a big account. But like I want to at least test hot chocolate. But maybe like it seems to sell all year long. The hot chocolate. The demand probably increase is seasonal too. During this Christmas time. I think it let me actually check. The demand is sky high and that happens every year. But he had checked like, I remember he checked like it's still pretty decent off season. Yeah, it is. Check protein, diet, brand. Can you check their seasonality? Yeah, sure. Can you send me a link in the chat in Zoom? Oh, right now. Okay, let me, let me send you this score screenshot. Yeah, no, you don't need to do it right now. So just like, so I don't want to like the where did we go here in chat. So sure. Okay. So I kind of have to think about what are the minimum, what is it cost to print, what does it cost to make. But the bigger decision is can we make profit? The bigger decisions, can we make profit on Amazon? So Susie, how can I help you in this one? I mean, you are of course discussing it with Matt. How do you think I can contribute to this? That's why I was kind of thinking I don't know. So first I think that, that's why I think, I think you've Contributed already. Like 6Qs is a lot. Right. And so why don't I get Matt to fill out this chart and you can tell me if it makes sense. But three skews us, three skews can Canada. I'll kind of show you this P and L when he gives it to me. But high level launching six SKUs is lot, right? It's very difficult. Yeah. It will take a lot of capital. Yeah. What about three SKUs? Canada only? I think that will be cost effective. First of all, US is more IT US takes more budget commitment and also it will take longer to be successful, I think. But again, the influencer tactics, I have never used that. So that can be a game changers. I wouldn't comment on that. Overall, I'll say yes. If you want to launch just in Canada with three SKUs, that will be more manageable than the U.S. okay, let me let you go. I have what I need for three farmers from you. I'll figure this out. I'll keep you posted. And oh, Julia on the team. I told her she's going to ask Matt because she's looking for some help on Amazon. So she was going to ask Matt but she's way too small. So I said she should ask you instead. So I'm just going to introduce you. Okay. Okay. Who is Julia, by the way? She's helping me with the pos. But she has her brand and her brand is Fit brands. So I'm just going to email you. And I have sent you a screenshot. If you're curious to see how the search volume fluctuates for hot chocolate, it's in the chat. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, what's that? That's the search volume year over year, every year. Towards December, the demand is sky high. Yeah. So it is quite seasonal. Okay. Yeah. Wow. So what's that peak? What's that peak there? What is that? Christmas? It's for Christmas shopping. Yes. Wow. It's almost like 150,000 plus searches. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Suzy, can I ask you one question? Yeah. So I'm supposed to get back to you on the pricing. I have thought about it, but you know what, I think I will need your help on that because I don't want to undercharge, but at the same time I want to understand how much they will be okay with paying. They are quite small right now. It doesn't make sense to pay a lot of money. So I will send you what I have for now and I'll let you review that and then please give me your feedback. Yeah, I'll look at it on the platform. Perfect. Okay. All right. Thank you so much. We're a good tea. Okay, bye. Thank you. Bye. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Did it? Follow me. Can you see my.

Speaker B: I can see your screen.

Speaker A: My screen?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: What we have to decide is this here is. Do I print one? Can you see this Master Tracker on the left? Well, the name of the file is called Master Tracker.

Speaker B: No, I cannot.

Speaker A: Oh, okay, let me show. I tried to share my entire screen. Entire screen. Okay, let me try that again. Okay, so Master Tracker. Can you see Master Tracker?

Speaker B: I can. Yeah.

Speaker A: This right? It's moving.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's moving.

Speaker A: Okay, perfect. So here's the. I have to decide between, like, for sure we want to do in yellow. So we want to do Canada protein cups. We're ready to go. Hot chocolate. We're ready to go. And the multivitamin. There's some forms we have to fill out. Like there's a bunch of stuff that Vanessa didn't finish. So I'm just very frustrated. But that's why she's not with us anymore. Because it's just like, like nothing was getting done and hours were being built. So these three are for sure. But now what you kind of have to decide is, do we also do us Amazon? So this will be Amazon. Like all of this would be sold on Amazon. So back when Matt did his tracking chart, which is this, what I kind of had and I think I showed you quickly, is like, hey, you know, how much do you want us? How much do you think you'll sell per month? And I don't buy these numbers. Right. 3, 500. Like, I'm not, I'm not spending all of this money to make all of these units. Unless, like, he's a hundred percent sure. But those are huge numbers. So, like, I don't know if I shared this chart with you.

Speaker B: You did before. Yes, you did. I mean, you sent it to me. Downloaded and sent it to me before. But sure, you can share it with me too.

Speaker A: I'll share it. Let me read, let me share it. Like, let. Matt's gonna update it and then I'll share it. So the first thing is like, look here. Know what? What are you really going to sell? Because I'm only planning on making this quantity here. That's the formula. Like I'm only planning on making. I got to order packaging for 5,400 units. So two, two minimums. Because he has to. He. He produces by conch. So it's always a variable of 2688. So it's 2688 or 5 or 8, etc. So for one, you know, whatever, one eight hour shift. So. Oops. So I got to kind of, you Know, if we do Canadian, there's Canadian and us. So, you see, we were forecasting to do, like, a cacao and also a sex chocolate, but there's way too many people in the sex industry. Okay. And, like, if you look at this Excel that I did, like, we're not. We're not there with the artwork. Let me just close. I'll just. This is what I showed Matt. You know, we played around with the artwork, and Mellie is just not strong enough. Like, look, you know, this is the powder, this is the hot chocolate, and this is the chocolate, right? Like, it's not, like, to compete with nibs. It's not, like, we need a better graphic designer for that. So this is on hold. And we're just looking at these cues here. So the protein, chocolate, maybe the bar, like, these two here we can do in Vancouver. So right now, what I'm trying to do is just, what are we doing? Like, what can we do as quick as possible? And what we can do as quick as possible is. Is the cups in Peru. So I can just put, like, madewear made where? So these we can do made in Peru in February. Made in Peru in February. This will be GTA in January. GTA in January. GTA in January. And this is Peru in February. So right now, the plan I'm trying to get is that. And this is GTA. So we do nibs, but that's like eight SKUs, right? And I haven't raised a lot of money, so I just have to be careful. Like, should I do all eight SKUs or not? And what Matt is worried about is that, like, printing a thousand of these is, like, $500. It's not the end of the world. So we. But if you print them and then you fill them up, that's the issue. Filling it up is the issue. So if I fill it up and I put it in a truck and I send it to the US So Matt is briefed, and hopefully he'll get back to me, like, today, like, pretty much every time. I've not been able to get, you know, like, closure on the plan, but, like, what he's supposed to do is kind of say, you know, fba, and this is Canada. This would be Canada. And what I was trying to get him to do is to say, okay, like, how much are you going to spend? 1, month, 1, 2, 3. So month one would be February. So the cups. Month one would be March, and then month two would be April, May, and how much do you spend? And then how much are you going to need to spend. Right. Like on the credit card. Because I said like, Matt, if you add all of this up and we're doing the excuse and I'm losing like $30,000, like, that's not going to work. Right? Because there's all these costs. There's the marketing on the credit card, the 40%. There's the cost of goods, which is going to be higher because we're doing airfare from China and airfare from Peru to Toronto. Then they're shipping it to Amazon, which is like $200 maybe. Then there's the 450 fulfillment fee. Then there's a commission. Like, we're already losing money here. And that doesn't even include that. Like, that doesn't even include the airfare. Right. Because this is the lower cost of goods. This is a formula which. Where's the cost of goods? Yeah, $7. So this is. Doesn't include, like, if you include the airfare and all that, it's more like $11. So. So I don't know. I think we have to start slower. I think we just have to do like. And now the tariff is kind of the perfect excuse. So I think we just do. We don't do anything US yet. If I need fail samples, I could use Canadian. I mean, it's not expensive to print the labels. So maybe I just do kind of 10 master cases or something.

Speaker B: How many do you have in each master case?

Speaker A: Like 12.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And I think because it's digital, you can literally just put a column, right? You can put a column Canada and a column us and it's like 50, 60 cents. So if I just print. I know I want us labels for the multivitamin. So for sure I want some of that. Like, I think we're thinking 10 master cases, but that's in China. But still it has to go on the po. So I'm going to get some for sale samples like you and whatever investors or whatnot. But because I can do another production run, right? Like, what I'm doing is I'm ordering double. So in the first production, I'm ordering doubles. Like two tall pallets. So four regular pallets. Four regular pallets. And here is. I don't know, we have to look at. It depends if TJX is ordering or not. Here TGX is the 108 grams. So that's what I kind of have to figure out. And Julia is helping me with, like, what are the vendors say? Right? Because you have to men, you have to mesh. What are our options with the vendors. But I think the pouches, we have a lot of flexibility and they're not expensive. What's expensive is. So maybe we do order a little bit on the pouches and 500. A thousand is $500. So we just order some and then if we wait a month. But we don't pack it. Right? Like we don't. Oh, the pouches, this is coming from China, but it's the same idea. I think it's digital also. So we don't necessarily pack it. We ship some packaging over. But I have till February to decide if I make it or not. So I can always, if I order enough Canadian and I order a little bit of US I could all like because they pack it, they just change it on the production line. So maybe that's what I'll do is I'll order some US from both China and Canada in case we want to sell. But I don't have to commit to packing it until a little bit later. Okay. Because like this is where I need math to fill this out and then I want you to look at it. But this is what worries me. Right? Because if you kind of wind up losing 24,000 on one SKU, I don't believe we'd make 10,000. Like plus. Yeah, like, plus the influencers. Right, like where we have to put the influencers here we're missing the influencers.

Speaker B: Well, if you ask me, I mean it will be very difficult at least for me to sell 550 units in the first month. Now you said that Matt, he's also going to use influencers, so probably it's possible with influencers.

Speaker A: Yeah. He had even bigger numbers than this.

Speaker B: Maybe he can do it. I mean, he's also experienced.

Speaker A: Yeah, but he's always been wrong with his forecast. Right. So we just have to like always, always, always. He had like big forecasts, like 7 million a month. Never worked with my good fats. So yeah, so I kind of have like a six year history that. So I kind of have to. So you see we have the sex cube, but I couldn't get the packaging right. It's already 10 SKUs. Okay, so this is hard. So does it make sense? We just print, let's say a thousand units. He said you need a minimum. He wants a minimum of 3,000. But like that's a lot of money. If you add, you know, you add 3,000 units of cups and then 3,000 units of vitamins. Like that's a lot, a lot of like, I'm gonna burn all my cash.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Like Canada us. Canada us. Right. Like I'm gonna burn all my cash, so I'm not doing that.

Speaker B: But are you going to go ahead with all of those SKUs? Initially, I think you were talking about just one SKU and then you're going to make three packs of one SKU for Amazon.

Speaker A: Yeah, like just one skew protein salted caramel, one skew of hot chocolate and one skew of multivitamin.

Speaker B: So three distinct ones.

Speaker A: Yeah, but they're in different categories.

Speaker B: Oh, that would be. Definitely be expensive. If you want to do it in both countries then it's like treating dealing with six SKUs. Yeah.

Speaker A: So if you had to prioritize these three SKUs protein, cup hot, hot chocolate and well, hot chocolate, I think we'll have to do. If we get the TJX account. Right? Like if we get tjx, we're at least going to do tjx. It doesn't mean that's TJX here. That's a big account. But like I want to at least test hot chocolate. But maybe like it seems to sell all year long. The hot chocolate.

Speaker B: The demand probably increase is seasonal too. During this Christmas time. I think it let me actually check. The demand is sky high and that happens every year.

Speaker A: But he had checked like, I remember he checked like it's still pretty decent off season.

Speaker B: Yeah, it is.

Speaker A: Check protein, diet, brand. Can you check their seasonality?

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. Can you send me a link in the chat in Zoom? Oh, right now. Okay, let me, let me send you this score screenshot.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, you don't need to do it right now. So just like, so I don't want to like the where did we go here in chat. So sure. Okay. So I kind of have to think about what are the minimum, what is it cost to print, what does it cost to make. But the bigger decision is can we make profit? The bigger decisions, can we make profit on Amazon?

Speaker B: So Susie, how can I help you in this one? I mean, you are of course discussing it with Matt. How do you think I can contribute to this?

Speaker A: That's why I was kind of thinking I don't know. So first I think that, that's why I think, I think you've Contributed already. Like 6Qs is a lot. Right. And so why don't I get Matt to fill out this chart and you can tell me if it makes sense. But three skews us, three skews can Canada. I'll kind of show you this P and L when he gives it to me. But high level launching six SKUs is lot, right? It's very difficult.

Speaker B: Yeah. It will take a lot of capital.

Speaker A: Yeah. What about three SKUs? Canada only?

Speaker B: I think that will be cost effective. First of all, US is more IT US takes more budget commitment and also it will take longer to be successful, I think. But again, the influencer tactics, I have never used that. So that can be a game changers. I wouldn't comment on that. Overall, I'll say yes. If you want to launch just in Canada with three SKUs, that will be

Speaker A: more manageable than the U.S. okay, let me let you go. I have what I need for three farmers from you. I'll figure this out. I'll keep you posted. And oh, Julia on the team. I told her she's going to ask Matt because she's looking for some help on Amazon. So she was going to ask Matt but she's way too small. So I said she should ask you instead. So I'm just going to introduce you. Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. Who is Julia, by the way?

Speaker A: She's helping me with the pos. But she has her brand and her brand is Fit brands. So I'm just going to email you.

Speaker B: And I have sent you a screenshot. If you're curious to see how the search volume fluctuates for hot chocolate, it's in the chat.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Oh, what's that?

Speaker B: That's the search volume year over year, every year. Towards December, the demand is sky high.

Speaker A: Yeah. So it is quite seasonal. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Wow. So what's that peak? What's that peak there? What is that? Christmas? It's for Christmas shopping.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Wow.

Speaker B: It's almost like 150,000 plus searches.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Thank you.

Speaker B: Suzy, can I ask you one question?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So I'm supposed to get back to you on the pricing. I have thought about it, but you know what, I think I will need your help on that because I don't want to undercharge, but at the same time I want to understand how much they will be okay with paying. They are quite small right now. It doesn't make sense to pay a lot of money. So I will send you what I have for now and I'll let you review that and then please give me your feedback.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'll look at it on the platform. Perfect.

Speaker B: Okay. All right. Thank you so much.

Speaker A: We're a good tea. Okay, bye.

Speaker B: Thank you. Bye.

Speaker A: Bye.

