Transcript for: Recording__1268.mp4
Title: Recording #1268
============================================================

Hi Zadka, how are you? I am well. How are you doing? Great. How was your weekend? Yeah, it was good. You know, trying to catch up after with the normal life in Canada after having from India after a few months. So yeah, it was more about organizing but it was. It was good. It was okay. Awesome. Good. Okay. So thank you for sending the agenda over. Let me have a. I missed one thing there. That is about green rabbit. So that's another thing. Okay, let me pull it up. Okay. So you had Instacart ads update. Yeah. What is going on with Instacart? Let's talk about that. Sure. Let me share my screen first. Okay. Okay. Here's the dashboard. I sent you the link by the way. Do you have it? Where did you send it? I emailed it to you last week on Wednesday. Oh yeah, no, I didn't, I didn't open it. If you don't mind, drop it in the chat here as well so that I could. Okay, so it's going to be the first time taking a look at this together. Yeah, There it is. I have dropped in the chat. Okay. So can you see my screen? I can. Well, before looking at these, maybe I should tell you what is going on. Like what we have done so far. I have by the way paused the target ads and right now we are running sponsored product and also shoppable display ads. Two kind of ads. And I sent you an update on what ads I have launched for sponsored products last Wednesday. Now after that I have also launched display ads. So for sponsored products you can see we're targeting different sets of keywords. Some belong to the performance nutrition category. And then we are also targeting competitor keywords. That includes different, I mean many different brands including Coke and Sprite, everything, every kind of soda including Genius Gourmet. All of those great competitors. They are here and then we have some generic category keywords here and some soda related keywords here. Those are category keywords. And then we have an auto optimized performance. Sorry, not performance. Max optimized max campaign with max sales objective. And then we are also targeting some value added water keywords category keywords. These are the ones that we have launched in sponsored product campaign category. And then we have display campaigns where we have two campaigns, one with optimized. It's similar to Amazon auto targeting optimized shoppable display. And then we have one manual campaign where we are targeting different segments, different kind of audience. For example, we are targeting. Some are keyword targeting, some are audience targeting. So this one here is again Targeting keywords, competitor keywords. And this one is targeting soda keywords. And then we have, we are targeting four different audiences who have interacted with these categories and have purchased in this category before, but not our brand. So we are value add water is probably too, too far. Yeah, like that's not us. Soda again is not us. So somebody who drinks Coke or Pepsi or 7up is not going to drink this product. Yeah, people who are going to drink this product are people who are into sports, performance, high protein, that kind of stuff. But water that with functionality and soda is not. That's what we're seeing. Yeah, that's what we're seeing here. Here. It spent only $4. Stop those right away. You don't need to spend any more money on that. Okay. Yeah. So this is what we have launched so far. Now let's take a look at the dashboard here. You'll see we have started these ads from 1st of April and I'm keeping a four day. There's a four day lag in reporting. So here you will see data until 9th of April and you will see that these are the daily spins. These are the units sold from ads and these are the total units. And before we started selling, these are the units that we were doing averaging every day. Okay, so these units, is that Costco units? The 15 pack. Yeah, yeah, just Costco. This queue is only at Costco, right? Yeah. Yes. So everything is selling from Costco. It's the IC pop one, right? Icy Pop. Just Icy Pop. Okay. Icy Pop. And it's the, the 15 pack. It's not single packs. No, it's not, it's not. It's the IC pack. Sorry. Icy Pop one. So how much are they selling for on Instacart? Well, we can average the price it comes to. I'm sorry, I'll just check one more time. So let's just take list. Let's just take a look at one day or here we'll have a data here. So attributed. So this is. So 38 units. It's selling at this price. So that means. 32 is average price. Okay. So average price is 32. So we do have a few days where that. That's obviously not profitable, right? Yeah. At $35 28, 29. Yeah. And we're not moving a lot of units either. Well, in proportion. Because right now we have just at 50 stores. Before when we did the ads for hydration then at the time we, we were 300 locations. So in that proportion we are doing a little bit, in fact a little Bit better. Like if you multiply this by 6 if you want to compare the numbers. So we were selling even on like March 29th, 30th and 31st. We were still selling between four and eight units a day without any ads. Yes, 293. So we sold 293 units and we spent 6,384. Oops. 293. So we're averaging 21, almost $22 per unit. Okay. I mean it's definitely not leaving us profitable on those sales. And given the low volume, I don't know if there's much point in continuing. We could try for another week, but it's not really moving the needle a lot. Okay. And by the way, we have launched the sponsored display ads on the 8th, so we may see some lift after that. So yeah, another week of data will tell us what's really going on. Yeah. Okay, so let's, let's see how it goes. Try to optimize it and see if, if it moves the needle. But so far the data is pretty weak. How much do you think will make it worth it? How many units a day? It's not so much how much, how many units, it's whether or not it makes sense for us to continue. Because each of these units, we're selling it to Costco for, I believe it was like, I don't remember now, but I think it was close to $14. And then on top of it, we have to pay for shipping it to them. We have to pay for the product on its own. So I think once you add all that stuff up, it's at least 20, $22. So if we're adding this, we're losing about, you know, 10, $15 a unit. Okay. So I don't really think that there's much point in us continuing to lose money, but it, it's worth seeing if the volume picks up. But yeah, it's, it's not very strong data. So. Okay. When we launched the campaign, the objective was to move units. Is there also a ROAS target that we should optimize according to? Not really. I mean a break even point would be great, but yeah, okay. And the break even point would be per unit cost. How much does it have to be in that case? 22. Sorry, $14. Is it? So yeah. How much will that be? I think anything under 20 would be acceptable. Okay. All right. I was still now not caring much about how much we are spending per unit. I was trying to see how much you can scale, but right now I'll also see how we can optimize the spends so that it stays below $20. All right, what's the next topic? The next one is about Amazon accounts. Yeah, so. So the last email from Nikhil was that we agreed to continue selling on no Sugar Canada account, but in the usa. He still wanted to move the no Sugar company products to Platinum usa. Okay. And now just last week, Ariana contacted Patricia about where she should be listing the Mighty Minis in Canada. And Patricia advised her to list it on Wellnix ca Amazon Canada account. We don't have that yet. So I mean, I'm not sure if there is a gap in communication between Patricia and Nikhil or if this is a new input. So my question would be how do you want to come? So Patricia said where? Well next Canada. Amazon account, which doesn't exist. The seller central account doesn't exist. We have Platinum. Yeah, we have Platinum Canada. But well, if you want to continue there, that's also another option. Okay, Let me write an email to both of them. So basically I need to write an email to Patricia and Nikhil just saying, hey guys, to confirm for Mighty Minis we want to move the account from the no Sugar to Wellness. We don't have it listed in Canada yet. Mighty Minis. So it will be a new listing. Where should we list it? Oh yeah, well there's a reason why we didn't list it in Canada. Right, because it's a new launch. Exactly. Yeah. Okay, so for Canada we can't list it because we don't have the NPN number yet. I believe we do have now because it's launching across Walmart. Oh, okay. Yeah. Then I guess we need to create it under WellNext. So that's what I would do. Okay. So in that case we'll need to create a new Amazon seller central under well next and then also do brand registry. So basically all the setup steps. Yeah, for Canada. And then for that one, Ariana said that she was told that we're not going to be selling Mighty Minis for like five months and she panicked. She was like wait, what? So she called Brad and she's like, we're not going to be selling it. Nobody told me this. And I was like, no, I think we're just shipping it back because it got flagged as multiple. But yeah, she did panic over that one. Right? Yeah. So that's the next topic actually. So shipping with Green Rabbit. And before you go there, one more question about this well next Canada setup. So if we set that up, it's going to be a brand new seller account and we are not planning to move all the no Sugar company products eventually to that one, are we? So. Well, next. I know that would be ideal, but please, please consider the impact. Yeah, I don't think so. Not in the short term, no. Okay. All right. Sounds good. But yes, I think that you should just know that Mighty Minis is a new company that Brad and Ariana are setting up. Even if it's not, don't treat it like the other no Sugar items. Even if we're saying we're not going to do it for no sugar items, we have to do it for Mighty Minis. We have to ship it through if. If they did flag it as a multiple, which it sounds like they did. Yeah. Okay, so then we'll have to ship it through Green Rabbit. Got it. Okay, so we'll treat it as a completely separate idea. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That one needs to be done separately. So whenever that shipment gets shipped back, then just set it up through Green Rabbit as a multiple and we don't have to ship it with ice packs. Let's just ship it the way that Green Rabbit was shipped through fbm. I see. Okay. Good to know now about no Sugar company with Green Rabbits in the usa. I honestly still don't have an answer, so I'll just share my screen to show you the. I have also kept you in the last email by the way. So I mean I have been following up, didn't get a response from Tony whether. I mean I wanted them to confirm whether they will be able to either use veeqo or they can confirm whether they're going to get similar savings from the new career partners that they're talking about. So I haven't heard back yet. So that's where I am. But we also need to move forward quickly because the multiple season starts from May 1st. This is where we are. So if we don't have an answer, it sounds like we don't have a solution. So then you have to take it out of the forecast and let Patricia know ASAP that that's being taken out. Okay, I'll try one more time and let them know this is what is going to happen. And then if I don't hear back, I'll remove it from the forecast. Is that okay? Yeah. So that's around 300k right? Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Another forecast. This is not going to take much time. I. Okay. I told you that I'll be preparing a second version one for the finance purpose. This is this second Version is going to be the finance purpose, but I haven't done that yet because Asia is in the middle of adding some, like switching some USQ with the Canadian SKU on the forecast. And also we are adding some new items, for example, so there are some updates going on. Put in coffee and all of those stuff. So after that is done, I'll make the second version and. Yeah, perhaps this week and then I'll send it over. Okay. All right. Do we know if slimquik is made? The inventory has made it into Amazon. Are we out of stock of slimquik? No, it's okay. So the main items are in stock. There are some items that are low in stock. And also about the forecast that I have received from Isha, I saw there is a mismatch between the numbers I had in my final version versus the one she has edited. So, I mean, there is a confusion going on and we have to make sure that doesn't happen. Anyway, right now the main items are in stock, but the new flavors are still not in stock. They're inbound, but they're not in stock. So for example. Okay, so you will see this one, for example, it's not in stock. It's the pink lim on it and also the blue raspberry. So, oh, no, this one is being sent, but this one is not in stock. So these are inbound right now. They are not selling. None of those new flavors are selling. But the main item, for example, the mix berry drink mix is in stock. But why are the other two not? Well, there was a delay in sending them. That's why. And the orange one both. And this one, we have just 106 here. And then others are inbound. Okay, so that one was late too. Yeah. Okay, so out of four flavors, we really have only one. No, this one. And also this one has. Oh, not just 106. So we have this one too. This is in stock. We'll consider two in stock. And also. Yeah, out of four flavors. Yes, two. And then for. If you take it, if you want to take a look at the extra strength heels. Sorry, search for extra. That was. That is also in stock, but low in quantity, I'd say so far. Yeah, and it's doing great, by the way. It's. It's sold in the last 30 days, it sold 1470 units. But you said that one's also in low stock. This is. Yeah, low stock, but I think will be in on time. It will be received at Amazon on time. So we have 876 units available. And then 216 units are being sent. So it'll be okay. Okay, yeah. And also regarding this one, I had another topic. So I know that we started working on the Amazon only packaging design, but I wanted to get an update and make sure everything's going well. For which one? The mixed pills? Yes, Extra strength pills. Not mixed pills. Sorry. This one, the one that I just showed you. I can send you the SKU if you want. Yeah, I have sent it in the chat. Okay, let me look into that. Yeah. Because I really think we can scale it more and this is all happening. Do you know when we're making a new batch for that one? No, I don't have any idea about that one. Sorry. Yeah. And then another thing that I was supposed to look into was about the Slim Quick the Drink Mix variety pack. And you wanted to know the size and the price point. I was looking at the major options available. Available. If you search for Drink Mix, weight loss Drink Mix, what I see is the pack size is mostly between 24 and 30. Right now our pack size is 26. Of course now we can. So that's why I was suggesting we could perhaps go up to 30. And if we do 30, then it can be priced around $23. And when I was doing this research, I also saw Skinny Sticks. I don't think they made any changes to their products. All they have done is written this GLP1 support. They have included that in the title as well. I'm not sure if this is compliant, but along with this I also see so many GLP1 support supplements that show up for weight loss Drink Mix cure. So I just wanted to talk to you about, first of all, if we should test doing these kind of things for our Drink mix, if that is compliant. Okay. And second thing is what I see, products like these are doing great with just 400 reviews. I mean they're selling not just 2k plus they're selling close to 6000 units a month. So is that another thing that you should think about is this. If this is a trend that is going to be there, then maybe this is something we can think about. Oh, 7,600. I don't know what would make it compliant to say GLP1 support. So maybe we just ask regulatory to double check it. Okay. And see what would qualify as that. Can you send me the link to the two listings that you found it? Yeah, I will do that right now. Okay. And what do you think about the variant pack, pack size and pricing? That one we have to see with the Manufacturer? I don't know. Variety packs are not easy unless they have a machine that automatically does that. If they don't have a machine, then we have to ship it to another location where they do it manually. It's a whole thing. So have you ever tried listing it as like a family pack or value add or how do they do that? It's a virtual bundle, but that would mean they have two customers, have to purchase all three. And you can imagine the pack size will be way bigger. They will end up paying 3x. So, no, that doesn't work as well. And it doesn't also get the same kind of visibility. We cannot advertise it. So, no, it's not the same thing as launching a new product. And I think that SlinkWeek, since it's doing great and you can comparatively stay in stock most of the time. So if we can focus on this brand, then it will probably grow on Amazon. Okay, let me see if the manufacturer does do variety packs and we'll go from there. Okay. All right, so let's see. What else do you have? Well, those are the things that I had on my list. Okay. The only thing that I have is that we did hire somebody to manage online on our end. He's starting May 3rd or 4th. I think he's great in that he worked at Iovate, leading their online division. That was like over $100 million. So he's definitely way more experienced in terms of growing listings, figuring out how to do things efficiently. So I would say that between now and then, if you could think through, like, what are the things we can prepare ahead of time to onboard him, that would help with his knowledge and getting him up to speed. He obviously has a lot of experience in the supplement space. I don't think he's worked with beverage much as well as chocolate. I don't know how much I have dealt with chocolate. But either way, anything that you could do in terms of like preparing that onboarding document, onboarding information, that would be really, really good. Right. And what sort of information do you think will be helpful for you? Well, we'll have to give him access, obviously, to everything. I would want to almost outline, like, once he starts, I would want the two of you guys to meet and for you to kind of take him through the history of the account, what we had, what are historical issues, some of the challenges that we're having as well, in terms of multiples and non multiples. What else? I would want him to understand the full picture of the challenges with Forecast as well. So what forecasted what we're about to miss because he's going to be trying to figure out how to fill that gap or readjust the forecast as well. So. Those are just some of the ideas, but I would have all of those things, information ready, as well as, like, monthly sales that you've kind of been tracking to say, like, this is it for January, February, March, April. Kind of taken through the history of that as well. Okay. Yeah, Sounds good. Awesome. Do you think. Do you think I may have. There may be some kind of changes in the responsibilities that I have right now going forward? I don't know, to be honest. That's something that obviously we'll figure out with time. I think that when I asked him how he worked at I. He did say that he worked with an agency and that he's used to that model, but he totally understands why we work with, like, you as a consultant. So I'd want him to get to know you and kind of understand what you've been doing. But, yeah, I don't. I don't see any changes in the short term, for sure. Okay. All right. So do you want to talk about anything else today? No. All right. And that's it. Okay. If you can start prepping that list, we can review it next time we speak, and then we'll go from there. Sure. Okay. Sounds good. Thank you so much. Thank you. Yeah. Bye now. You too. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Hi Zadka, how are you?

Speaker B: I am well. How are you doing?

Speaker A: Great.

Speaker B: How was your weekend?

Speaker A: Yeah, it was good. You know, trying to catch up after with the normal life in Canada after having from India after a few months. So yeah, it was more about organizing but it was. It was good. It was okay.

Speaker B: Awesome. Good. Okay. So thank you for sending the agenda over. Let me have a.

Speaker A: I missed one thing there. That is about green rabbit. So that's another thing.

Speaker B: Okay, let me pull it up. Okay. So you had Instacart ads update.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: What is going on with Instacart? Let's talk about that. Sure.

Speaker A: Let me share my screen first. Okay. Okay. Here's the dashboard. I sent you the link by the way. Do you have it?

Speaker B: Where did you send it?

Speaker A: I emailed it to you last week on Wednesday.

Speaker B: Oh yeah, no, I didn't, I didn't open it. If you don't mind, drop it in the chat here as well so that I could.

Speaker A: Okay, so it's going to be the first time taking a look at this together.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker A: There it is. I have dropped in the chat. Okay. So can you see my screen?

Speaker B: I can.

Speaker A: Well, before looking at these, maybe I should tell you what is going on. Like what we have done so far. I have by the way paused the target ads and right now we are running sponsored product and also shoppable display ads. Two kind of ads. And I sent you an update on what ads I have launched for sponsored products last Wednesday. Now after that I have also launched display ads. So for sponsored products you can see we're targeting different sets of keywords. Some belong to the performance nutrition category. And then we are also targeting competitor keywords. That includes different, I mean many different brands including Coke and Sprite, everything, every kind of soda including Genius Gourmet. All of those great competitors. They are here and then we have some generic category keywords here and some soda related keywords here. Those are category keywords. And then we have an auto optimized performance. Sorry, not performance. Max optimized max campaign with max sales objective. And then we are also targeting some value added water keywords category keywords. These are the ones that we have launched in sponsored product campaign category. And then we have display campaigns where we have two campaigns, one with optimized. It's similar to Amazon auto targeting optimized shoppable display. And then we have one manual campaign where we are targeting different segments, different kind of audience. For example, we are targeting. Some are keyword targeting, some are audience targeting. So this one here is again Targeting keywords, competitor keywords. And this one is targeting soda keywords. And then we have, we are targeting four different audiences who have interacted with these categories and have purchased in this category before, but not our brand.

Speaker B: So we are value add water is probably too, too far. Yeah, like that's not us. Soda again is not us. So somebody who drinks Coke or Pepsi or 7up is not going to drink this product. Yeah, people who are going to drink this product are people who are into sports, performance, high protein, that kind of stuff. But water that with functionality and soda is not.

Speaker A: That's what we're seeing. Yeah, that's what we're seeing here. Here. It spent only $4.

Speaker B: Stop those right away. You don't need to spend any more money on that.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. So this is what we have launched so far. Now let's take a look at the dashboard here. You'll see we have started these ads from 1st of April and I'm keeping a four day. There's a four day lag in reporting. So here you will see data until 9th of April and you will see that these are the daily spins. These are the units sold from ads and these are the total units. And before we started selling, these are the units that we were doing averaging every day.

Speaker B: Okay, so these units, is that Costco units? The 15 pack.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, just Costco. This queue is only at Costco, right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yes. So everything is selling from Costco.

Speaker B: It's the IC pop one, right?

Speaker A: Icy Pop. Just Icy Pop.

Speaker B: Okay. Icy Pop. And it's the, the 15 pack. It's not single packs.

Speaker A: No, it's not, it's not. It's the IC pack. Sorry. Icy Pop one.

Speaker B: So how much are they selling for on Instacart?

Speaker A: Well, we can average the price it comes to. I'm sorry, I'll just check one more time. So let's just take list. Let's just take a look at one day or here we'll have a data here. So attributed. So this is. So 38 units. It's selling at this price. So that means. 32 is average price.

Speaker B: Okay. So average price is 32. So we do have a few days where that. That's obviously not profitable, right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: At $35 28, 29. Yeah. And we're not moving a lot of units either.

Speaker A: Well, in proportion. Because right now we have just at 50 stores. Before when we did the ads for hydration then at the time we, we were 300 locations. So in that proportion we are doing a little bit, in fact a little Bit better. Like if you multiply this by 6 if you want to compare the numbers.

Speaker B: So we were selling even on like March 29th, 30th and 31st. We were still selling between four and eight units a day without any ads.

Speaker A: Yes,

Speaker B: 293. So we sold 293 units and we spent 6,384. Oops. 293. So we're averaging 21, almost $22 per unit. Okay. I mean it's definitely not leaving us profitable on those sales. And given the low volume, I don't know if there's much point in continuing. We could try for another week, but it's not really moving the needle a lot.

Speaker A: Okay. And by the way, we have launched the sponsored display ads on the 8th, so we may see some lift after that. So yeah, another week of data will tell us what's really going on.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, so let's, let's see how it goes. Try to optimize it and see if, if it moves the needle. But so far the data is pretty weak.

Speaker A: How much do you think will make it worth it? How many units a day?

Speaker B: It's not so much how much, how many units, it's whether or not it makes sense for us to continue. Because each of these units, we're selling it to Costco for, I believe it was like, I don't remember now, but I think it was close to $14. And then on top of it, we have to pay for shipping it to them. We have to pay for the product on its own. So I think once you add all that stuff up, it's at least 20, $22. So if we're adding this, we're losing about, you know, 10, $15 a unit.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So I don't really think that there's much point in us continuing to lose money, but it, it's worth seeing if the volume picks up. But yeah, it's, it's not very strong data.

Speaker A: So. Okay. When we launched the campaign, the objective was to move units. Is there also a ROAS target that we should optimize according to?

Speaker B: Not really. I mean a break even point would be great, but yeah,

Speaker A: okay. And the break even point would be per unit cost. How much does it have to be in that case? 22. Sorry, $14. Is it? So yeah. How much will that be?

Speaker B: I think anything under 20 would be acceptable. Okay.

Speaker A: All right. I was still now not caring much about how much we are spending per unit. I was trying to see how much you can scale, but right now I'll also see how we can optimize the spends so that it stays below $20. All right, what's the next topic? The next one is about Amazon accounts. Yeah, so. So the last email from Nikhil was that we agreed to continue selling on no Sugar Canada account, but in the usa. He still wanted to move the no Sugar company products to Platinum usa.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And now just last week, Ariana contacted Patricia about where she should be listing the Mighty Minis in Canada. And Patricia advised her to list it on Wellnix ca Amazon Canada account. We don't have that yet. So I mean, I'm not sure if there is a gap in communication between Patricia and Nikhil or if this is a new input. So my question would be how do you want to come?

Speaker B: So Patricia said where?

Speaker A: Well next Canada. Amazon account, which doesn't exist. The seller central account doesn't exist.

Speaker B: We have Platinum.

Speaker A: Yeah, we have Platinum Canada. But well, if you want to continue there, that's also another option.

Speaker B: Okay, Let me write an email to both of them. So basically I need to write an email to Patricia and Nikhil just saying, hey guys, to confirm for Mighty Minis we want to move the account from the no Sugar to Wellness.

Speaker A: We don't have it listed in Canada yet. Mighty Minis. So it will be a new listing. Where should we list it?

Speaker B: Oh yeah, well there's a reason why we didn't list it in Canada.

Speaker A: Right, because it's a new launch. Exactly.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, so for Canada we can't list it because we don't have the NPN number yet.

Speaker A: I believe we do have now because it's launching across Walmart.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. Yeah. Then I guess we need to create it under WellNext. So that's what I would do.

Speaker A: Okay. So in that case we'll need to create a new Amazon seller central under well next and then also do brand registry. So basically all the setup steps.

Speaker B: Yeah, for Canada. And then for that one, Ariana said that she was told that we're not going to be selling Mighty Minis for like five months and she panicked. She was like wait, what? So she called Brad and she's like, we're not going to be selling it. Nobody told me this. And I was like, no, I think we're just shipping it back because it got flagged as multiple. But yeah, she did panic over that one.

Speaker A: Right? Yeah. So that's the next topic actually. So shipping with Green Rabbit. And before you go there, one more question about this well next Canada setup. So if we set that up, it's going to be a brand new seller account and we are not planning to move all the no Sugar company products eventually to that one, are we?

Speaker B: So. Well, next.

Speaker A: I know that would be ideal, but please, please consider the impact.

Speaker B: Yeah, I don't think so. Not in the short term, no.

Speaker A: Okay. All right. Sounds good.

Speaker B: But yes, I think that you should just know that Mighty Minis is a new company that Brad and Ariana are setting up. Even if it's not, don't treat it like the other no Sugar items. Even if we're saying we're not going to do it for no sugar items, we have to do it for Mighty Minis. We have to ship it through if. If they did flag it as a multiple, which it sounds like they did.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so then we'll have to ship it through Green Rabbit.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay, so we'll treat it as a completely separate idea.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker A: yeah,

Speaker B: Yeah. That one needs to be done separately. So whenever that shipment gets shipped back, then just set it up through Green Rabbit as a multiple and we don't have to ship it with ice packs. Let's just ship it the way that Green Rabbit was shipped through fbm.

Speaker A: I see. Okay. Good to know now about no Sugar company with Green Rabbits in the usa. I honestly still don't have an answer, so I'll just share my screen to show you the. I have also kept you in the last email by the way. So I mean I have been following up, didn't get a response from Tony whether. I mean I wanted them to confirm whether they will be able to either use veeqo or they can confirm whether they're going to get similar savings from the new career partners that they're talking about. So I haven't heard back yet. So that's where I am. But we also need to move forward quickly because the multiple season starts from May 1st. This is where we are.

Speaker B: So if we don't have an answer, it sounds like we don't have a solution. So then you have to take it out of the forecast and let Patricia know ASAP that that's being taken out.

Speaker A: Okay, I'll try one more time and let them know this is what is going to happen. And then if I don't hear back, I'll remove it from the forecast. Is that okay?

Speaker B: Yeah. So that's around 300k right? Yes.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. Another forecast. This is not going to take much time. I. Okay. I told you that I'll be preparing a second version one for the finance purpose. This is this second Version is going to be the finance purpose, but I haven't done that yet because Asia is in the middle of adding some, like switching some USQ with the Canadian SKU on the forecast. And also we are adding some new items, for example, so there are some updates going on. Put in coffee and all of those stuff. So after that is done, I'll make the second version and. Yeah, perhaps this week and then I'll send it over.

Speaker B: Okay. All right. Do we know if slimquik is made? The inventory has made it into Amazon. Are we out of stock of slimquik?

Speaker A: No, it's okay. So the main items are in stock. There are some items that are low in stock. And also about the forecast that I have received from Isha, I saw there is a mismatch between the numbers I had in my final version versus the one she has edited. So, I mean, there is a confusion going on and we have to make sure that doesn't happen. Anyway, right now the main items are in stock, but the new flavors are still not in stock. They're inbound, but they're not in stock. So for example. Okay, so you will see this one, for example, it's not in stock. It's the pink lim on it and also the blue raspberry. So, oh, no, this one is being sent, but this one is not in stock. So these are inbound right now. They are not selling. None of those new flavors are selling. But the main item, for example, the mix berry drink mix is in stock.

Speaker B: But why are the other two not?

Speaker A: Well, there was a delay in sending them. That's why.

Speaker B: And the orange one both.

Speaker A: And this one, we have just 106 here. And then others are inbound.

Speaker B: Okay, so that one was late too.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so out of four flavors, we really have only one.

Speaker A: No, this one. And also this one has. Oh, not just 106. So we have this one too. This is in stock. We'll consider two in stock. And also. Yeah, out of four flavors. Yes, two. And then for. If you take it, if you want to take a look at the extra strength heels. Sorry, search for extra. That was. That is also in stock, but low in quantity, I'd say so far. Yeah, and it's doing great, by the way. It's. It's sold in the last 30 days, it sold 1470 units.

Speaker B: But you said that one's also in low stock.

Speaker A: This is. Yeah, low stock, but I think will be in on time. It will be received at Amazon on time. So we have 876 units available. And then 216 units are being sent. So it'll be okay. Okay, yeah. And also regarding this one, I had another topic. So I know that we started working on the Amazon only packaging design, but I wanted to get an update and make sure everything's going well.

Speaker B: For which one? The mixed pills?

Speaker A: Yes, Extra strength pills. Not mixed pills. Sorry. This one, the one that I just showed you. I can send you the SKU if you want. Yeah, I have sent it in the chat.

Speaker B: Okay, let me look into that.

Speaker A: Yeah. Because I really think we can scale it more and this is all happening.

Speaker B: Do you know when we're making a new batch for that one?

Speaker A: No, I don't have any idea about that one. Sorry. Yeah. And then another thing that I was supposed to look into was about the Slim Quick the Drink Mix variety pack. And you wanted to know the size and the price point. I was looking at the major options available. Available. If you search for Drink Mix, weight loss Drink Mix, what I see is the pack size is mostly between 24 and 30. Right now our pack size is 26. Of course now we can. So that's why I was suggesting we could perhaps go up to 30. And if we do 30, then it can be priced around $23. And when I was doing this research, I also saw Skinny Sticks. I don't think they made any changes to their products. All they have done is written this GLP1 support. They have included that in the title as well. I'm not sure if this is compliant, but along with this I also see so many GLP1 support supplements that show up for weight loss Drink Mix cure. So I just wanted to talk to you about, first of all, if we should test doing these kind of things for our Drink mix, if that is compliant. Okay. And second thing is what I see, products like these are doing great with just 400 reviews. I mean they're selling not just 2k plus they're selling close to 6000 units a month. So is that another thing that you should think about is this. If this is a trend that is going to be there, then maybe this is something we can think about. Oh, 7,600.

Speaker B: I don't know what would make it compliant to say GLP1 support. So maybe we just ask regulatory to double check it.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And see what would qualify as that. Can you send me the link to the two listings that you found it?

Speaker A: Yeah, I will do that right now. Okay. And what do you think about the variant pack, pack size and pricing?

Speaker B: That one we have to see with the Manufacturer? I don't know. Variety packs are not easy unless they have a machine that automatically does that. If they don't have a machine, then we have to ship it to another location where they do it manually. It's a whole thing. So have you ever tried listing it as like a family pack or value add or how do they do that?

Speaker A: It's a virtual bundle, but that would mean they have two customers, have to purchase all three. And you can imagine the pack size will be way bigger. They will end up paying 3x. So, no, that doesn't work as well. And it doesn't also get the same kind of visibility. We cannot advertise it. So, no, it's not the same thing as launching a new product. And I think that SlinkWeek, since it's doing great and you can comparatively stay in stock most of the time. So if we can focus on this brand, then it will probably grow on Amazon.

Speaker B: Okay, let me see if the manufacturer does do variety packs and we'll go from there.

Speaker A: Okay. All right, so let's see. What else do you have? Well, those are the things that I had on my list.

Speaker B: Okay. The only thing that I have is that we did hire somebody to manage online on our end. He's starting May 3rd or 4th. I think he's great in that he worked at Iovate, leading their online division. That was like over $100 million. So he's definitely way more experienced in terms of growing listings, figuring out how to do things efficiently. So I would say that between now and then, if you could think through, like, what are the things we can prepare ahead of time to onboard him, that would help with his knowledge and getting him up to speed. He obviously has a lot of experience in the supplement space. I don't think he's worked with beverage much as well as chocolate. I don't know how much I have dealt with chocolate. But either way, anything that you could do in terms of like preparing that onboarding document, onboarding information, that would be really, really good.

Speaker A: Right. And what sort of information do you think will be helpful for you?

Speaker B: Well, we'll have to give him access, obviously, to everything. I would want to almost outline, like, once he starts, I would want the two of you guys to meet and for you to kind of take him through the history of the account, what we had, what are historical issues, some of the challenges that we're having as well, in terms of multiples and non multiples. What else? I would want him to understand the full picture of the challenges with Forecast as well. So what forecasted what we're about to miss because he's going to be trying to figure out how to fill that gap or readjust the forecast as well. So. Those are just some of the ideas, but I would have all of those things, information ready, as well as, like, monthly sales that you've kind of been tracking to say, like, this is it for January, February, March, April. Kind of taken through the history of that as well.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, Sounds good.

Speaker B: Awesome.

Speaker A: Do you think. Do you think I may have. There may be some kind of changes in the responsibilities that I have right now going forward?

Speaker B: I don't know, to be honest. That's something that obviously we'll figure out with time. I think that when I asked him how he worked at I. He did say that he worked with an agency and that he's used to that model, but he totally understands why we work with, like, you as a consultant. So I'd want him to get to know you and kind of understand what you've been doing. But, yeah, I don't. I don't see any changes in the short term, for sure.

Speaker A: Okay. All right. So do you want to talk about anything else today?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: And that's it. Okay. If you can start prepping that list, we can review it next time we speak, and then we'll go from there.

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Sounds good. Thank you so much.

Speaker B: Thank you.

Speaker A: Yeah. Bye now.

Speaker B: You too. Bye.

