Transcript for: Recording__115 (1).mp4
Title: Recording #1151
============================================================

Cleaning spray is doing quite well in the areas of skin care, but it's also doing quite well in just general cleaning because of its capabilities to kill viruses and things. And so looking at our history on our Shopify store, the issue that we're finding is we get a lot of American buyers, we don't get a lot of chicken buyers, but we end up sending all the traffic free to our tracks on the dahl. But we don't get any assistance on the zone. We do service on the Canadian customer shop on our website. From a logistics perspective, it's become a little bit difficult over the last few years in terms of actually growing on our warehouse. So my partner is actually right now looking to not necessarily change the model, but we're looking for up to maybe on Amazon exclusively and maybe start window the Shopify or maybe use the Shopify landing page to allow people to be on. We're thinking that this year we will be selling on Shopify but it'll be really that's kind of the time to do. But for us, you know, we want to be careful. We're not trying to compete with the skin care side of this business because as you can see the skin care does very well. We're specifically targeting general day to day. We don't really have much competitors to be honest, as you see there. The competitors that are out there are actually American. So retail we have of a lot bit of an advantage because we are Health Canada approved and so we have the creative side of things. Made in Canada I used to do myself back in the day. A lot has changed since my time and so now, you know, we are trying to help guide us to be a little bit more, you know, we want to be mobile and you know, we don't want to throw so much money at them that we do have markets we'd like to eat but. Wanted to get your thoughts maybe on what you initially saw and also just learn about your strategy. I became a country. We also are very kind of connected in the TPG community. Product. Yes, if you type in typhoid acid in Amazon either.com or CA you will know that. Majority of them are using this ingredient for skincare. It's became a very small viral ingredient a couple years ago when the program kicks off. The only ingredient that. As a result of that momentum in 2020 people started using it as skincare because it also has other benefits really hold that route. We sell the skin care company since the interesting part is see the Italian marketing it so we can market it as skincare. Companies which we don't want to do or you can market it as cleaning companies which is what we do because the volumes are better. It's less hitting skincare, digital marketing and we don't have those things. It's one ingredient that is serving two categories. Now what I. To. Have all of those materials that we could submit and for that and then we also own the din. So DIN is the drug identification vacation number that Health Canada provides and so we would also supply that as well. Now my role in this is very unique. Up until now I'm more a distributor. The founder is now bringing me on as an owner. So all of that is now kind of contained the two months and so including the trainer. Including the and so those things we could apply. That is with our DIN numbers everything can be changed from a label's perspective. They're all CFIA compliance. The only thing is it was listed on Amazon during COVID but they didn't have the right team at the time so it didn't do that well. Now it is doing well in terms of the search the and also because the competitors only American for us. We do see that there is some opportunities there. How are you thinking of? I just I. I want to be very conservative in terms of. I've done it both ways. I've been involved where you know the upload and heavy community spent right at the beginning of launch. I'm a little bit more on the side of really utilizing the buying program today and seeing so from an inventory perspective we have no issues with sending out great products. It helps with getting as many reviews as we possibly can to really make them incredible. But I, you know, I want to be conservative because search volume is very high for when you look at it just with meaning it's very high and we only have two or three competitors. So when I think about it from an organic search perspective, I think when only people still get organic traffic and the brand is recognized, the brand itself is recognized. So I'm not overly worried about turning it on and and in fact if you look at my competitor, they have very low dating name yet they sell I think last month they sold about 2,000 units and these are high margin items. So I want to be in the middle where it's a conservative aspect. But I'm also leveraging some of the organic church that's coming in. I don't have a true answer quite yet. That's okay. That's okay. What I try. Can how much at the beginning? Well, here's my question about that. So the listings that we have in the US is our US entity and my US partner just got bought out by another company that is still maintaining the name Magic Molecule. Magic Molecule is selling the skincare side of the product but they all speak smart US and there's somebody competing side of it. My partner has advised that. We're not going to be able to share anything that's happening in the US Unfortunately I'm not going to be able to reap any of those benefits from our list. Now let's do the Twan. We can leverage any of the US reviews. Well. The brand registry maybe and this is probably a little bit of a take away for me. But the brand registration. The brand is registered. There's two. There's. They register through the U.S. we register in Canada. So remember our things about Canada. There's things now we share branding. We share and promote them on the website and it goes to dot com. But the way that the brand was registered is very specific to our artists and smart canners. They're actually two different. They were registered intentionally. Does that change anything? It doesn't impact your existing. So. Yeah, I just want a quick way of opening up because they're some point that looks like it is and you'll see they haven't even spent much time on the creative stuff. Which is you may have like based on 7000 units last month on the two pad and there's about close to 50,000 reviews and they're 4 gallon, 1600 views. So we sell the exact same file. Now the only difference is that the labels are obviously different. Ours are CFI. Design. The Canadian side, the small side of things are doing things a little bit differently. The US is so new B2B we have a B2B element where most of those are things sold into something else that we are discussing potentially in the retail. So for us being creatives is really important because it speaks to the overall operating model and where we want to take it. We also talk flexibility and branding so we don't necessarily have to keep the big branding native. It's very similar to our US but we are thinking, we are thinking of changing the labels a little bit. These are very old school labels. If you look at it. There's nothing creative about that. The Canadian team is really thinking about rebranding entirely. So there may be a possibility that we will slowly start to different from the US but at the launch and if you feel it is easier to leverage our US kind of branding then we're also very. And it's all of Our inventory right now. That's my only concern. It is under new ownership in the U.S. i have not met the user but we will need to. So you know, I'm hopeful that they'll be successful in that worst case scenario. The answer is no. Do you foresee any. That you just have to go through the regular bind program, start from scratch. I think that's a really good suggestion you've made there. So I will. But I'm not entirely sure how they want to play that option. They've asked them to link the.com on our Shopify site. We've done that as a favor. We're going to use traffic back to them anyway. So maybe as a favor. It would be. It would be. Yeah. Right. Okay. That should have been our first question here. Right. No, the UPCs are completely different and the reason. There's a couple reasons for that is the. We also called 500 mil. I believe we do it for 73. So we, we've done it very differently. That. Now that. Yeah, I, I do have a question that maybe this is where I want to understand your services a little bit more. I mean I, I am on the side of having something kind of full servant A to Z have the one thing optimized and also the creative. I don't think you provide creative as I have looked into you AI related type of agencies that could produce and things like that. But I think maybe I'll throw that back to you. Is that something that you provide. A lot of it ourselves too. So the website has some of it but we also had a lot of it that we used for social that we're happy to recycle. And so the creative for us is really important because we want to be able to use, you know, the opportunity to really show the Canadian uniqueness of the product. And right now the other ones are all American. So do you work with any agencies that do like that full score design or do you prefer. Well, not really with any specific agencies. I have worked with people. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes they're contractors of other clients or employees. So I'm not sure they will be. I mean if I can connect with any of them but I can try. That's one of the things you can do. Okay. And from your opinion. I know, I know this is a really hard question to ask just in terms of aspect for something like this. Is there an amount that you would typically suggest for newer brand launch for kind of setting the expectation for what the team should be expecting? That's a good question. And that can Be a tough question too. So it is, it is, you're familiar with how Amazon works and, and you said that you have also tried to put in a lot of money up front for the first few months and that is how usually it works on Amazon, right? So when you are listing on Amazon, Amazon doesn't know your product, nobody, no customer knows your product. And because of that you don't have any organic ranking for any keywords on Amazon. If you want to show up, you have to advertise. And then when you advertise as a result, when it gets impression and then if customers find it relevant, they click eventually check them out check the product out digital page view and then add it to cart and then buys the product. All of these are considered seamless. And I'm sure Amazon is not just limited to these few they have, they're collecting a lot more data. But based on all of this data, Amazon is trying to do determine whether the things people are searching with if this product, if our product is relevant or not. Amazon wants to give a good customer experience. So if they see that people are finding our product relevant when they're searching for particular keywords or search terms that to Amazon means oh, so if I show up this product on top of the search result, that's basically the customer experience. So because of which we definitely have to rely on ads at the beginning. Usually that is how it works and maybe if it works out well, then maybe after the six month we can keep on reducing that. It's not like all of a sudden, let's say at the beginning your 90% of the sales, 5 first month, let's say 90% of your sales will be because of ads and then maybe it will go down slowly to 60% after the third month. So as we stop relying that much on ads, our ad spend as a percentage of the total revenue also will, will shrink with time. So and now I'm going to tell you a number and this is going to sound really, really bad but at the beginning, let's say for the first time months we may end up spending on a typical launch if we really rely on ads. 60 to 70% of the revenue on ads. Which is, which is going to mean. Yeah, yeah, that will. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. And then in terms of your services, is it based on a position percentage of the ad spend or do you have cover your services calculated and so your model right. For the setup phases set up so listing setup or let's say I have to do one time things like SEO or Help you with the SEO company, all of those stuff. Now there's a fee for that. And then for ad management or ongoing management, we do typically. Typically do a hybrid model. We're flexible there, but we can. We can do totally a fixed pricing or a hybrid. So for hybrid, we charge. We keep the retainer low and then charge a percentage of the sales. Got it. Okay. Okay. And so I see you're managing. You're managing. Are you managing other, like PPGs? Other. Is it primarily food or are you in other categories as well? Well, it's primarily CPGs and supplements. So anything in this world. I mean, anything in the CPG world. Yeah, yeah. You may know some brands. You may know no Sugar company. They are also in Mississauga, actually. Yeah, I know those bigger. Yeah, yeah, yeah, no Sugar. What's his name? He also runs or did he sell it? Slim Creek? No, no, I'm somebody else. I'm thinking of the guy that Joy Burst. Oh, Joy Burst. Yeah. Joy Burst is also something I'm managing. Slim Week. Crossfield is not that big online, but that is also with me. And then three farmers, you may know three farmers in Saskatchewan. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. And is it only Amazon? Are you doing other channels? Walmart. So far it's primarily Amazon. And Instacart is something I have recently started doing. My recent day. It's been a while. It's been about six, seven months. Yeah. But Instacart is really good for retail. If you want to boost. If you want to boost, let's say in store velocity, especially when a brand is launching towards the. In the. In the new stores. Yeah, it's really effective. But then, I mean, practically speaking, you have to measure effectiveness with other ways of marketing products. For example, demos. Right. But Instacart compares quite well. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. This is really helpful. Did you have any other questions for me or. Well, I do have more questions. So in terms of, you know, number of products that we need to handle and then we need to talk about the next steps. What should we do after this meeting? Yeah, so those are the things I'd like to talk about. So right now, you know, we looked at the kind of unit economics because we find that things, and that's probably why our us friends are doing it with a two pack, is that it just makes it more cost effective for us to go with a two pack or a 500 mil spray. So there'll be two packs and then we would want to sell the gallon. And the gallon, really the purpose of the 4 gallon is to act as a resume and that would be your bulk. So interior, it's the two pack and the four liter. We could down the road introduce smaller. We have some discussion. Our US partners right now, they sell, I believe, of 10 mil to female. It's compliant to take in the airport. And so we have an opportunity later to introduce some smaller. We want to first test because these are the ones that we see at least with the US Rents, where there's more traffic and more interest. A two pack and then a four gallon. On our retail side, it depends on what the retailer wants. So we don't. You know, I know that's not really a factor for Anthem, but we. Our production line can go as low as 10mil all the way up to and barrels. So really for us, it's testing Amazon to see what people are preferring if they want, maybe they want something bigger than a 5 mil tube pack. We don't know quite yet, but these are what we want to start with. Okay, so that is different sizes and in terms of, you know, original pants. You. How many that would be. I mean, I said that those are the different pack sizes, but in terms of original, I mean, the parent skus. How many that would be. How many parent skus. Yeah, well, when you say the parent skus would really be just the single. The 500 mil is your main. Is your main sku, if you will. And we would be selling those in a bundle. Got it. Just one. Just one product, literally. Got it. Okay. And then the 4 gallon is the bigger. The bigger bulk bottle. Okay. Yeah, understood, understood. So for SEO, copy and content purposes, I'll treat that as just one product. Right. So in terms of the next steps, I gave you three initial steps that we need to take care of even before we talk about launching products on Amazon in terms of ads and all. So how would you like to go ahead with those three products? Or is that something that you're considering to do right now or is there something that you want to do down the line very much? Oh, I'm. I was asking in terms of executing on the next steps, is that something that you want to do right now or is there something you're thinking of doing down the line? It's definitely down the line because we are just in the middle of the transition. And so right now, because the US side was purchased by another company, we're trying to sort out the Canadian side as well. So the Canadian side is going through some ownership changes and so I'll be kind of leading that process. So I Don't think it's going to happen right now. So this is really an initial discussion for me to kind of take back to the team and say this is the game plan. A large part of the reason why the Canadian Fed hasn't gone at the Amazon route, it's for those obvious reason, the margins. And so from the production perspective, we want to just reassess our cogs. We want to make sure that is it worth it for us. So we still have to do that level of analysis. The reason why we haven't landed yet is our material costs have gone up a little bit in the last few weeks, as you can imagine. And so we are doing that now. Once we know the numbers, we'll make that determination. Our US side, the bottles and all the stuff that they purchase, they own the full supply chain. We don't. And so that's why their costs are a lot lower than ours. We import most of our stuff from the U.S. so there's also a disadvantage from that side of things. So we still need to calculate through. We want to make sure it makes sense to go on Amazon. And so I would suspect maybe within the next three months we should know better. Got it. Okay, sounds good. Just want to know about the timeline. All right. Is there something else that you want to ask me or discuss on this call? No, I think, I think for the most part you've answered everything. Yeah, it would have been nice if we could have leveraged the US review. That certainly would have kick started a law trip. I know because it's a different upc, but. No, I think you've answered everything. I will, I'm still kind of working this through, so once I get a little bit more information, I, I will message you and give you an update, but I suspect within the next three months. So you know what, let's say a few months. Would you say like April May? Is that something are you looking at. I think by then, yeah. All right. All right. So I will look forward to talking to you in, in the next few months then and get started with. Yeah, okay. Okay. Well, really nice speaking with you. Thank you so much. Yeah, thank you so much. Take care. Bye. I know. Okay, have a good day. You too.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Cleaning spray is doing quite well in the areas of skin care, but it's also doing quite well in just general cleaning because of its capabilities to kill viruses and things. And so looking at our history on our Shopify store, the issue that we're finding is we get a lot of American buyers, we don't get a lot of chicken buyers, but we end up sending all the traffic free to our tracks on the dahl. But we don't get any assistance on the zone. We do service on the Canadian customer shop on our website. From a logistics perspective, it's become a little bit difficult over the last few years in terms of actually growing on our warehouse. So my partner is actually right now looking to not necessarily change the model, but we're looking for up to maybe on Amazon exclusively and maybe start window the Shopify or maybe use the Shopify landing page to allow people to be on. We're thinking that this year we will be selling on Shopify but it'll be really that's kind of the time to do. But for us, you know, we want to be careful. We're not trying to compete with the skin care side of this business because as you can see the skin care does very well. We're specifically targeting general day to day. We don't really have much competitors to be honest, as you see there. The competitors that are out there are actually American. So retail we have of a lot bit of an advantage because we are Health Canada approved and so we have the creative side of things. Made in Canada I used to do myself back in the day. A lot has changed since my time and so now, you know, we are trying to help guide us to be a little bit more, you know, we want to be mobile and you know, we don't want to throw so much money at them that we do have markets we'd like to eat but. Wanted to get your thoughts maybe on what you initially saw and also just learn about your strategy. I became a country. We also are very kind of connected in the TPG community. Product. Yes, if you type in typhoid acid in Amazon either.com or CA you will know that. Majority of them are using this ingredient for skincare. It's became a very small viral ingredient a couple years ago when the program kicks off. The only ingredient that. As a result of that momentum in 2020 people started using it as skincare because it also has other benefits really hold that route. We sell the skin care company since the interesting part is see the Italian marketing it so we can market it as skincare. Companies which we don't want to do or you can market it as cleaning companies which is what we do because the volumes are better. It's less hitting skincare, digital marketing and we don't have those things. It's one ingredient that is serving two categories. Now what I. To. Have all of those materials that we could submit and for that and then we also own the din. So DIN is the drug identification vacation number that Health Canada provides and so we would also supply that as well. Now my role in this is very unique. Up until now I'm more a distributor. The founder is now bringing me on as an owner. So all of that is now kind of contained the two months and so including the trainer. Including the and so those things we could apply. That is with our DIN numbers everything can be changed from a label's perspective. They're all CFIA compliance. The only thing is it was listed on Amazon during COVID but they didn't have the right team at the time so it didn't do that well. Now it is doing well in terms of the search the and also because the competitors only American for us. We do see that there is some opportunities there.

Speaker B: How are you thinking of?

Speaker A: I just I. I want to be very conservative in terms of. I've done it both ways. I've been involved where you know the upload and heavy community spent right at the beginning of launch. I'm a little bit more on the side of really utilizing the buying program today and seeing so from an inventory perspective we have no issues with sending out great products. It helps with getting as many reviews as we possibly can to really make them incredible. But I, you know, I want to be conservative because search volume is very high for when you look at it just with meaning it's very high and we only have two or three competitors. So when I think about it from an organic search perspective, I think when only people still get organic traffic and the brand is recognized, the brand itself is recognized. So I'm not overly worried about turning

Speaker C: it on and and in fact if

Speaker A: you look at my competitor, they have very low dating name yet they sell I think last month they sold about 2,000 units and these are high margin items. So I want to be in the middle where it's a conservative aspect. But I'm also leveraging some of the organic church that's coming in. I don't have a true answer quite yet.

Speaker B: That's okay.

Speaker A: That's okay. What I try. Can

Speaker B: how much at the beginning?

Speaker A: Well, here's my question about that. So the listings that we have in the US is our US entity and my US partner just got bought out by another company that is still maintaining the name Magic Molecule. Magic Molecule is selling the skincare side of the product but they all speak smart US and there's somebody competing side of it. My partner has advised that. We're not going to be able to share anything that's happening in the US Unfortunately I'm not going to be able to reap any of those benefits from our list. Now let's do the Twan. We can leverage any of the US reviews.

Speaker C: Well.

Speaker A: The brand registry maybe and this is probably a little bit of a take away for me. But the brand registration. The brand is registered. There's two. There's. They register through the U.S. we register in Canada. So remember our things about Canada. There's things now we share branding. We share and promote them on the website and it goes to dot com. But the way that the brand was registered is very specific to our artists and smart canners. They're actually two different. They were registered intentionally. Does that change anything? It doesn't impact your existing. So. Yeah, I just want a quick way of opening up because they're some point that looks like it is and you'll see they haven't even spent much time on the creative stuff. Which is you may have like based on 7000 units last month on the two pad and there's about close to 50,000 reviews and they're 4 gallon, 1600 views. So we sell the exact same file. Now the only difference is that the labels are obviously different. Ours are CFI.

Speaker B: Design.

Speaker A: The Canadian side, the small side of things are doing things a little bit differently. The US is so new B2B we have a B2B element where most of those are things sold into something else that we are discussing potentially in the retail. So for us being creatives is really important because it speaks to the overall operating model and where we want to take it. We also talk flexibility and branding so we don't necessarily have to keep the big branding native. It's very similar to our US but we are thinking, we are thinking of changing the labels a little bit. These are very old school labels. If you look at it. There's nothing creative about that. The Canadian team is really thinking about rebranding entirely. So there may be a possibility that we will slowly start to different from the US but at the launch and if you feel it is easier to leverage our US kind of branding then we're also very. And it's all of Our inventory right now. That's my only concern. It is under new ownership in the U.S. i have not met the user but we will need to. So you know, I'm hopeful that they'll be successful in that worst case scenario. The answer is no. Do you foresee any. That you just have to go through the regular bind program, start from scratch. I think that's a really good suggestion you've made there. So I will. But I'm not entirely sure how they want to play that option. They've asked them to link the.com on our Shopify site. We've done that as a favor. We're going to use traffic back to them anyway. So maybe as a favor. It would be. It would be. Yeah. Right. Okay. That should have been our first question here. Right. No, the UPCs are completely different and the reason. There's a couple reasons for that is the. We also called 500 mil. I believe we do it for 73. So we, we've done it very differently. That.

Speaker B: Now that.

Speaker A: Yeah, I, I do have a question that maybe this is where I want to understand your services a little bit more. I mean I, I am on the side of having something kind of full servant A to Z have the one thing optimized and also the creative. I don't think you provide creative as I have looked into you AI related type of agencies that could produce and things like that. But I think maybe I'll throw that back to you. Is that something that you provide.

Speaker C: A lot of it ourselves too. So the website has some of it but we also had a lot of it that we used for social that we're happy to recycle. And so the creative for us is really important because we want to be able to use, you know, the opportunity to really show the Canadian uniqueness of the product. And right now the other ones are all American. So do you work with any agencies that do like that full score design or do you prefer.

Speaker B: Well, not really with any specific agencies. I have worked with people.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. Sometimes they're contractors of other clients or employees. So I'm not sure they will be. I mean if I can connect with any of them but I can try. That's one of the things you can do.

Speaker C: Okay. And from your opinion. I know, I know this is a really hard question to ask just in terms of aspect for something like this. Is there an amount that you would typically suggest for newer brand launch

Speaker A: for

Speaker C: kind of setting the expectation for what the team should be expecting?

Speaker B: That's a good question. And that can Be a tough question too. So it is, it is, you're familiar with how Amazon works and, and you said that you have also tried to put in a lot of money up front for the first few months and that is how usually it works on Amazon, right? So when you are listing on Amazon, Amazon doesn't know your product, nobody, no customer knows your product. And because of that you don't have any organic ranking for any keywords on Amazon. If you want to show up, you have to advertise. And then when you advertise as a result, when it gets impression and then if customers find it relevant, they click eventually check them out check the product out digital page view and then add it to cart and then buys the product. All of these are considered seamless. And I'm sure Amazon is not just limited to these few they have, they're collecting a lot more data. But based on all of this data, Amazon is trying to do determine whether the things people are searching with if this product, if our product is relevant or not. Amazon wants to give a good customer experience. So if they see that people are finding our product relevant when they're searching for particular keywords or search terms that to Amazon means oh, so if I show up this product on top of the search result, that's basically the customer experience. So because of which we definitely have to rely on ads at the beginning. Usually that is how it works and maybe if it works out well, then maybe after the six month we can keep on reducing that. It's not like all of a sudden, let's say at the beginning your 90% of the sales, 5 first month, let's say 90% of your sales will be because of ads and then maybe it will go down slowly to 60% after the third month. So as we stop relying that much on ads, our ad spend as a percentage of the total revenue also will, will shrink with time. So and now I'm going to tell you a number and this is going to sound really, really bad but at the beginning, let's say for the first time months we may end up spending on a typical launch if we really rely on ads. 60 to 70% of the revenue on ads. Which is, which is going to mean. Yeah, yeah, that will.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. And then in terms of your services, is it based on a position percentage of the ad spend or do you have cover your services calculated and so your model right.

Speaker B: For the setup phases set up so listing setup or let's say I have to do one time things like SEO or Help you with the SEO company, all of those stuff. Now there's a fee for that. And then for ad management or ongoing management, we do typically. Typically do a hybrid model. We're flexible there, but we can. We can do totally a fixed pricing or a hybrid. So for hybrid, we charge. We keep the retainer low and then charge a percentage of the sales.

Speaker C: Got it. Okay. Okay. And so I see you're managing. You're managing. Are you managing other, like PPGs?

Speaker A: Other.

Speaker C: Is it primarily food or are you in other categories as well?

Speaker B: Well, it's primarily CPGs and supplements. So anything in this world. I mean, anything in the CPG world.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: You may know some brands. You may know no Sugar company. They are also in Mississauga, actually.

Speaker C: Yeah, I know those bigger.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah,

Speaker C: no Sugar. What's his name? He also runs or did he sell it? Slim Creek? No, no, I'm somebody else. I'm thinking of the guy that Joy Burst.

Speaker B: Oh, Joy Burst.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Joy Burst is also something I'm managing. Slim Week. Crossfield is not that big online, but that is also with me. And then three farmers, you may know three farmers in Saskatchewan.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. And is it only Amazon? Are you doing other channels? Walmart.

Speaker B: So far it's primarily Amazon. And Instacart is something I have recently started doing. My recent day. It's been a while. It's been about six, seven months. Yeah. But Instacart is really good for retail. If you want to boost. If you want to boost, let's say in store velocity, especially when a brand is launching towards the. In the. In the new stores. Yeah, it's really effective. But then, I mean, practically speaking, you have to measure effectiveness with other ways of marketing products. For example, demos.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker B: But Instacart compares quite well.

Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. This is really helpful. Did you have any other questions for me or.

Speaker B: Well, I do have more questions. So in terms of, you know, number of products that we need to handle and then we need to talk about the next steps. What should we do after this meeting? Yeah, so those are the things I'd like to talk about.

Speaker C: So right now, you know, we looked at the kind of unit economics because we find that things, and that's probably why our us friends are doing it with a two pack, is that it just makes it more cost effective for us to go with a two pack or a 500 mil spray. So there'll be two packs and then we would want to sell the gallon. And the gallon, really the purpose of the 4 gallon is to act as a resume and that would be your bulk. So interior, it's the two pack and the four liter. We could down the road introduce smaller. We have some discussion. Our US partners right now, they sell, I believe, of 10 mil to female. It's compliant to take in the airport. And so we have an opportunity later to introduce some smaller. We want to first test because these are the ones that we see at least with the US Rents, where there's more traffic and more interest. A two pack and then a four gallon. On our retail side, it depends on what the retailer wants. So we don't. You know, I know that's not really a factor for Anthem, but we. Our production line can go as low as 10mil all the way up to and barrels. So really for us, it's testing Amazon to see what people are preferring if they want, maybe they want something bigger than a 5 mil tube pack. We don't know quite yet, but these are what we want to start with.

Speaker B: Okay, so that is different sizes and in terms of, you know, original pants. You. How many that would be. I mean, I said that those are the different pack sizes, but in terms of original, I mean, the parent skus. How many that would be.

Speaker C: How many parent skus.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker C: well, when you say the parent skus would really be just the single. The 500 mil is your main. Is your main sku, if you will. And we would be selling those in a bundle.

Speaker B: Got it. Just one. Just one product, literally. Got it. Okay.

Speaker C: And then the 4 gallon is the bigger. The bigger bulk bottle. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, understood, understood. So for SEO, copy and content purposes, I'll treat that as just one product.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: So in terms of the next steps, I gave you three initial steps that we need to take care of even before we talk about launching products on Amazon in terms of ads and all. So how would you like to go ahead with those three products? Or is that something that you're considering to do right now or is there something that you want to do down the line

Speaker A: very much?

Speaker B: Oh, I'm. I was asking in terms of executing on the next steps, is that something that you want to do right now or is there something you're thinking of doing down the line?

Speaker C: It's definitely down the line because we are just in the middle of the transition. And so right now, because the US side was purchased by another company, we're trying to sort out the Canadian side as well. So the Canadian side is going through some ownership changes and so I'll be kind of leading that process. So I Don't think it's going to happen right now. So this is really an initial discussion for me to kind of take back to the team and say this is the game plan. A large part of the reason why the Canadian Fed hasn't gone at the Amazon route, it's for those obvious reason, the margins. And so from the production perspective, we want to just reassess our cogs. We want to make sure that is it worth it for us. So we still have to do that level of analysis. The reason why we haven't landed yet is our material costs have gone up a little bit in the last few weeks, as you can imagine. And so we are doing that now. Once we know the numbers, we'll make that determination. Our US side, the bottles and all the stuff that they purchase, they own the full supply chain. We don't. And so that's why their costs are a lot lower than ours. We import most of our stuff from the U.S. so there's also a disadvantage from that side of things. So we still need to calculate through. We want to make sure it makes sense to go on Amazon. And so I would suspect maybe within the next three months we should know better.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay, sounds good. Just want to know about the timeline. All right. Is there something else that you want to ask me or discuss on this call?

Speaker C: No, I think, I think for the most part you've answered everything. Yeah, it would have been nice if we could have leveraged the US

Speaker A: review.

Speaker C: That certainly would have kick started a law trip. I know because it's a different upc, but. No, I think you've answered everything. I will, I'm still kind of working this through, so once I get a little bit more information, I, I will message you and give you an update, but I suspect within the next three months.

Speaker B: So you know what, let's say a few months. Would you say like April May? Is that something are you looking at.

Speaker C: I think by then, yeah.

Speaker B: All right. All right. So I will look forward to talking to you in, in the next few months then and get started with.

Speaker C: Yeah, okay. Okay. Well, really nice speaking with you. Thank you so much.

Speaker B: Yeah, thank you so much.

Speaker C: Take care. Bye.

Speaker B: I know.

Speaker C: Okay, have a good day.

Speaker B: You too.

