Transcript for: Recording__529.mp4
Title: Recording #529
============================================================

Hey prashant. Can you hear me? Prashant. Hello. Yeah. Hi. Hi. Well, thanks for joining. How are you doing today? Good, thank you. I'm good. Well. So which city are you in in India? Nagpur city. Nagpur. Okay. Well, I was looking at your resume. It's. It's. It looks like you have been working in the same company for a very long time. Yes. Actually eight and. Eight and six months almost. I have worked for the same company. Yeah. And is that company also in Nagpur? Yes. Okay. So Prashant, before you joined this call, I guess you took a look at our company. And did you get a chance to take a look? And what did you. If you did, what did you find out? Actually I. After that I have joined right now for some new company and it is a night shift. But I have facing some problem. Like according before the joint they are committed to the working time is 6pm to 3am for their company. A fulfillment center. I see. So I'm sorry Prashant, to stop you there. You mentioned that you are working in this company. So is it a second job or are you. Have you just switched the last job and joined a new company? Yeah, I switch the last job. Okay. And join. I see. And their requirements are night shifts and that's not working out for you? Yeah, I'm comfortable. Oh yeah. So Prashant, I understand that you switched the new switch to a new job. What I wanted to ask you. Did you get a chance to take a look at what we do as a company? Did you get a chance to. What did you find out about us? Find out for example your job is requirement like Amazon, Walmart platform. And I have so many experience working on the Amazon platform and Walmart platform. And already I have the experience to work on the website like created on the Magento platform. Yeah. Yeah, I see that. So Prashant, a little bit about our company. It's a retail media agency. Very small. It's like a. We are. We are three people, just a small team. We work with primarily CPT brands, consumer product brands, anything else. Supplement food, cosmetic items and help them grow their business on platforms like Amazon. Primarily Amazon and then some Costco, Instacart and we are also starting to do Walmart. So these are the things that we do. And I took a look at your resume. It looked like you worked at this company for a long time and looked like that you have been working from the strategy side and all of those. All of these things that will actually impact and help the business grow. So I was Interested in talking with you. Okay, so I mean if you. I get it that you were looking for a new opportunity. You worked in the last company for a long time. What would be ideal for you? What kind of job are you looking for? Actually I am handling the Amazon platform and working as a E commerce manager and three peoples working under with me and everything I have managed on the Amazon platform like create a new listing account health and some issues we are facing on the listing. So how to resolve this problem. So create a support case. And apart from that for example FBA also I have managed how to create the shipment how to inventory management and for everything on listing like create new listing for singular bulk and every thing update on these listings like inventory management, pricing update, creating the. Or for example update the details like titles, bullet point descriptions. And also I have managed the A plus content also on Amazon platform. Yeah, so this is. Yeah, well, I understand that. You know what I wanted to know more about I why. What is the reason? What is the motivating factor for behind leaving your current job and what would be ideal for you? You know, I'm not asking more about your skills and all, but rather than that I'm asking from your side of a point of view that what would be actually. Actually the reason to find out the new job? Because my client has switched the company and a new company has on the Mumbai and my current company has not the previous. Actually the my client has not right now on my company. He switched the new company. That's why I looking for the new job. Okay. Okay. So this look like your employer lost a client and that was the client. Yes. Handle that is. Oh, okay. So you. You see there is a risk of getting laid off. Is that. Is that the reason? No, actually the employer and client some communication. What is the exact reason? I don't know. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So you know what Prashant? I see that you're familiar with all things Amazon how to operate on that you are familiar with everything on almost. But here what I need is somebody who is capable of. Let's say we have clients, right? And to understand clients, to understand and analyze the current situation of the client's account, what the objectives are. And based on these two things, one should be able to come up with a strategy and action plan and also deliver on those things. So that is the kind of strength I need in somebody. Because you know what? As a company. I understand. Let me tell you a little bit as a company because we are very small and at this stage the primary goal should be Growth for our company. That means someone should be working on the growth company's growth and that person ideally should be me. And I should be the one to start at least. Right. So for that I need more time for that. If I am too busy with fulfilling the client work myself or just communicating with the clients, that's not going, that's not never going to happen. And that's the reason I'm looking for someone who is capable of doing that. Yeah. So I have experience to communicate with the client as a actually daily basis. We have a communicator with the client how to working process, how we how many orders we have, issue how many dollar value of the today's order. And actually client has give the goals and target as well. And so many times we have achieved the target and client has give the appreciation amount as well in every three months. Okay. And for the COVID time we have get the good orders because we are selling the medical related product and safety related products for any gloves oil as well. So that time we have received the good orders with the dollar value and that time we have received the good amount for the appreciation. Got it. So the client name was. I see. Packaging Supplies by Mail. Right. Packaging Supplies by Mail is a website and the client name is Jitesh Punamya. Okay, I see. Well, you know what that is? I think that as the next step what I would like to do is I'd like to come up with an imaginary or even real life situation of a client. And, and what I would ask you is to make a plan of action for that I would expect something detailed. I mean it's not like you have to write pages after pages but you know, something that will be impactful and I mean kind of in a chronological order. I'll give you all those things. I'll send you something in writing. So that will be the next assessment and that is kind of the last assessment. You can say. Okay, yeah. And before I let you go, I do have some questions about the availability and also the compensation. So for availability you see we are based in Canada. So it's not like I'm going to ask you to stay awake all night. That will be like a torture to me. It feels like that. But I feel that there should be some match. So for example, I mean at least one shift, there should be at least one ship where we are available. So that means, let's say here it could be 9 to 1pm 9am to 1pm that that would mean your evening time. So but that's late Evening. So, for example, 1pm right now will mean I think 10:30pm at your place. Okay. So. Ist time. Sorry? Ist time. Yes. Yeah. So. Yeah, it's like. So if you consider eight hours a day that is like you have to start somewhere in afternoon and then you'll finish at night. Something around that. Yeah, I'm comfortable. Yeah. And what. What are your thoughts about the compensation? Actually I don't have the thought about the compensation. Because the previous company we have don't recommend it to the client for the compensation. But after that we have achieved the goals and targets. Client has already give the compensation according to their profits. Okay. So that means you had some kind of commission structure. Only I am satisfied with my salary expectation. Other than that is a compensation if I have received. So. Very nice. Okay. So what is your salary expectation? Right now I have working on 30k per month. 3, 6 per year. It is my package. So. Got it. It's a simple also expectation to me. Yeah. If I have achieved the goal and meet the target. So then if the client want to give the appreciation amount. So I'm Got it. Well yeah, I get it. I am offering 4 lakh to start with. That's where we are starting. And then you know we are very small. And since you are, if you end up working with us, the growth potential is there. There's one advantage of being small. There's a tremendous growth opportunity. So if we do that then. Then we can also think about a compensation structure according to your contribution in the company. So yeah, I believe that I have asked pretty much everything that I wanted to ask. But Prashant, please remember the assessment that I'm going to send. It's a really crucial step because that's why I want to see how much in depth knowledge you have about the industry and what you're capable of. So please take your time. If you're sincere about it, please take your time to do it. That's. That's a request. I just wanted to say this because you know in some cases you may feel or many people may feel, well, I may not get hired. Why should I invest so much time to just do this? But that is really important. That is where it's going to be serious step for me to see what people actually come up with. Okay. Before I go, Prashant, this space, e commerce space is ever changing. Amazon, if you talk about Amazon, Walmart, anything is changing. So how do you keep up? How do you learn about the updates? How do you keep yourself up to date? Actually daily I have checked the update like. Of. For like Amazon Daily. I have checked the Amazon update on the Amazon platform. There are so many options to see. For example, for example for Amazon update of actually exact name I don't have remember but the Amazon Farm support system. Whenever I have find out the new updates on the Amazon I have search on the support system for help and find out what is the new update on. For example inventory portion has been changed inventory look like for a different role. So I'm searching out on the whole health support system. Got it. And Prashant, so one more thing. You are more experienced on the side of inventory and listing creation. Probably some SEO, right? But probably you don't do too much from the advertisement side. It's mostly from strategy and operation. Yes, because. Because my client has hired the consultant to manage the advertisement platform. So he has created the advertising and only we have manager. For example, what is the exact report how many CP pay per click we have received and how many we have spent how many dollar we have get the orders. Got it. And what is the exact profit? So just I have managed but I don't have any experience to create the advertising. Got it. Okay. No, we are not looking for someone who is going to manage ads. That's not what we are looking for. We are looking for more someone more like who is going to have strategy. Of course that's the most important part. But also some day to day operation and tracking. Let's say there are some company KPIs we should be able to you know, keep in keep an eye on that. And so that if something goes wrong then we should be able to take action immediately. That even may happen from advertisement side. But I mean we may have KPIs that needs tracking. That's also where we may need help. Actually everything has apart for the advertising, the consultant deal with the client. What is the budget he has set for the listings. So I don't have the experience to create the advertisement, but I have experience to manage the advertising. What is the pay per click and what is the spender? We are going on the listings. How many dollar values we have received on the listings? Yeah, and I understand that of course. Yeah, that's good. Awesome. Prashant, that is it from my end. Do you want to ask something? Some questions? You have something to ask? Actually right now I don't have any questions but just I want to know what is the next step to join or you have sent the assessment, right? And after that after the review. The assessment? Yes, it is the next step. Well, after we review the assessment. What we will do is we'll of course get in touch with people and then people who take the time to take a participant in the assessment. I think even if we don't want to work with them in case. I think it's a. It's going to be a good gesture from our end to reach out and at least let them know about the outcome. That is the next step. And if we go with somebody, let's say you, after the assessment, after reviewing it, next step will be. Of course we are. We need someone quite soon. So that'll. The next step is confirmation, basically. And Prashant, one, something we would like to clarify. You will not be an employee, by the way, although it's like full. Like legally you will not be an employee because we don't have a legal entity in India. We cannot hire anybody as employee, by the way. So it's like legally or for tax reasons, you will be a contractor. Is that fine with you? Think about it. Yeah, it's fine. For example, it's a freelancer, actually. A freelancer. Not really a freelancer. We are going to have you full time as if you are an employee. It's just that I. We don't have an entity in India so we cannot legally hire you as an employee. So the payment. Okay. Yeah, yeah. And what is the offer? Or you have told me it's 4 lakh per annum. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So it's okay for me actually if the. You don't have the. As an employee, like, like consider. But, but what is the salary process? So how is. Per month is per month as if you are an employee. So it's going to be regular. We. I don't want you to. So I mean, I don't want to deviate too much from your expectations. Not at all. It's just that you'll get paid as if you are an employee. But legally we are not capable of hiring someone from India as an employee. That's the difference. Okay, got it. Okay. All right. So Prashant, what I will do is I'll probably send you the assessment within next two days and maybe will decide. Maybe you can take three, four days after that to submit the assessment. I'll communicate that in the chat. Yeah. Okay. Okay, got it. All right. Yeah. Thank you so much. Yeah, thank you. Yeah. Have a nice. Yeah, have a nice day. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Hey prashant.

Speaker B: Can you hear me?

Speaker A: Prashant. Hello. Yeah. Hi.

Speaker B: Hi.

Speaker A: Well, thanks for joining. How are you doing today?

Speaker B: Good, thank you.

Speaker A: I'm good. Well. So which city are you in in India?

Speaker B: Nagpur city.

Speaker A: Nagpur. Okay. Well, I was looking at your resume.

Speaker B: It's.

Speaker A: It's. It looks like you have been working in the same company for a very long time.

Speaker B: Yes. Actually eight and. Eight and six months almost. I have worked for the same company.

Speaker A: Yeah. And is that company also in Nagpur?

Speaker B: Yes. Okay.

Speaker A: So Prashant, before you joined this call, I guess you took a look at our company. And did you get a chance to take a look? And what did you. If you did, what did you find out?

Speaker B: Actually I. After that I have joined right now for some new company and it is a night shift. But I have facing some problem. Like according before the joint they are committed to the working time is 6pm to 3am for their company. A fulfillment center.

Speaker A: I see. So I'm sorry Prashant, to stop you there. You mentioned that you are working in this company. So is it a second job or are you. Have you just switched the last job and joined a new company?

Speaker B: Yeah, I switch the last job.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And join.

Speaker A: I see. And their requirements are night shifts and that's not working out for you?

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm comfortable.

Speaker A: Oh yeah. So Prashant, I understand that you switched the new switch to a new job. What I wanted to ask you. Did you get a chance to take a look at what we do as a company? Did you get a chance to. What did you find out about us?

Speaker B: Find out for example your job is requirement like Amazon, Walmart platform. And I have so many experience working on the Amazon platform and Walmart platform. And already I have the experience to work on the website like created on the Magento platform.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, I see that. So Prashant, a little bit about our company. It's a retail media agency. Very small. It's like a. We are. We are three people, just a small team. We work with primarily CPT brands, consumer product brands, anything else. Supplement food, cosmetic items and help them grow their business on platforms like Amazon. Primarily Amazon and then some Costco, Instacart and we are also starting to do Walmart. So these are the things that we do. And I took a look at your resume. It looked like you worked at this company for a long time and looked like that you have been working from the strategy side and all of those. All of these things that will actually impact and help the business grow. So I was Interested in talking with you. Okay, so I mean if you. I get it that you were looking for a new opportunity. You worked in the last company for a long time. What would be ideal for you? What kind of job are you looking for?

Speaker B: Actually I am handling the Amazon platform and working as a E commerce manager and three peoples working under with me and everything I have managed on the Amazon platform like create a new listing account health and some issues we are facing on the listing. So how to resolve this problem. So create a support case. And apart from that for example FBA also I have managed how to create the shipment how to inventory management and for everything on listing like create new listing for singular bulk and every thing update on these listings like inventory management, pricing update, creating the. Or for example update the details like titles, bullet point descriptions. And also I have managed the A plus content also on Amazon platform. Yeah, so this is. Yeah,

Speaker A: well, I understand that. You know what I wanted to know more about I why. What is the reason? What is the motivating factor for behind leaving your current job and what would be ideal for you? You know, I'm not asking more about your skills and all, but rather than that I'm asking from your side of a point of view that what would be actually.

Speaker B: Actually the reason to find out the new job? Because my client has switched the company and a new company has on the Mumbai and my current company has not the previous. Actually the my client has not right now on my company. He switched the new company. That's why I looking for the new job.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So this look like your employer lost a client and that was the client.

Speaker B: Yes. Handle that is.

Speaker A: Oh, okay. So you. You see there is a risk of getting laid off. Is that. Is that the reason?

Speaker B: No, actually the employer and client some communication. What is the exact reason? I don't know.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So you know what Prashant? I see that you're familiar with all things Amazon how to operate on that you are familiar with everything on almost. But here what I need is somebody who is capable of. Let's say we have clients, right? And to understand clients, to understand and analyze the current situation of the client's account, what the objectives are. And based on these two things, one should be able to come up with a strategy and action plan and also deliver on those things. So that is the kind of strength I need in somebody. Because you know what? As a company. I understand. Let me tell you a little bit as a company because we are very small and at this stage the primary goal should be Growth for our company. That means someone should be working on the growth company's growth and that person ideally should be me. And I should be the one to start at least. Right. So for that I need more time for that. If I am too busy with fulfilling the client work myself or just communicating with the clients, that's not going, that's not never going to happen. And that's the reason I'm looking for someone who is capable of doing that.

Speaker B: Yeah. So I have experience to communicate with the client as a actually daily basis. We have a communicator with the client how to working process, how we how many orders we have, issue how many dollar value of the today's order. And actually client has give the goals and target as well. And so many times we have achieved the target and client has give the appreciation amount as well in every three months.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And for the COVID time we have get the good orders because we are selling the medical related product and safety related products for any gloves oil as well. So that time we have received the good orders with the dollar value and that time we have received the good amount for the appreciation.

Speaker A: Got it. So the client name was. I see. Packaging Supplies by Mail. Right.

Speaker B: Packaging Supplies by Mail is a website and the client name is Jitesh Punamya.

Speaker A: Okay, I see. Well, you know what that is? I think that as the next step what I would like to do is I'd like to come up with an imaginary or even real life situation of a client. And, and what I would ask you is to make a plan of action for that I would expect something detailed. I mean it's not like you have to write pages after pages but you know, something that will be impactful and I mean kind of in a chronological order. I'll give you all those things. I'll send you something in writing. So that will be the next assessment and that is kind of the last assessment.

Speaker B: You can say. Okay, yeah.

Speaker A: And before I let you go, I do have some questions about the availability and also the compensation. So for availability you see we are based in Canada. So it's not like I'm going to ask you to stay awake all night. That will be like a torture to me. It feels like that. But I feel that there should be some match. So for example, I mean at least one shift, there should be at least one ship where we are available. So that means, let's say here it could be 9 to 1pm 9am to 1pm that that would mean your evening time. So but that's late Evening. So, for example, 1pm right now will mean I think 10:30pm at your place.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So.

Speaker B: Ist time.

Speaker A: Sorry? Ist time. Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So. Yeah, it's like. So if you consider eight hours a day that is like you have to start somewhere in afternoon and then you'll finish at night. Something around that.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm comfortable.

Speaker A: Yeah. And what. What are your thoughts about the compensation?

Speaker B: Actually I don't have the thought about the compensation. Because the previous company we have don't recommend it to the client for the compensation. But after that we have achieved the goals and targets. Client has already give the compensation according to their profits.

Speaker A: Okay. So that means you had some kind of commission structure.

Speaker B: Only I am satisfied with my salary expectation. Other than that is a compensation if I have received. So. Very nice.

Speaker A: Okay. So what is your salary expectation?

Speaker B: Right now I have working on 30k per month. 3, 6 per year. It is my package. So.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: It's a simple also expectation to me. Yeah. If I have achieved the goal and meet the target. So then if the client want to give the appreciation amount. So I'm Got it.

Speaker A: Well yeah, I get it. I am offering 4 lakh to start with. That's where we are starting. And then you know we are very small. And since you are, if you end up working with us, the growth potential is there. There's one advantage of being small. There's a tremendous growth opportunity. So if we do that then. Then we can also think about a compensation structure according to your contribution in the company. So yeah, I believe that I have asked pretty much everything that I wanted to ask. But Prashant, please remember the assessment that I'm going to send. It's a really crucial step because that's why I want to see how much in depth knowledge you have about the industry and what you're capable of. So please take your time. If you're sincere about it, please take your time to do it. That's. That's a request. I just wanted to say this because you know in some cases you may feel or many people may feel, well, I may not get hired. Why should I invest so much time to just do this? But that is really important. That is where it's going to be serious step for me to see what people actually come up with. Okay. Before I go, Prashant, this space, e commerce space is ever changing. Amazon, if you talk about Amazon, Walmart, anything is changing. So how do you keep up? How do you learn about the updates? How do you keep yourself up to date?

Speaker B: Actually daily I have checked the update like. Of. For like Amazon Daily. I have checked the Amazon update on the Amazon platform. There are so many options to see.

Speaker A: For example,

Speaker B: for example for Amazon update of actually exact name I don't have remember but the Amazon Farm support system. Whenever I have find out the new updates on the Amazon I have search on the support system for help and find out what is the new update on. For example inventory portion has been changed inventory look like for a different role. So I'm searching out on the whole health support system.

Speaker A: Got it. And Prashant, so one more thing. You are more experienced on the side of inventory and listing creation. Probably some SEO, right? But probably you don't do too much from the advertisement side. It's mostly from strategy and operation.

Speaker B: Yes, because. Because my client has hired the consultant to manage the advertisement platform. So he has created the advertising and only we have manager. For example, what is the exact report how many CP pay per click we have received and how many we have spent how many dollar we have get the orders.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: And what is the exact profit? So just I have managed but I don't have any experience to create the advertising.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay. No, we are not looking for someone who is going to manage ads. That's not what we are looking for. We are looking for more someone more like who is going to have strategy. Of course that's the most important part. But also some day to day operation and tracking. Let's say there are some company KPIs we should be able to you know, keep in keep an eye on that. And so that if something goes wrong then we should be able to take action immediately. That even may happen from advertisement side. But I mean we may have KPIs that needs tracking. That's also where we may need help.

Speaker B: Actually everything has apart for the advertising, the consultant deal with the client. What is the budget he has set for the listings. So I don't have the experience to create the advertisement, but I have experience to manage the advertising. What is the pay per click and what is the spender? We are going on the listings. How many dollar values we have received on the listings?

Speaker A: Yeah, and I understand that of course. Yeah, that's good. Awesome. Prashant, that is it from my end. Do you want to ask something? Some questions? You have something to ask?

Speaker B: Actually right now I don't have any questions but just I want to know what is the next step to join or you have sent the assessment, right? And after that after the review. The assessment? Yes, it is the next step.

Speaker A: Well, after we review the assessment. What we will do is we'll of course get in touch with people and then people who take the time to take a participant in the assessment. I think even if we don't want to work with them in case. I think it's a. It's going to be a good gesture from our end to reach out and at least let them know about the outcome. That is the next step. And if we go with somebody, let's say you, after the assessment, after reviewing it, next step will be. Of course we are. We need someone quite soon. So that'll. The next step is confirmation, basically. And Prashant, one, something we would like to clarify. You will not be an employee, by the way, although it's like full. Like legally you will not be an employee because we don't have a legal entity in India. We cannot hire anybody as employee, by the way. So it's like legally or for tax reasons, you will be a contractor. Is that fine with you? Think about it.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's fine. For example, it's a freelancer, actually. A freelancer.

Speaker A: Not really a freelancer. We are going to have you full time as if you are an employee. It's just that I. We don't have an entity in India so we cannot legally hire you as an employee. So the payment.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: And what is the offer? Or you have told me it's 4 lakh per annum.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. So it's okay for me actually if the. You don't have the. As an employee, like, like consider. But, but what is the salary process? So how is.

Speaker A: Per month is per month as if you are an employee. So it's going to be regular. We. I don't want you to. So I mean, I don't want to deviate too much from your expectations. Not at all. It's just that you'll get paid as if you are an employee. But legally we are not capable of hiring someone from India as an employee. That's the difference.

Speaker B: Okay, got it.

Speaker A: Okay. All right. So Prashant, what I will do is I'll probably send you the assessment within next two days and maybe will decide. Maybe you can take three, four days after that to submit the assessment. I'll communicate that in the chat.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay, got it. All right. Yeah.

Speaker A: Thank you so much.

Speaker B: Yeah, thank you. Yeah.

Speaker A: Have a nice.

Speaker B: Yeah, have a nice day.

Speaker A: Bye.

