Transcript for: Recording__1088.mp4
Title: Recording #1088
============================================================

Just for while we're waiting for Brad to join. I will be out next week on PTO for those who don't know. So, Nikhil, I know we're emailing about checks and wire payments. I'll bring my approver key with me. Okay. So I can do wires, but I won't be able to do any checks. So. I know I signed a whole bunch now, but if we need anything before then, then just heads up, I'm out Sunday after. That's fine. Okay. We just. Just so we know we have an excuse. Exactly. Jelka's away. Nobody gets paid. Where is she? She went to Disney. Nobody except employees. Saving Fun is not laughing at that one. He's like, I want me check. All right. Brad, are you joining or no? All right. Hey, Brad. Hey, what's up? Okay, so we have Steph, Sabrina, Patricia, Esha, Josh, Nikhil, Shoham, and myself on the line. We didn't get started. We were waiting for you. But I know you and Patricia had a conversation this morning about the forecast and kind of like the state of it and I guess where Nikhil has taken it. And I know that you mentioned that there were some big swings and gaps in Omni specifically. So maybe we can just, at a high level, go through what some of those gaps are, because I think each of the people on this call owns a piece of it. I think Shoham's been, you know, covering Amazon. Stephanie has been closest to Iherb. I know Asha is also going to be working on the forecast for Shopify and then later Amazon too, so. And transfers as well. So I think that it would be good for us to kind of have a lay of the land and then figure out how do we address those gaps for 2026 forecast. Okay. I mean, this wasn't an Omni. This. This meeting that I called together wasn't for Omni. Omni was a piece of it. And I mentioned, obviously what Patricia said as relates to Omni. The reason why Omni was brought up was that Nikhil had sent an email to you about, I think about a week ago asking for updates on Omni as one piece of the puzzle, because Nikhil and I had gone through Costco and Walmart transferring over Q4 of this year to Q1 of next year. And then the remaining, as he called it, the remaining 30% of sales adjustments that need to be reviewed by the respective salespeople are you and Shoham as it relates to Omni as one piece, Patricia, as it relates to her quote unquote account. And then Fine tuning the Walmart and Costco that, that, that me and Nikhil reviewed so that, that the basis of this email, of this conversation was touching base on next steps of sales forecasts, production forecasts, and the immediacy that was needed for Q1 at the very least because we're 12 weeks away from Q1 and that the production team doesn't know what they're buying for Q1 because of a forecast gap, that's going to be a problem for all of us. So how, how you want to start with, given that the structure of the email and that's the structure of the call. I'll let you decide. Okay. So with that context, I think that just, I guess this would apply specifically from Omni, but it could be applicable to the rest of it. If we had accurate sales for all of our accounts without out of stocks, it would be relatively easy to predict what our future sales are going to be for those items specifically for all things digital. Because if we sold, you know, 100 items last September, we could assume that we'll have like 5 to 10% growth or optimization and then, you know, bring those assumptions accordingly. Now, the problem with us, and I think that that's also the case for a lot of the smaller retail accounts, is that we're out of stock frequently. So it's difficult to use historical sales as the basis for the future sales because of so many out of stocks. So we do have to take that into account too, to say what was out of stock, which month, which item, and then manually make those adjustments. But I wanted to, I guess, at least from your perspective, Patricia, when, when there were some, you know, big gaps, was it out of stocks? I know that you mentioned there were like things that were missing on the forecast. So maybe we start with what are those gaps and then how do we address them? And we could talk strategically, how do we, you know, forecast for the following year? I honestly have zero information right now like this. Today is the first time that I've actually seen it and I actually review it on a high level. There's items that we have on the forecast that we're not selling. There's items that we're selling that are not on the forecast. And then within that, there is items that we're band aiding and using up retailer quantities because we don't have the army stock. And it's a mix of everything. And then even just for items that we are currently in stock, the forecast quantities are. There's a huge variance to what actual sales are. And I know we're not necessarily looking on a month to month basis. If an item shows 300 and we sold 100 for the fall for the last three months, are we adjusting the future forecast to be more accurate? But all of those things on a high level need to be looked at. Could I make a suggestion? So I'm going to just share my screen based on the sales forecast and the way I'm looking at it. And this is just something I did quick, based on Patricia's file that was already there just to keep the consistency familiarity going. It's just a pivot table showing customers and the skew descriptions of what we have. June, July, August is what we had initially planned. So none of this is actual, but this is what was planned for now. From my understanding, June, July and August are going to be nearly impossible to change in terms of production, like I would imagine, this is already being factored in. What I would suggest is if, and maybe Jelka and Patricia can help lead this. If everybody could take a segment of customers and or SKUs, however this is best managed and determine September, October and November, line by line based on year to date. What have we actually sold through each of those channels? These are all quantities of that. So just makes it easier in terms of units because dollars we can translate once we have a price for each. But if we just focus on September, October and November, we can literally just add September, October and November here. And literally we're just filling in quantities for each line and then we just go down. If you just take segments, we'll be through this 300 lines in no time. I honestly, I wouldn't suggest using this pivot table at all. We should use the main file because everything is based on a SKU level, not on a description. Well, I think if I can, if I can add in. I think Jacob, I mean you might agree we had mentioned about Esha potentially you know, taking this over and we haven't really gotten to the point of doing this analysis. So if using the other tab she grabs the last three months actuals and only flags what's out of stock, she'll be able to know whether that amount in the next month is true or not. And then just flag the ones that she needs to review with you and make sure that all the items are listed are on there and just kind of just do a quick overview to fix it, present it to you and then you can give the. Okay, sounds good. Keep in mind this pivot is from the combined tab. If you add any SKUs in here and then you Just refresh the pivot table. It'll fit right into here. The only reason I said the pivot is if you want to put notes on why we did that. Yeah, but sorry to add to that when you're adding notes to a pivot table. If something was to be filtered, it doesn't work. That's why. So for if I'm. Here's what I'm the reason I'm saying make it as easy for yourselves because multiple people are going to use this and ultimately this sales forecast that I get. This is what's going to drive the production. You want everything here. You can have different working copies. And then it's just a matter of pasting all the quantities in there. Well, all you would do is on the original sheet. All she has to do is just filter Omni. It would be the same. But she sees it on a SKU with the actual. It is. Yeah, that's for sure. If it's more comfortable to use this, that's fine. I've put in September, October and November. I just did this as a quick fix for. For me, you know, in an ideal setting, we're gonna have a 2025 forecast file or 2026 forecast file, where we start from, you know, September onwards. And you know, once these quantities are built in, there's nothing really stopping us from adding all the other months for the next year. So you can keep building on top of this, but I think the point was just aligning. How do we go about updating the individual quantities for each customer, each sku. So I will sit with Esha to show her because obviously I'm familiar with the file and what to do. I'll sit with her, show her what needs to be done. She can be the keeper of it on the Omni side. I'll tell her color code, any changes. So when that is sent to Nikhil to combine, as we always do, he knows what's been changed. And then we can do that on a. We'll see the frequency of it. We can do it on a monthly for now. If there's changes more often than monthly for Omni, she'll be able to do them daily anyway. So I think we should try that. If you agree, Joker. So is the goal to have the next, I guess, month, or are we doing it quarterly? Are we doing it for all of next year? I think the. This quarter, that September and November needs to be established sooner so that OPS has, you know, the visibility on what to order for production. But we should already be looking at December and beyond for up to next August because, you know, once we start looking at all the offline sales, the Omni is also going to play into the budget. So. So. But that we can revise and tweak, you know, as we close this year as well. And probably around end of July, we can finalize all of our next year. But I think for now, September, October, November, we should nail down. Okay. All right. I know that, like, when I was doing this, like, originally, it would take me a few days to go line by line, SKU by sku, channel by channel, because there's like six channels if you think about it. So I know, Esha, it's going to take you a while to kind of go through the files and pull up the actuals flag, like what was out of stock and how do we, like, compensate for it? So I would say that, you know, I obviously will be out next week, but if you do need support or have questions, definitely I would encourage you to meet with Shoham because he's done this for the last two years in terms of forecasting and predicting. So he could also give you guidance in terms of, you know, this is how we've done it. And I would say that, like, if we start with the actuals, then that would be. Or even historical sales from last September, October, November, that, that would be a good start. And then flagging, what were those out of stocks? And then how do we make those assumptions of, like, okay, we were out of stock of Keto Peanut Butter, now we're going to be out of stock of Fudge. Like, those two are comparable in sales. So pull those numbers and kind of make them in parallel. So, like, those assumptions that we've kind of had in the past and how we estimate it if we don't have the actuals, could be something that you could ask either Shoham or myself. So can I take a step back here? Because I actually was the one who called the meeting as it relates to the forecast. And it necessarily wasn't just Omni specific. I do have some questions to get us on the right page because there's a. Patricia came into my office this morning. She was asking me whether or not she's the owner of forecast, because there was a discussion before she left about financial finance taking a more invested interest in and doing the forecast. So it doesn't take our director of sales out of commission for like four days. And the sales forecast and production forecast has still, even with this, has still had us being out of stock. So the answer to that question that I provided was, yes, sales is still in charge of forecasts until it's been transferred over to Nikhil and financing. That will take some time. Nikhil and I spent a few hours together reviewing the forecast of Q4, this year's Q4, and seeing how that would translate to Q1, because we have an emergency on Q1 that production seems to not know in certain cases what they need or should be ordering. So Q1 is the priority because we're 12 weeks away and lead times of that. So that's point one that needs to be addressed today. The second part of that was Nikhil had sent out an email to Omni, Jelka and Shoham asking a week ago to review OMNI sales for Q1. So I wasn't on the beginning of that call, but I didn't hear an answer that has did in the last week Jelka and Shoham review Omni sales? We did not, no. Okay. So that wasn't done in the last week. So that needs to be in terms of that brought on the discussion with me and Patricia this morning, saying, Patricia, I don't know where Omni's at. I know to kill ass Omni for feedback a week ago. I'll ask them if they've done it. And then she made the comment, which I said I was going to write in the email, that even when it's been done in the past, there's been significant gaps in that with wrong SKUs, wrong inventory, wrong this wrong that she can be more tight detail with what the information that was incorrect, but that that needs to be buttoned up either by Jelka or by the new person on Ops to ensure that that is done correctly. So that's just as I said, part two of this and then part three is the most important, like the most heavy lifting in terms of Q1 purchasing is on Joy Burst, and it's specifically on Joy Burst hydration. And in my knowledge, in my estimation, me and Sabrina, or me Sabrina Hadjelka have had several meetings when Patricia was off many, many meetings detailing opportunities with Northwest 10 truckloads, detailing opportunities of TPDs potentially happening at the end of August and scenarios without confirmations and those conversations that we've had. My expectation is that the person in operations was obviously Sabrina, would be putting that into a production forecast and not necessarily needing to say, hey, Patricia, go put that into a production forecast for me. Because we've had these discussions and therefore they should be actioned. So I wanted to get clarity on that. If there's still any more confusion as it relates to production forecasts or joy burst as a whole between, between energy, between mocktails, between hydration, all our basic SKUs. Is there any hydration? Is there any confusion for what Q1 26 is needing? So on the hydration, the quantities that we've discussed over the last few days have been punched in manually to my production planner at a high level to make sure we have product. There has been changes since the last forecast that we've received plus minus here and there on things that obviously happen throughout sales that don't necessarily get to me. That was my request and the point as to why I went to Patricia, because as the keeper of all these up and downs, I wanted at the end of our conversations a final number on what it would be to make sure we have stock. That's how that conversation came up. I am still keeping the numbers that you and Joke and I discussed at a high level that's there. It's not going to change. But ideally when this new forecast gets sent revised. Sabrina, what are you, are you talking about when you're talking right now? Are you talking about Q4 of this year or are you talking about Q1 which is September, October, November of FY26? What are you talking about? Both, because for Q1 I have nothing. So for me to reply to flow on whether we could take production, I need something and I can't just copy the last three months because of the changes and Q4, just the changes up and down that I mentioned. So I'm so on Q4 which is hard to manipulate because it's our best effort basis with accounts changing their volume all of a sudden. Are you convinced you have all information on what is needed or what we're trying to achieve as it relates to Q4? I have what we talked about, for example 10 truckloads I punched it in, 100 pallets I punched it in. But again, since there's other changes that I was not incorporated in because I mean this is the only one Patricia was away. There's other conversations that happen. I just want to make sure that those numbers haven't changed. Anybody else was added, dropped and I know that she normally knows the whole total of these numbers, not just what you and me and Jelka talked about last week. So I, I can use the numbers that I have. AM I comfort 100%? That's the reality. No, in total I have a more accurate number. But again, that's the only reason why I brought it up. I kind of wanted a better number to make sure we have Stock when I'm being asked if we have enough. Yeah, but the thing is, a forecast is never an exact science. We're never going to get the number 100% right. But if we wait and wait and wait, we're going to be out of stock because we're waiting for precise numbers that are not possible to achieve. So again I'm going to reiterate to you on Q4. Do you have any other information that's needed for you to place those POs or anything else that needs to be resolved? Because that's an even further emergency than what we're on this call for which is Q1. No, in terms of ordering, it's done. I can't change any more Production with flow. Anything that I need component wise I will order. That's fine. What I need in terms of those numbers changing is whether you tell me are we going to be short in August or short in July. That's how can affect, how it can be affected if those numbers get a little bit more tightened per se. Okay, so base it on that. Q4 is put to bed. The whole exercise of me and Nikhil taking a look at Costco's numbers in Q4 and translating them over to Q1 knowing who are the. Who are the regions of Costco that are staying in hydration and who are the. What are the Walmart SKUs that are that we know are staying. So that will need to be consistently ordered. On the no sugar side, all that needs at this point for Costco and Walmart is Patricia to agree with our assumptions on that carryover because that's what me and Nikhil did. Correct. That's step one. So she needs to review what we put in for Q1 either for better lack of better word, bless it or say I think we should call it up a bit or whatever. Sorry. They all need changing. By what percentage? I can't tell you. Well then how do you know they need to be changed? Because of how the way that the math was done. And how is the math done? Like a 60% decrease on hydration like San Diego and LA alone like will change that number up. Nikhil, remind me when we did the sales for. When we did the sales for Costco my understanding was the number was taken at a 60% of Q4 because there was regions like Midwest that were no longer going to be had Given us an education. Yeah. So my note was for Mexico hydration 60% cut. No, this was for us. Sorry, 18 pack. We need to be cut it by 60% because Midwest no longer continues September to November so now reduce it to 60%. So Midwest and Northwest had not continued and all that was remaining was LA and San Diego. Both of those are now potentially in play because everything it seems week by week changes. But the reason for the forecast of Q1 was that we are down to two regions only and business center. But we took June, you took 104,000 as the base to then decrease it by 60%. We still have four regions that we're shipping. 60% is not valid for LA and San Diego alone. Okay, that's what I'm saying. Okay, so right now how long will it take you to review Costco specifically and and Walmart specifically? What's a reasonable timeframe that we can have your review on those two accounts from what we've provided? I would say by Monday because I'll have to do it on Sunday. Okay, and then as it relates to your specific accounts and when I say your specifics, anything outside of Costco and Walmart but does not include Omni, how long will it take you to review that? I'm not sure. I have like it depends on because we use June to August. I wouldn't have used that personally for example. So I have to check to see what is on there. At the very least I'm gonna have to do it by brand. There's no way that I can get all of them done like by next week. But if joy burst is a priority, seeing that we have a lot of no sugar items on order for August to last us a few months then I can try to get Drapers done by the thing that everybody has to understand including Omni. We are on, we are in June, we are in June 11th. We are 10 weeks away from September. We are already behind our 12 week cycle time of production. So every day or week that goes by that an input of numbers, good or bad, just an input of numbers that don't get put in, we are shooting ourselves in the foot that guarantees going to be out of stock. So my suggestion given that we have improved banking arrangements coming up in August and we cannot be out of stock and Q1 is typically a very slow quarter for us in terms of just in a best case scenario we should be over approximating so we don't move out on any sales right now because we're not putting in orders in a timely fashion. So I think we need to agree amongst myself as weights to, you know Costco and Walmart, your accounts outside of Costco, Walmart and Omni that by early next week Like Tuesday, we are putting in some sort of forecast for Q1 that the ops team needs to produce against. Or else we just might as well just say we're going to be out of stock and everything. Q1, that's. I can do September, but it's, it's way too much information to have done in like two days or one day. We need to like. It doesn't have to be that specific. It doesn't have to be that. It doesn't have to be that detailed at this particular time. Because if we don't put in pos, we're not going to have any product. Okay, so then for that then we just leave it how it is now, right? Leave what? How, how, how? Nikhil and I's first draft of it is. Well, I'm either going to be able to review it or not. So if the urgency is to have POS issued for September, for example, then I either look at September or we leave September as a copy of. I don't know if it was August or June or, or a mix of those months depending on, you know, what item and what customer it was. And then I could focus on like October and November, but. Okay, so Nikhil, do you have a suggestion on this? Because I'm like, a decision in this meeting has to be had. We can't have it that you send out an email to team and a week goes by and there's no action on it like that. We can't, we can't operate that way, especially as we're under the gun. So we need definitive dates where people will put in their forecast or that we're going to have to expect that their divisions, Omni, Walmart, Costco or whoever are going to be out of stock. And we're not solving pause. Omni already provided their forecast for the year and we continue to adjust our forecast on monthly basis based on actuals. So it's not like there was no forecast to work off of. There is a forecast now. My problem is if there are gaps, which Patricia is saying there are, I needed to understand what those gaps are. But as far as forecasts, when you, when you say that you put in a forecast for the year, what year are you talking about? We have it until August. That's not what we're talking about on this call. We're Talking about from FY26 onwards, from September 1st into the end of November at the very least. So do you. Has Omni provided a forecast? It takes us longer than a week to adjust the forecast for six different Channels. But I'm, I'm just asking to put clarity. Like, I'm not trying to put you on the spot. I'm asking for clarity. Have you provided a Q1 FY26 September to end of November forecast? Well, that's what we're talking about. And whether it's a week or two weeks, ultimately, we all know our production lead times are 12 weeks. So if a forecast has not been given 12 weeks out from September 1st, we're going to be out of stock. Our forecast for September, October, November will not be significantly different than what they were for the previous year. So I would always use that as the foundation for Omni. It's pretty straightforward. The only exceptions are out of stocks or band aid solutions where we have to ship in like 4 packs for 12 packs and all of that stuff that Patricia was talking. But, like, we don't have big swings like you guys do in terms of losing customers or, you know, getting taken off the shelf. Like, for us, it's pretty predictable as long as we have inventory. So. So our September, October should be the same, no problem. But you literally just started the conversation by saying it can't be done in a week, and then you're saying it's pretty predictable and it can be just taken from Q4. So if it is predictable, you want to do it line by line, skew by skew, and look at everything, but at a high level. The way that you've kind of given guidance to Nikhil, like our guidance is pretty simple too, in terms of. Look at September, October, November, look at out of stocks, and then we could just work on it at a high level. But if there are big swings or gaps, that's the piece that we would need to adjust. So this is what we need from you then in the essence of time, the same way I'm saying this for Patricia, in the essence of time, you need to, as the head of OMNI, bless a Q1 forecast that you're asking the, the, the operations team to work against producing towards, because until you do it, they are not going to. It doesn't seem like they're buying anything and we're going to be out of stock. Okay. And then if there are large gaps that Patricia is identifying to you that has happened in the past or gaps of wrong information that is happening in the past. The work doesn't just stop when the, the Q1 has been done at a high level. The, the tweaks of it that are. That are still needing to be addressed as we move on to FY26 need to be reviewed by somebody. Okay. And so from a, from an ongoing management perspective, it's to the Omni channel is the person who's responsible for the forecast of sales that then leads into being given to operations. Is that like, who is that? Is that you? Is that Showham? Is that on the OPS side? Now for the ongoing sales forecast, they get put into a production forecast. Sorry, you cut out. What was the question? On an ongoing basis, like this year, next year, this quarter, next quarter on Omni, who is the person who has final sign off on the forecast of sales that then turn into production forecast for Omni I like, so that the team has clear direction that says, until I get this from Jelka or Shoham or from ops, this thing is not approved yet and therefore I'm not ordering against it. Who is the person? It was Shoham. So, like, that's going to be moving forward? Well, I don't know. I think we're changing the, like, the process so that Asha works with Sabrina to adjust it and to move it into production so that it's more smoother in terms of forecasting and producing. Shoham would still bless it and like, look at it on a. On a holistic level, but I think that Esha would go in and understand it line by line. Okay, but we need, we need, we're trying to. For this meeting, we're trying to get clarity on a move forward basis. So what I'm gathering from what you're telling me, on a move forward basis, Esha is the person giving the sales forecast. And Esha knows that that forecast needs to be given a minimum of 12 weeks before each quarter and needs to be signed off and given to the OPS team. That's the process. No, I think the process should be for the full year and then we adjust it on a quarterly basis. So when we're. We could do it now because we're rushing for the September through November, but I think that our sales forecast should be reflecting the full FY26 and then we should be adjusting that on quarterly basis based on, you know, the changes on the products and stuff. Okay. So to. So to make sure we're on the same page for this situation, that we're in a pinch. We're in a pinch in terms of time, you, Jelka, will provide the forecast for Q1. Is that correct? Sure. Yep. Okay. Then the larger gaps that you're. The gaps that Patricia has identified or not, which is not as immediate, but those things will be ironed out, I guess, when you get back step two and then step three, the balance of the year, meaning Q2, Q3, Q4 for Omni. So all of FY26 will be coming from Eshaal in the next three to four weeks. Is that how we're going to do it? That could work, yep. Okay. So, Nikhil, that will be the responsibilities in terms of ensuring that we have that forecast coming that way from Omni on a move forward basis. That's good. Yeah. Well, we just had everybody here, this file that Patricia has and the one I just added the three columns on. If you play around, you can see the quantities for the last September to November, what we find. June, July, August and what basically I copied over to September, October, November. So some things will just pop to you, right? Because I think, yeah, Patricia had already updated September, October, November sales. Not so, not all. Not all. Omni is updated mostly only Joy Burst. So the biggest help would be to actually get September and May updated for Omni because then you can see rest of the three months versus what we have in September on how out and what we want to change. Because looking at the 12 months. Yeah, yeah. And you can. Anybody who wants this, who sees this file can open these columns and look at it. For example, like icpop, that doesn't seem to have sold anything September to November. But we're producing, you know, all the way through. So those things, you know, when they pop, you just know that they're not going to sell. So unless you have a reason to keep it on, they just take it out. So yeah, it can be done very high level, just not super high level that we have no idea what we're doing. But we just look at these three comparisons, we'll get pretty close to what the reality should be. And I think the big exceptions where we have a new product launching and there's going to be more marketing around it, you kind of already know that this is going to be selling more or less because we're discontinuing something. We just take those out. So, Nikhil, one of the things that we talked about that I said is super helpful and given that 70% of our business is Walmart and, and Costco, we get sales data for Walmart and Costco on a weekly basis that I've asked you to be included on. So when you look at the sell, when you look at the sell through of Costco and Walmart week by week, that should give you a baseline of what we sell through, by and large should be what we're ordering. The only thing that needs to be layered on from that which me and Patricia or Jelco have knowledge on is the TPDS is the demo schedule that is, that is above or different than what the last weeks have been. But unless that changes, the week to week sell through should be basically what they should be ordering because that's what they buy towards. No, it's a lot more because there's replenishment and there's DC holds. But Patricia, you're, you're, you're, you're the process in general. You buy what you sell. If you're filling a, if you, if you're filling a region and you need the region to have opening inventory plus sell through, that's one scenario. If you're in a region that's continuously like west in Costco Canada or LA or San Diego or Northwest and they continue with the item and there's no pipeline fill, then by and large what you should be looking at is a sell through each week on IRI and using that same for Walmart Canada, they, until they outside of their pipeline, it goes to what they're selling on a week to week basis. That's the forecast. On, on a high level you, the assumption is correct, but that doesn't translate to the orders that we get at all. Not even close. Which is why it stems to us being out of stock all of a sudden. They're ordering a lot more than we're expecting because they are keeping more in their warehouse or whatever the reasons may be. They never match what POS is. But Patricia, you have to help with this process because you just say like for example, you're just saying right now the sell through and what we get don't match at all. It's not even close, which is what you just said. To date, the forecast that we've had to. What we've produced has not become anywhere close. So our job amongst me, you, Jacque and finance is to close the gap and improve this process and improve this forecasting capability. Because we should be getting closer as time goes on of what our business is. We shouldn't have 40, we shouldn't have 40% fluctuations and such. And we're having that right now. And we're having. You're assuming that we're going to have product then, right? Because the biggest fluctuation that we've had on forecasts are all related to other stocks. What, sorry? That the assumption is that we're going to have product to sell. Well, we're not going to have product to sell if we don't start putting in some pos. So yes, that's. I get that. I would just rather not be. Because if you, if you look at it, even Walmart, if you only look at POS and start adjusting the forecast based on we sold 500 units a week, you will be out of stock. So I'm saying we can't be conservative in that end. We have to take into account that there is DC levels that need to be in stock at all times, depending on who the customer is, that that needs to be added into the forecast. Yeah. Do we have any like, and this is something I was asking Brad too, if we have any commitments in terms of fixed replenishment, you know, like base level replenishment that we've had to do so far that's going to carry out into the net in the Q1. Because in that case. Yeah, I agree. You don't want to use like last year, September, if there was an agreement during the year that going forward every week we're going to replenish these many units to Walmart stores. Well, what, what customer and what category are you talking about? I, I don't know. I'm just asking in general because our customers at Costco and Walmart, so between the two, if we have minimum commitments, then at bare minimum, we start with putting those quantities in. Costco is different. Like Costco is on a commitment basis and besides west, that is going to remain and now potentially like San Diego and la, like those are different, but everything else is on a commitment basis within a certain period. Walmart, they have their forecast that they provide us. Now it's extreme because most of the items are new, but if you look at what they've been ordering, where you look at POS like nothing matches yet, it'll get closer. But we need the information now. So I mean, I'd make the call based on a combination of September to November and year to date. And if you want to be like, if you feel optimistic about, you know, a customer like Walmart and a set of SKUs, then you want to bump it up 5%. Like are we like, if that's something, you know, you want to see, that's not going to drastically change the forecast, you know, for the, for the Q1, because I'm already looking at, based on the changes that Brad said, we're going to probably close Q1 at about 12 million if we don't change anything. Whereas last year we did nine, nine million. So we've upped it three over a year. We just want to look at what the big drivers were and if any SKUs are no longer listed, I'd start removing those. If there were any new SKUs that were added, I would start adding those and then do a more deeper dive as we have time because we could. This sales forecast in all my experiences can take forever if you wanted to but and still not get it, you know, 100 but at least if you get the big things out of the way by, by addressing the SKUs that are correct listed at the right store and then just a reasonability on the quantities like, you know, icpop clearly doesn't seem like we're going to sell September to November unless somebody has a good reason we're going to sell them. We just want to delete all of these. So just stuff like that would, would bring it already more in line with what it should be. And then if you have those fixed, you know, commitments for the next few weeks, those, those we can add, you know, to bump that up. But I wouldn't start with that just because you already highlighted some issues around some SKUs that we're no longer selling and some SKUs that don't exist, which I think we could add first. The one thing to take into account, and this is not for the regular forecast, this is for omni. About 40% of items this forecast are Omni related because of all the. You will see sales for them. But that's not the item that you need to add the forecast to. It needs to be the actual Omni skew. So take that into account when reviewing it because again, assuming that we're going to have product we want to sell the 12 count, not three, four. Right. But you will see the sales in the other sku. So because this is going to obviously go line by line, item by item, I think the items that. Or the lines that are in green are the actual sales or from the last year. Correct. Yeah. September to November. Column G2I. Okay, so that's essentially what I'll look to update before I leave in the next two days. Okay, so column S, T and U is. Is basically Q1 of 25, 2025. So fiscal 2026. And this is historical. So yeah. Okay, But like did everyone want this version or does Patricia want to share another version that's like this? I already made changes to yours, so. Okay. Okay. I'm guessing you still have those same columns, right? Omni I didn't touch. So they should be able to use the same file if everybody wants to use the combined tab to upload. That's Completely fine, whichever works. It's all the data that's important so long as it's something understandable. Like hey, September, October, November, this customer, this item, this is the quantity we're going to sell. It's just a matter of copy pasting it. So whatever works for everyone to update. I'm just saying it sounds like you have a newer version of this file that you made changes to. So if you want to share that then they can use that. Then as everybody updates it, just share it with the team or share with me and I can put it all in one file and then we can have another follow up this to that file for Omni related. So they can use the one that you had sent on the 4th or 5th. I can't remember when it was. Okay. The one that I have. Sorry, the one that I have does not have the actual sales. So the one that you're projecting. Nikhil. So if you could send me that one, I'll work off of that version. Okay. And then you could probably just hidden but I'll reshare this just so it's. It's easier to follow. It's the same file. Not all Omni sales have actual. Only Joy Burst is actual. So no sugar and some of Wild Necks. Even September through November. I never updated. I was only focusing on the big one. So if Esha wants to pull the reports for Omni year to date and update all of these numbers and it'll give you a better visibility on how you're going to end in the year. And you can see September to November last year to compare hair. Instead of having like six months of no data because it's empty or the original forecast is still there. If it's not colored dark green, it's not updated. Okay. Yeah. Nikhil, if you could send this to me. I mean, I don't know Ja, because you're going away. I'm going to show Esha how to do it. But I don't want to her to work on one if you're going to work on one. So let me know what you want to do. Let's the three of us maybe connect after this and then just come up with a plan of action so we don't everyone's. When you're pulling the report, make sure you take into account returns and corrections. You're not pulling a sales report, you're pulling the net of both. I'll ask you when it comes to pulling it. What like how to pull it properly. Okay, I'll send this out. Awesome. All Right. And then any news from Yaya as it relates to production and therefore how does that relates to cash flow? Production's happening next week for the missing products, but we did not get an update on which days yet. Steve is talking to them right now. Has there been an update on how many pallets we had to ship out and if those pallets have started to ship out? They're starting to ship out tomorrow morning. And POS have had to be changed to match 24 pallets per truck versus 28. So Patricia and Sasha were working on getting all of those changed, but the product is starting to ship out tomorrow. And how many pallets do we have? 404. That's confirmed with the 59mm. Okay, so if you can let Nikhil know that it's 404, that it's going to be going out by which date, and then we can approximate when that cash is going to be coming in because they pay in 15 days of delivery. That would be helpful. And then when you get the next week's. When you get next week's production schedule and what you think that will yield in terms of new pals coming in line that we can ship out again in June, that will be helpful as well. What was the total 404 you said? Yeah, that's what I was told. Okay. So they need another 300 to meet the 700 that we initially were hoping for June. Yeah. Okay. But not including the May bit that we needed that we did not produce. Okay. Yeah, no, the sooner that we know when we can get POS in house already because we only had asked them for 500. So technically we're gonna be part 94 pallets for the open orders. Right now. We're actually going to be short. We're going to be short. We. We gave him a forecast of 550. So to Dylan's knowledge, maybe that that's not what he sent over in POS. We're going to be short 550 minus 404 and then they're expecting another 150 to 200 at the end of June. So it's really important that we obviously get accurate numbers and how do we're going to make up these differences. And then we got to start working on on July because that's equally as important. Okay. So they only issued peels for 498. But then I think I had mentioned to you earlier, E Commerce sent in two POS for like 24 pallets combined. So that would over. But have. Because they. They had that they had the knowledge that 550 could be produced by us. So them sending over 524 is in line with the knowledge. And Costco business, or in line will regardless be upset when we're short. So it's, it's, it's important to let them know when Jelka gets the update from Yaya, what will be made next week in terms of actual yields and then what will be made, like as I said, for the balance of June and July. July they won't tell me now, but June they will. Well, July's in two weeks. No, I know, but they work on the production schedule towards like the last week of the month, so we'll know the exact. But they did commit to the volume originally. We just don't know which dates they're going to be hitting. And so you're trying to, you're saying that to your knowledge, Yahya has made it known to us that they'll never give us the production for the month. Besides one week before the month actually starts. One or two. So the last time for, for June production, the date confirmation came in, I think on the 18th, the month before. So that was basically when they said we could commit to a volume. But we can't tell you when in the month until midway through the month before. That's a difficult way to run the business. Seriously. I'm like, that's such a short time. It's hard to, it's hard to plan sales around that, it's hard to plan marketing around that. It's hard to plan finance around that, which I know, you know, you know all of this. But yeah, it's like they, they, they like Premier Protein. A billion dollar company making their products would not be able to work on that schedule. So that cannot be the norm. Yeah. Okay, well, try your best to let it and let us know. But we're still obviously from a cash position, anxiously waiting those details because we got suppliers of protein coming after us as well for payment and we need to know when money's coming in. All right, thanks guys. Thank you, guys. Thank you. Thanks. Bye. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Just for while we're waiting for Brad to join. I will be out next week on PTO for those who don't know. So, Nikhil, I know we're emailing about checks and wire payments. I'll bring my approver key with me.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So I can do wires, but I won't be able to do any checks. So. I know I signed a whole bunch now, but if we need anything before then, then just heads up, I'm out Sunday

Speaker C: after. That's fine. Okay. We just. Just so we know we have an excuse.

Speaker A: Exactly. Jelka's away. Nobody gets paid.

Speaker D: Where is she?

Speaker A: She went to Disney.

Speaker C: Nobody except employees.

Speaker A: Saving Fun is not laughing at that one. He's like, I want me check.

Speaker D: All right.

Speaker A: Brad, are you joining or no? All right. Hey, Brad.

Speaker E: Hey, what's up?

Speaker A: Okay, so we have Steph, Sabrina, Patricia, Esha, Josh, Nikhil, Shoham, and myself on the line. We didn't get started. We were waiting for you. But I know you and Patricia had a conversation this morning about the forecast and kind of like the state of it and I guess where Nikhil has taken it. And I know that you mentioned that there were some big swings and gaps in Omni specifically. So maybe we can just, at a high level, go through what some of those gaps are, because I think each of the people on this call owns a piece of it. I think Shoham's been, you know, covering Amazon. Stephanie has been closest to Iherb. I know Asha is also going to be working on the forecast for Shopify and then later Amazon too, so. And transfers as well. So I think that it would be good for us to kind of have a lay of the land and then figure out how do we address those gaps for 2026 forecast.

Speaker E: Okay. I mean, this wasn't an Omni.

Speaker C: This.

Speaker E: This meeting that I called together wasn't for Omni. Omni was a piece of it. And I mentioned, obviously what Patricia said as relates to Omni. The reason why Omni was brought up was that Nikhil had sent an email to you about, I think about a week ago asking for updates on Omni as one piece of the puzzle, because Nikhil and I had gone through Costco and Walmart transferring over Q4 of this year to Q1 of next year. And then the remaining, as he called it, the remaining 30% of sales adjustments that need to be reviewed by the respective salespeople are you and Shoham as it relates to Omni as one piece, Patricia, as it relates to her quote unquote account. And then Fine tuning the Walmart and Costco that, that, that me and Nikhil reviewed so that, that the basis of this email, of this conversation was touching base on next steps of sales forecasts, production forecasts, and the immediacy that was needed for Q1 at the very least because we're 12 weeks away from Q1 and that the production team doesn't know what they're buying for Q1 because of a forecast gap, that's going to be

Speaker F: a problem for all of us.

Speaker E: So how, how you want to start with, given that the structure of the email and that's the structure of the call. I'll let you decide.

Speaker A: Okay. So with that context, I think that just, I guess this would apply specifically from Omni, but it could be applicable to the rest of it. If we had accurate sales for all of our accounts without out of stocks, it would be relatively easy to predict what our future sales are going to be for those items specifically for all things digital. Because if we sold, you know, 100 items last September, we could assume that we'll have like 5 to 10% growth or optimization and then, you know, bring those assumptions accordingly. Now, the problem with us, and I think that that's also the case for a lot of the smaller retail accounts, is that we're out of stock frequently. So it's difficult to use historical sales as the basis for the future sales because of so many out of stocks. So we do have to take that into account too, to say what was out of stock, which month, which item, and then manually make those adjustments. But I wanted to, I guess, at least from your perspective, Patricia, when, when there were some, you know, big gaps, was it out of stocks? I know that you mentioned there were like things that were missing on the forecast. So maybe we start with what are those gaps and then how do we address them? And we could talk strategically, how do we, you know, forecast for the following year?

Speaker B: I honestly have zero information right now like this. Today is the first time that I've actually seen it and I actually review it on a high level. There's items that we have on the forecast that we're not selling. There's items that we're selling that are not on the forecast. And then within that, there is items that we're band aiding and using up retailer quantities because we don't have the army stock. And it's a mix of everything. And then even just for items that we are currently in stock, the forecast quantities are. There's a huge variance to what actual sales are. And I know we're not necessarily looking on a month to month basis. If an item shows 300 and we sold 100 for the fall for the last three months, are we adjusting the future forecast to be more accurate? But all of those things on a high level need to be looked at.

Speaker C: Could I make a suggestion? So I'm going to just share my screen based on the sales forecast and the way I'm looking at it. And this is just something I did quick, based on Patricia's file that was already there just to keep the consistency familiarity going. It's just a pivot table showing customers and the skew descriptions of what we have. June, July, August is what we had initially planned. So none of this is actual, but this is what was planned for now. From my understanding, June, July and August are going to be nearly impossible to change in terms of production, like I would imagine, this is already being factored in. What I would suggest is if, and maybe Jelka and Patricia can help lead this. If everybody could take a segment of customers and or SKUs, however this is best managed and determine September, October and November, line by line based on year to date. What have we actually sold through each of those channels? These are all quantities of that. So just makes it easier in terms of units because dollars we can translate once we have a price for each. But if we just focus on September, October and November, we can literally just add September, October and November here. And literally we're just filling in quantities for each line and then we just go down. If you just take segments, we'll be through this 300 lines in no time.

Speaker B: I honestly, I wouldn't suggest using this pivot table at all. We should use the main file because everything is based on a SKU level, not on a description.

Speaker D: Well, I think if I can, if I can add in. I think Jacob, I mean you might agree we had mentioned about Esha potentially you know, taking this over and we haven't really gotten to the point of doing this analysis. So if using the other tab she grabs the last three months actuals and only flags what's out of stock, she'll be able to know whether that amount in the next month is true or not. And then just flag the ones that she needs to review with you and make sure that all the items are listed are on there and just kind of just do a quick overview to fix it, present it to you and then you can give the.

Speaker A: Okay, sounds good.

Speaker C: Keep in mind this pivot is from the combined tab. If you add any SKUs in here and then you Just refresh the pivot table. It'll fit right into here. The only reason I said the pivot is if you want to put notes on why we did that.

Speaker D: Yeah, but sorry to add to that when you're adding notes to a pivot table. If something was to be filtered, it doesn't work.

Speaker C: That's why. So for if I'm. Here's what I'm the reason I'm saying make it as easy for yourselves because multiple people are going to use this and ultimately this sales forecast that I get. This is what's going to drive the production. You want everything here. You can have different working copies. And then it's just a matter of pasting all the quantities in there.

Speaker D: Well, all you would do is on the original sheet. All she has to do is just filter Omni. It would be the same. But she sees it on a SKU with the actual.

Speaker C: It is.

Speaker D: Yeah, that's for sure.

Speaker C: If it's more comfortable to use this, that's fine. I've put in September, October and November. I just did this as a quick fix for. For me, you know, in an ideal setting, we're gonna have a 2025 forecast file or 2026 forecast file, where we start from, you know, September onwards. And you know, once these quantities are built in, there's nothing really stopping us from adding all the other months for the next year. So you can keep building on top of this, but I think the point was just aligning. How do we go about updating the individual quantities for each customer, each sku.

Speaker D: So I will sit with Esha to show her because obviously I'm familiar with the file and what to do. I'll sit with her, show her what needs to be done. She can be the keeper of it on the Omni side. I'll tell her color code, any changes. So when that is sent to Nikhil to combine, as we always do, he knows what's been changed. And then we can do that on a. We'll see the frequency of it. We can do it on a monthly for now. If there's changes more often than monthly for Omni, she'll be able to do them daily anyway. So I think we should try that. If you agree, Joker.

Speaker A: So is the goal to have the next, I guess, month, or are we doing it quarterly? Are we doing it for all of next year?

Speaker C: I think the. This quarter, that September and November needs to be established sooner so that OPS has, you know, the visibility on what to order for production. But we should already be looking at December and beyond for up to next August because, you know, once we start looking at all the offline sales, the Omni is also going to play into the budget.

Speaker D: So.

Speaker C: So. But that we can revise and tweak, you know, as we close this year as well. And probably around end of July, we can finalize all of our next year. But I think for now, September, October, November, we should nail down.

Speaker A: Okay. All right. I know that, like, when I was doing this, like, originally, it would take me a few days to go line by line, SKU by sku, channel by channel, because there's like six channels if you think about it. So I know, Esha, it's going to take you a while to kind of go through the files and pull up the actuals flag, like what was out of stock and how do we, like, compensate for it? So I would say that, you know, I obviously will be out next week, but if you do need support or have questions, definitely I would encourage you to meet with Shoham because he's done this for the last two years in terms of forecasting and predicting. So he could also give you guidance in terms of, you know, this is how we've done it. And I would say that, like, if we start with the actuals, then that would be. Or even historical sales from last September, October, November, that, that would be a good start. And then flagging, what were those out of stocks? And then how do we make those assumptions of, like, okay, we were out of stock of Keto Peanut Butter, now we're going to be out of stock of Fudge. Like, those two are comparable in sales. So pull those numbers and kind of make them in parallel. So, like, those assumptions that we've kind of had in the past and how we estimate it if we don't have the actuals, could be something that you could ask either Shoham or myself.

Speaker F: So can I take a step back here? Because I actually was the one who called the meeting as it relates to the forecast. And it necessarily wasn't just Omni specific. I do have some questions to get us on the right page because there's a. Patricia came into my office this morning. She was asking me whether or not she's the owner of forecast, because there was a discussion before she left about financial finance taking a more invested interest in and doing the forecast. So it doesn't take our director of sales out of commission for like four days. And the sales forecast and production forecast has still, even with this, has still had us being out of stock. So the answer to that question that I provided was, yes, sales is still in charge of forecasts until it's been transferred over to Nikhil and financing. That will take some time. Nikhil and I spent a few hours together reviewing the forecast of Q4, this year's Q4, and seeing how that would translate to Q1, because we have an emergency on Q1 that production seems to not know in certain cases what they need or should be ordering. So Q1 is the priority because we're 12 weeks away and lead times of that. So that's point one that needs to be addressed today. The second part of that was Nikhil had sent out an email to Omni, Jelka and Shoham asking a week ago to review OMNI sales for Q1. So I wasn't on the beginning of that call, but I didn't hear an answer that has did in the last week Jelka and Shoham review Omni sales?

Speaker A: We did not, no.

Speaker F: Okay. So that wasn't done in the last week. So that needs to be in terms of that brought on the discussion with me and Patricia this morning, saying, Patricia, I don't know where Omni's at. I know to kill ass Omni for feedback a week ago. I'll ask them if they've done it. And then she made the comment, which I said I was going to write in the email, that even when it's been done in the past, there's been significant gaps in that with wrong SKUs, wrong inventory, wrong this wrong that she can be more tight detail with what the information that was incorrect, but that that needs to be buttoned up either by Jelka or by the new person on Ops to ensure that that is done correctly. So that's just as I said, part two of this and then part three is the most important, like the most heavy lifting in terms of Q1 purchasing is on Joy Burst, and it's specifically on Joy Burst hydration. And in my knowledge, in my estimation, me and Sabrina, or me Sabrina Hadjelka have had several meetings when Patricia was off many, many meetings detailing opportunities with Northwest 10 truckloads, detailing opportunities of TPDs potentially happening at the end of August and scenarios without confirmations and those conversations that we've had. My expectation is that the person in operations was obviously Sabrina, would be putting that into a production forecast and not necessarily needing to say, hey, Patricia, go put that into a production forecast for me. Because we've had these discussions and therefore they should be actioned. So I wanted to get clarity on that. If there's still any more confusion as it relates to production forecasts or joy burst as a whole between, between energy, between mocktails, between hydration, all our basic SKUs. Is there any hydration? Is there any confusion for what Q1 26 is needing?

Speaker D: So on the hydration, the quantities that we've discussed over the last few days have been punched in manually to my production planner at a high level to make sure we have product. There has been changes since the last forecast that we've received plus minus here and there on things that obviously happen throughout sales that don't necessarily get to me. That was my request and the point as to why I went to Patricia, because as the keeper of all these up and downs, I wanted at the end of our conversations a final number on what it would be to make sure we have stock. That's how that conversation came up. I am still keeping the numbers that you and Joke and I discussed at a high level that's there. It's not going to change. But ideally when this new forecast gets sent revised.

Speaker F: Sabrina, what are you, are you talking about when you're talking right now? Are you talking about Q4 of this year or are you talking about Q1 which is September, October, November of FY26? What are you talking about?

Speaker D: Both, because for Q1 I have nothing. So for me to reply to flow on whether we could take production, I need something and I can't just copy the last three months because of the changes and Q4, just the changes up and down that I mentioned.

Speaker F: So I'm so on Q4 which is hard to manipulate because it's our best effort basis with accounts changing their volume all of a sudden. Are you convinced you have all information on what is needed or what we're trying to achieve as it relates to Q4?

Speaker D: I have what we talked about, for example 10 truckloads I punched it in, 100 pallets I punched it in. But again, since there's other changes that I was not incorporated in because I mean this is the only one Patricia was away. There's other conversations that happen. I just want to make sure that those numbers haven't changed. Anybody else was added, dropped and I know that she normally knows the whole total of these numbers, not just what you and me and Jelka talked about last week. So I, I can use the numbers that I have. AM I comfort 100%? That's the reality. No, in total I have a more accurate number. But again, that's the only reason why I brought it up. I kind of wanted a better number to make sure we have Stock when I'm being asked if we have enough.

Speaker F: Yeah, but the thing is, a forecast is never an exact science. We're never going to get the number 100% right. But if we wait and wait and wait, we're going to be out of stock because we're waiting for precise numbers that are not possible to achieve. So again I'm going to reiterate to you on Q4. Do you have any other information that's needed for you to place those POs or anything else that needs to be resolved? Because that's an even further emergency than what we're on this call for which is Q1.

Speaker D: No, in terms of ordering, it's done. I can't change any more Production with flow. Anything that I need component wise I will order. That's fine. What I need in terms of those numbers changing is whether you tell me are we going to be short in August or short in July. That's how can affect, how it can be affected if those numbers get a little bit more tightened per se.

Speaker F: Okay, so base it on that. Q4 is put to bed. The whole exercise of me and Nikhil taking a look at Costco's numbers in Q4 and translating them over to Q1 knowing who are the. Who are the regions of Costco that are staying in hydration and who are the. What are the Walmart SKUs that are that we know are staying. So that will need to be consistently ordered. On the no sugar side, all that needs at this point for Costco and Walmart is Patricia to agree with our assumptions on that carryover because that's what me and Nikhil did.

Speaker D: Correct.

Speaker F: That's step one. So she needs to review what we put in for Q1 either for better lack of better word, bless it or say I think we should call it up a bit or whatever. Sorry.

Speaker B: They all need changing.

Speaker F: By what percentage?

Speaker B: I can't tell you.

Speaker F: Well then how do you know they need to be changed?

Speaker B: Because of how the way that the math was done.

Speaker F: And how is the math done?

Speaker B: Like a 60% decrease on hydration like San Diego and LA alone like will change that number up.

Speaker F: Nikhil, remind me when we did the sales for. When we did the sales for Costco my understanding was the number was taken at a 60% of Q4 because there was regions like Midwest that were no longer going to be had Given us an education.

Speaker C: Yeah. So my note was for Mexico hydration 60% cut. No, this was for us. Sorry, 18 pack. We need to be cut it by 60% because Midwest no longer continues September to November so now reduce it to 60%.

Speaker F: So Midwest and Northwest had not continued and all that was remaining was LA and San Diego. Both of those are now potentially in play because everything it seems week by week changes. But the reason for the forecast of Q1 was that we are down to two regions only and business center.

Speaker B: But we took June, you took 104,000 as the base to then decrease it by 60%. We still have four regions that we're shipping. 60% is not valid for LA and San Diego alone. Okay, that's what I'm saying.

Speaker F: Okay, so right now how long will it take you to review Costco specifically and and Walmart specifically? What's a reasonable timeframe that we can have your review on those two accounts from what we've provided?

Speaker B: I would say by Monday because I'll have to do it on Sunday.

Speaker F: Okay, and then as it relates to your specific accounts and when I say your specifics, anything outside of Costco and Walmart but does not include Omni, how long will it take you to review that?

Speaker B: I'm not sure. I have like it depends on because we use June to August. I wouldn't have used that personally for example. So I have to check to see

Speaker F: what

Speaker B: is on there. At the very least I'm gonna have to do it by brand. There's no way that I can get all of them done like by next week. But if joy burst is a priority, seeing that we have a lot of no sugar items on order for August to last us a few months then I can try to get Drapers done

Speaker C: by

Speaker F: the thing that everybody has to understand including Omni. We are on, we are in June, we are in June 11th. We are 10 weeks away from September. We are already behind our 12 week cycle time of production. So every day or week that goes by that an input of numbers, good or bad, just an input of numbers that don't get put in, we are shooting ourselves in the foot that guarantees going to be out of stock. So my suggestion given that we have improved banking arrangements coming up in August and we cannot be out of stock and Q1 is typically a very slow quarter for us in terms of just in a best case scenario we should be over approximating so we don't move out on any sales right now because we're not putting in orders in a timely fashion. So I think we need to agree amongst myself as weights to, you know Costco and Walmart, your accounts outside of Costco, Walmart and Omni that by early next week Like Tuesday, we are putting in some sort of forecast for Q1 that the ops team needs to produce against. Or else we just might as well just say we're going to be out of stock and everything.

Speaker B: Q1, that's. I can do September, but it's, it's way too much information to have done in like two days or one day.

Speaker F: We need to like. It doesn't have to be that specific. It doesn't have to be that. It doesn't have to be that detailed at this particular time. Because if we don't put in pos, we're not going to have any product.

Speaker B: Okay, so then for that then we just leave it how it is now, right?

Speaker F: Leave what? How, how, how? Nikhil and I's first draft of it is.

Speaker B: Well, I'm either going to be able to review it or not. So if the urgency is to have POS issued for September, for example, then I either look at September or we leave September as a copy of. I don't know if it was August or June or, or a mix of those months depending on, you know, what item and what customer it was. And then I could focus on like October and November, but.

Speaker F: Okay, so Nikhil, do you have a suggestion on this? Because I'm like, a decision in this meeting has to be had. We can't have it that you send out an email to team and a week goes by and there's no action on it like that. We can't, we can't operate that way, especially as we're under the gun. So we need definitive dates where people will put in their forecast or that we're going to have to expect that their divisions, Omni, Walmart, Costco or whoever are going to be out of stock. And we're not solving pause.

Speaker A: Omni already provided their forecast for the year and we continue to adjust our forecast on monthly basis based on actuals. So it's not like there was no forecast to work off of. There is a forecast now. My problem is if there are gaps, which Patricia is saying there are, I needed to understand what those gaps are. But as far as forecasts, when you,

Speaker F: when you say that you put in a forecast for the year, what year are you talking about?

Speaker A: We have it until August.

Speaker F: That's not what we're talking about on this call. We're Talking about from FY26 onwards, from September 1st into the end of November at the very least. So do you. Has Omni provided a forecast?

Speaker A: It takes us longer than a week to adjust the forecast for six different Channels.

Speaker F: But I'm, I'm just asking to put clarity. Like, I'm not trying to put you on the spot. I'm asking for clarity. Have you provided a Q1 FY26 September to end of November forecast? Well, that's what we're talking about. And whether it's a week or two weeks, ultimately, we all know our production lead times are 12 weeks. So if a forecast has not been given 12 weeks out from September 1st, we're going to be out of stock.

Speaker A: Our forecast for September, October, November will not be significantly different than what they were for the previous year. So I would always use that as the foundation for Omni. It's pretty straightforward. The only exceptions are out of stocks or band aid solutions where we have to ship in like 4 packs for 12 packs and all of that stuff that Patricia was talking. But, like, we don't have big swings like you guys do in terms of losing customers or, you know, getting taken off the shelf. Like, for us, it's pretty predictable as long as we have inventory.

Speaker B: So.

Speaker A: So our September, October should be the same, no problem.

Speaker F: But you literally just started the conversation by saying it can't be done in a week, and then you're saying it's pretty predictable and it can be just taken from Q4. So if it is predictable, you want

Speaker A: to do it line by line, skew by skew, and look at everything, but at a high level. The way that you've kind of given guidance to Nikhil, like our guidance is pretty simple too, in terms of. Look at September, October, November, look at out of stocks, and then we could just work on it at a high level. But if there are big swings or gaps, that's the piece that we would need to adjust.

Speaker F: So this is what we need from you then in the essence of time, the same way I'm saying this for Patricia, in the essence of time, you need to, as the head of OMNI, bless a Q1 forecast that you're asking the, the, the operations team to work against producing towards, because until you do it, they are not going to. It doesn't seem like they're buying anything and we're going to be out of stock.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker F: And then if there are large gaps that Patricia is identifying to you that has happened in the past or gaps of wrong information that is happening in the past. The work doesn't just stop when the, the Q1 has been done at a high level. The, the tweaks of it that are. That are still needing to be addressed as we move on to FY26 need to be reviewed by somebody.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker F: And so from a, from an ongoing management perspective, it's to the Omni channel is the person who's responsible for the forecast of sales that then leads into being given to operations. Is that like, who is that? Is that you? Is that Showham? Is that on the OPS side? Now for the ongoing sales forecast, they get put into a production forecast.

Speaker A: Sorry, you cut out. What was the question?

Speaker F: On an ongoing basis, like this year, next year, this quarter, next quarter on Omni, who is the person who has final sign off on the forecast of sales that then turn into production forecast for Omni I like, so that the team has clear direction that says, until I get this from Jelka or Shoham or from ops, this thing is not approved yet and therefore I'm not ordering against it. Who is the person?

Speaker A: It was Shoham. So, like, that's going to be moving forward? Well, I don't know. I think we're changing the, like, the process so that Asha works with Sabrina to adjust it and to move it into production so that it's more smoother in terms of forecasting and producing. Shoham would still bless it and like, look at it on a. On a holistic level, but I think that Esha would go in and understand it line by line.

Speaker F: Okay, but we need, we need, we're trying to. For this meeting, we're trying to get clarity on a move forward basis. So what I'm gathering from what you're telling me, on a move forward basis, Esha is the person giving the sales forecast. And Esha knows that that forecast needs to be given a minimum of 12 weeks before each quarter and needs to be signed off and given to the OPS team. That's the process.

Speaker A: No, I think the process should be for the full year and then we adjust it on a quarterly basis. So when we're. We could do it now because we're rushing for the September through November, but I think that our sales forecast should be reflecting the full FY26 and then we should be adjusting that on quarterly basis based on, you know, the changes on the products and stuff.

Speaker F: Okay. So to. So to make sure we're on the same page for this situation, that we're in a pinch. We're in a pinch in terms of time, you, Jelka, will provide the forecast for Q1. Is that correct?

Speaker A: Sure. Yep.

Speaker F: Okay. Then the larger gaps that you're. The gaps that Patricia has identified or not, which is not as immediate, but those things will be ironed out, I guess, when you get back step two and then step three, the balance of the year, meaning Q2, Q3, Q4 for Omni. So all of FY26 will be coming from Eshaal in the next three to four weeks. Is that how we're going to do it?

Speaker A: That could work, yep.

Speaker F: Okay. So, Nikhil, that will be the responsibilities in terms of ensuring that we have that forecast coming that way from Omni on a move forward basis.

Speaker C: That's good. Yeah. Well, we just had everybody here, this file that Patricia has and the one I just added the three columns on. If you play around, you can see the quantities for the last September to November, what we find. June, July, August and what basically I copied over to September, October, November. So some things will just pop to you, right? Because I think, yeah, Patricia had already updated September, October, November sales.

Speaker B: Not so, not all. Not all. Omni is updated mostly only Joy Burst. So the biggest help would be to actually get September and May updated for Omni because then you can see rest of the three months versus what we have in September on how out and what we want to change. Because looking at the 12 months.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. And you can. Anybody who wants this, who sees this file can open these columns and look at it. For example, like icpop, that doesn't seem to have sold anything September to November. But we're producing, you know, all the way through. So those things, you know, when they pop, you just know that they're not going to sell. So unless you have a reason to keep it on, they just take it out. So yeah, it can be done very high level, just not super high level that we have no idea what we're doing. But we just look at these three comparisons, we'll get pretty close to what the reality should be. And I think the big exceptions where we have a new product launching and there's going to be more marketing around it, you kind of already know that this is going to be selling more or less because we're discontinuing something. We just take those out.

Speaker F: So, Nikhil, one of the things that we talked about that I said is super helpful and given that 70% of our business is Walmart and, and Costco, we get sales data for Walmart and Costco on a weekly basis that I've asked you to be included on. So when you look at the sell, when you look at the sell through of Costco and Walmart week by week, that should give you a baseline of what we sell through, by and large should be what we're ordering. The only thing that needs to be layered on from that which me and Patricia or Jelco have knowledge on is the TPDS is the demo schedule that is, that is above or different than what the last weeks have been. But unless that changes, the week to week sell through should be basically what they should be ordering because that's what they buy towards.

Speaker B: No, it's a lot more because there's replenishment and there's DC holds.

Speaker F: But Patricia, you're, you're, you're, you're the process in general. You buy what you sell. If you're filling a, if you, if you're filling a region and you need the region to have opening inventory plus sell through, that's one scenario. If you're in a region that's continuously like west in Costco Canada or LA or San Diego or Northwest and they continue with the item and there's no pipeline fill, then by and large what you should be looking at is a sell through each week on IRI and using that same for Walmart Canada, they, until they outside of their pipeline, it goes to what they're selling on a week to week basis. That's the forecast.

Speaker B: On, on a high level you, the assumption is correct, but that doesn't translate to the orders that we get at all. Not even close. Which is why it stems to us being out of stock all of a sudden. They're ordering a lot more than we're expecting because they are keeping more in their warehouse or whatever the reasons may be. They never match what POS is.

Speaker F: But Patricia, you have to help with this process because you just say like for example, you're just saying right now the sell through and what we get don't match at all. It's not even close, which is what you just said. To date, the forecast that we've had to. What we've produced has not become anywhere close. So our job amongst me, you, Jacque and finance is to close the gap and improve this process and improve this forecasting capability. Because we should be getting closer as time goes on of what our business is. We shouldn't have 40, we shouldn't have 40% fluctuations and such. And we're having that right now.

Speaker B: And we're having. You're assuming that we're going to have product then, right? Because the biggest fluctuation that we've had on forecasts are all related to other stocks.

Speaker F: What, sorry?

Speaker B: That the assumption is that we're going to have product to sell.

Speaker F: Well, we're not going to have product to sell if we don't start putting in some pos. So yes, that's.

Speaker B: I get that. I would just rather not be. Because if you, if you look at it, even Walmart, if you only look at POS and start adjusting the forecast based on we sold 500 units a week, you will be out of stock. So I'm saying we can't be conservative in that end. We have to take into account that there is DC levels that need to be in stock at all times, depending on who the customer is, that that needs to be added into the forecast.

Speaker C: Yeah. Do we have any like, and this is something I was asking Brad too, if we have any commitments in terms of fixed replenishment, you know, like base level replenishment that we've had to do so far that's going to carry out into the net in the Q1. Because in that case. Yeah, I agree. You don't want to use like last year, September, if there was an agreement during the year that going forward every week we're going to replenish these many units to Walmart stores.

Speaker B: Well, what, what customer and what category are you talking about?

Speaker C: I, I don't know. I'm just asking in general because our customers at Costco and Walmart, so between the two, if we have minimum commitments, then at bare minimum, we start with putting those quantities in.

Speaker B: Costco is different. Like Costco is on a commitment basis and besides west, that is going to remain and now potentially like San Diego and la, like those are different, but everything else is on a commitment basis within a certain period. Walmart, they have their forecast that they provide us. Now it's extreme because most of the items are new, but if you look at what they've been ordering, where you look at POS like nothing matches yet, it'll get closer. But we need the information now.

Speaker C: So I mean, I'd make the call based on a combination of September to November and year to date. And if you want to be like, if you feel optimistic about, you know, a customer like Walmart and a set of SKUs, then you want to bump it up 5%. Like are we like, if that's something, you know, you want to see, that's not going to drastically change the forecast, you know, for the, for the Q1, because I'm already looking at, based on the changes that Brad said, we're going to probably close Q1 at about 12 million if we don't change anything. Whereas last year we did nine, nine million. So we've upped it three over a year. We just want to look at what the big drivers were and if any SKUs are no longer listed, I'd start removing those. If there were any new SKUs that were added, I would start adding those and then do a more deeper dive as we have time because we could. This sales forecast in all my experiences can take forever if you wanted to but and still not get it, you know, 100 but at least if you get the big things out of the way by, by addressing the SKUs that are correct listed at the right store and then just a reasonability on the quantities like, you know, icpop clearly doesn't seem like we're going to sell September to November unless somebody has a good reason we're going to sell them. We just want to delete all of these. So just stuff like that would, would bring it already more in line with what it should be. And then if you have those fixed, you know, commitments for the next few weeks, those, those we can add, you know, to bump that up. But I wouldn't start with that just because you already highlighted some issues around some SKUs that we're no longer selling and some SKUs that don't exist, which I think we could add first.

Speaker B: The one thing to take into account, and this is not for the regular forecast, this is for omni. About 40% of items this forecast are Omni related because of all the. You will see sales for them. But that's not the item that you need to add the forecast to. It needs to be the actual Omni skew. So take that into account when reviewing it because again, assuming that we're going to have product we want to sell the 12 count, not three, four.

Speaker D: Right.

Speaker B: But you will see the sales in the other sku.

Speaker A: So because this is going to obviously go line by line, item by item, I think the items that. Or the lines that are in green are the actual sales or from the last year. Correct.

Speaker C: Yeah. September to November. Column G2I.

Speaker A: Okay, so that's essentially what I'll look to update before I leave in the next two days.

Speaker C: Okay, so column S, T and U is. Is basically Q1 of 25, 2025. So fiscal 2026. And this is historical. So yeah.

Speaker B: Okay,

Speaker C: But like did everyone want this version or does Patricia want to share another version that's like this?

Speaker B: I already made changes to yours, so.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay. I'm guessing you still have those same columns, right?

Speaker B: Omni I didn't touch. So they should be able to use the same file

Speaker C: if everybody wants to use the combined tab to upload. That's Completely fine, whichever works. It's all the data that's important so long as it's something understandable. Like hey, September, October, November, this customer, this item, this is the quantity we're going to sell. It's just a matter of copy pasting it. So whatever works for everyone to update. I'm just saying it sounds like you have a newer version of this file that you made changes to. So if you want to share that then they can use that. Then as everybody updates it, just share it with the team or share with me and I can put it all in one file and then we can have another follow up

Speaker B: this to that file for Omni related. So they can use the one that you had sent on the 4th or 5th. I can't remember when it was.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: The one that I have. Sorry, the one that I have does not have the actual sales. So the one that you're projecting. Nikhil. So if you could send me that one, I'll work off of that version.

Speaker C: Okay. And then you could probably just hidden but I'll reshare this just so it's. It's easier to follow.

Speaker B: It's the same file. Not all Omni sales have actual. Only Joy Burst is actual. So no sugar and some of Wild Necks. Even September through November. I never updated. I was only focusing on the big one. So if Esha wants to pull the reports for Omni year to date and update all of these numbers and it'll give you a better visibility on how you're going to end in the year. And you can see September to November last year to compare hair. Instead of having like six months of no data because it's empty or the original forecast is still there. If it's not colored dark green, it's not updated.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker D: Yeah. Nikhil, if you could send this to me. I mean, I don't know Ja, because you're going away. I'm going to show Esha how to do it. But I don't want to her to work on one if you're going to work on one. So let me know what you want to do.

Speaker A: Let's the three of us maybe connect after this and then just come up with a plan of action so we don't everyone's.

Speaker B: When you're pulling the report, make sure you take into account returns and corrections. You're not pulling a sales report, you're pulling the net of both.

Speaker D: I'll ask you when it comes to pulling it. What like how to pull it properly.

Speaker C: Okay, I'll send this out.

Speaker A: Awesome.

Speaker C: All Right.

Speaker F: And then any news from Yaya as it relates to production and therefore how does that relates to cash flow?

Speaker A: Production's happening next week for the missing products, but we did not get an update on which days yet. Steve is talking to them right now.

Speaker F: Has there been an update on how many pallets we had to ship out and if those pallets have started to ship out?

Speaker A: They're starting to ship out tomorrow morning. And POS have had to be changed to match 24 pallets per truck versus 28. So Patricia and Sasha were working on getting all of those changed, but the product is starting to ship out tomorrow.

Speaker F: And how many pallets do we have?

Speaker A: 404.

Speaker F: That's confirmed with the 59mm. Okay, so if you can let Nikhil know that it's 404, that it's going to be going out by which date, and then we can approximate when that cash is going to be coming in because they pay in 15 days of delivery. That would be helpful. And then when you get the next week's. When you get next week's production schedule and what you think that will yield in terms of new pals coming in line that we can ship out again in June, that will be helpful as well.

Speaker B: What was the total 404 you said?

Speaker A: Yeah, that's what I was told.

Speaker B: Okay. So they need another 300 to meet the 700 that we initially were hoping for June.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: But not including the May bit that we needed that we did not produce.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, no, the sooner that we know when we can get POS in house already because we only had asked them for 500. So technically we're gonna be part 94 pallets for the open orders. Right now.

Speaker F: We're actually going to be short. We're going to be short.

Speaker B: We.

Speaker F: We gave him a forecast of 550. So to Dylan's knowledge, maybe that that's not what he sent over in POS. We're going to be short 550 minus 404 and then they're expecting another 150 to 200 at the end of June. So it's really important that we obviously get accurate numbers and how do we're going to make up these differences. And then we got to start working on on July because that's equally as important.

Speaker B: Okay. So they only issued peels for 498. But then I think I had mentioned to you earlier, E Commerce sent in two POS for like 24 pallets combined. So that would over. But have.

Speaker F: Because they. They had that they had the knowledge that 550 could be produced by us. So them sending over 524 is in line with the knowledge. And Costco business, or in line will regardless be upset when we're short. So it's, it's, it's important to let them know when Jelka gets the update from Yaya, what will be made next week in terms of actual yields and then what will be made, like as I said, for the balance of June and July.

Speaker A: July they won't tell me now, but June they will.

Speaker F: Well, July's in two weeks.

Speaker A: No, I know, but they work on the production schedule towards like the last week of the month, so we'll know the exact. But they did commit to the volume originally. We just don't know which dates they're going to be hitting.

Speaker F: And so you're trying to, you're saying that to your knowledge, Yahya has made it known to us that they'll never give us the production for the month. Besides one week before the month actually starts.

Speaker A: One or two. So the last time for, for June production, the date confirmation came in, I think on the 18th, the month before. So that was basically when they said we could commit to a volume. But we can't tell you when in the month until midway through the month before.

Speaker F: That's a difficult way to run the business.

Speaker B: Seriously. I'm like, that's such a short

Speaker C: time.

Speaker F: It's hard to, it's hard to plan sales around that, it's hard to plan marketing around that. It's hard to plan finance around that, which I know, you know, you know all of this. But yeah, it's like they, they, they like Premier Protein. A billion dollar company making their products would not be able to work on that schedule. So that cannot be the norm.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker F: Okay, well, try your best to let it and let us know. But we're still obviously from a cash position, anxiously waiting those details because we got suppliers of protein coming after us as well for payment and we need to know when money's coming in. All right, thanks guys.

Speaker A: Thank you, guys.

Speaker C: Thank you.

Speaker D: Thanks.

Speaker B: Bye.

Speaker C: Bye.

