Transcript for: Recording__1011.mp4
Title: Recording #1011
============================================================

Maybe try and then just so that you have the history. Sure. To help you. As you know, our biggest headache has definitely been obviously. You've obviously seen the sales on doa. We're trying to emulate that in dot com. So our biggest issue is if you type in the farmers, the snacks to go. Yeah, it does sound comfortable. I think I've explained that before. So. And then obviously we see people who are betting against us here. That's fine. What's more confusing though is when we type in just three farmers, it does show up, but only recently as like a sponsored app that was very recent before it wouldn't show up at all. And so just as a history. The things we have tried has been we added a $5 coupon trying to get things going. We also changed this title a bit. I know that you did have the title recommendation in your last deck. The coupon didn't really move the needle, but I did. I guess we were having a problem between like how do I get this actual like just direct link to our consumer scans. So we did send out email to our only us list us only and then also to our social just saying like hey, you can buy this product on Amazon.com so the only sales to date on this product have been just organically through social and then now that obviously sponsors are picking up a little bit there. So that's really what we've tried. We also redid a lot of these product details. That's one thing that I really question them about is I would love your opinion on just obviously everything up here in the information you cannot see until you're clicking this down. Whereas on ca that's different. They're looking like all the above content. It does seem to be the same for other clients sense. Does that make sense to you? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Whereas in DOA that's not how it is. So we look like it. The rest of this has been ca. All of this. Yeah. Below the full content. Right. Just a brief history of. And then on.com for different products. Specifically our sea salt cavas. We've had third party sellers probably at a time like seven or eight who have been selling that product. Yeah. So at certain points we did talk to companies that can, you know, help us sort of go around with those sellers. But the cost on that just didn't make sense for what we were seeing revenue wise. Right. So those have been like got it. Yeah. Well, so for the snack to go, which seems to be the best. I mean, I mean it has the most potential and right now we are. There are some problems. I think none of those problems are related to whether you're adding a coupon or if you're changing something, the time, title or the bullet points. It's something more on Amazon's end. It's something internal to them. I have. I identified this problem before and I also mentioned it in the presentation, if you remember. And I think this is something related to how the product is set up or listed. So this is probably a node issue or category issue and it may. We'll definitely need to contact Amazon regarding that and I'm happy to do that for you guys and I'll be to set a realistic expectation. This may be very difficult to deal with because Amazon seller support, they are not very cooperative and it may end up taking a long time. So I'm talking about from a few weeks to even maybe more than a month. I mean that's just realistically how it is because it's not very common problem. But I have seen this kind of things happening where for some reason the subcategory is not mapped with the product. Product. And which is why it's not showing up organically. Right. Because when Amazon matches one product with a node, then it also relates that product with certain keywords or search terms, which is what is not happening right now. Right. Yeah. Is there. Would it make sense, like, would your recommendation be to can we take this down, this listing and like relist it the way that you would have it set up where the pro. Well, you guys didn't do anything wrong. It's just on Amazon's end. And I think the first step would be to see if we can fix this listing because it has certain reviews, certain number of reviews. And if we cannot, then I don't think we should continue with this listing. Better if we start from scratch. And that's actually something I wanted to bring up to in terms of how we managed setup from dossier to dot com Today's show have so because reviews played into like when we went into dot com so and you can see it on our images. Like all of our images in the US Are Canadian packed because we have taken the Canadian listing and put it to the US So that the reviews go with it. And so is that typically the strategic setup that you see across the markets to simplify, I guess just simplify assets and set up and to tag the reviews? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So that's very normal. Yeah, that's very normal. And that's actually the best practice if you want to, you know, take advantage of the reviews. Okay. Okay. That's what we were told. Yeah. Okay. Because in a way I was almost wondering, like, is it because it's not like localized to have like a total us image and us this like. So. But you're saying that's not the issue. So you're basically saying when the item got set up and something broke in the packet that's not linking and so. And then Bernie, it looks like. So what we've done to work around that is we started paying like we're doing sponsored ads and that's all. It's only the ones that we're seeing or. Sorry, only the ones that were paying. Yeah. And it won't do anything for you. I mean, the whole point of advertising on Amazon is to rank organically. And even advertising will give you some visibility with the use. It will not rank for any keyword organically. It's just a waste at this point. Okay, great. So, yeah, we definitely would want you to help open a ticket with Amazon and progress that like as soon as possible to start pushing on, you know, whatever Amazon can do on that show. How so Even if you get to that, even before our Monday discussion, go ahead and start doing open that discussion. Because you're saying it could take weeks, could take a month. So we've been. That would be helpful. The other thing I was going to ask you too, maybe to add to our keyword search and stuff with the tariff discussion in the market. Maybe not so valuable with.com but on.ca like. And Brittany, I was going to mention this for meta too. Like the word Canadian made. Made in Canada, like sort of bringing that top. I'm sure it's maybe an expensive word to bid in right now for any Canadian products. But for sure, for our meta, bring a copy on our ads and stuff like that. For sure. I think because, you know, we have that big Canada symbol right on there. I used it before from like Canada Day. I think we should just like pull it and make it bigger. Yeah. And then so home. Would you have any knowledge? I guess what we'll just want to understand is so tariffs will impact Amazon.com because we're the FSBP. How will that work? Will. Will Amazon just. Just tack the price on like. Or how will that work? How will we get charged back? That terrific. Will just be added to our fees or will it be added to the price on Amazon? Amazon is not going to do anything. It's up to you, right? When you are shipping your products, I mean you are importing it to. And Then just one question on buy boxes. So I know that you mentioned it in that email yesterday. So if I see so for example, it probably will be those. So when we see there are seven data sellers who are selling them, am I just contact like I'm emailing you, letting me know, hey, we're losing this buy box and it is because of price. Then do you usually discuss the strategy? Like are we moving it down? Are we like what is. Like what's your suggestion? I know that that will come up quite often. Yeah, I, I took a look at the listing yesterday in the back end and I don't see any competitive price mentioned. So from Amazon's end they are probably not detecting any price. That's what it looks like. I mean any lower price. And also I wanted to confirm with you, is this same UPC listed somewhere else at a lower price? No. So see so far. But that's the thing. It was, it's like a three pack. Is it a three pack for me? Yeah, yeah. So there's no three packs selling anywhere else. There's single units selling elsewhere because that pouch, that pouches our core item. So like this sells at grocery, it sells at fry market in the US and stuff, right? Yeah, but the pack on Amazon is a three times. No, no, it's that, that's okay. I don't think that's causing any issue. The problem here is a buy box. They don't reveal any information regarding that. How they determine whether a product should win a buy box. If you create a case, they will just get back to you with a canned response that will not be helpful at all. So all we could do is to understand what going on from our end and fix it. So at this point it doesn't look like it's because of pricing anywhere else. Well, it's kind of unfortunate. If we cannot figure it out on our end, we'll have to discontinue that listing. I'd say it happens every six months like it happens and then it happens again. July last year. Okay. So clearly if you're buying it just it must be because we're maybe not as well known in the states. Right. So clearly some retailer must be just liquidating it. Amazon sellers are picking it up and posting online. So it seems to happen quite randomly. But then when it happens, it happens. So it, it also comes back once in a while. Every, I would say vacated something. Last time it was around April and then around like November. October. Ish. Right. The thing is, if it was because of pricing, Amazon would pick up that price and also mention that competitive price is this. They would say that under the listing, but I didn't see any such mention, at least from the FBA inventory page. So that's why I was thinking it may be something else. But it may benefit if I look into it a little bit more and see if it is listed somewhere else. If someone is liquidating it. We need to do that search from our end. Yeah, that's what I'll suggest. That's you. Yeah. Right. Okay. So yeah, that's great. On just so that you have the back end of that and then, you know, even just to save time on Monday a little bit too, I wanted. You saw my question there about the setup of the snacks to go and optimizing on the back end a little bit. And you had mentioned. So Annabelle, when we met him, you had the one question that we have the two pack of Camellia oil. That is one of our good revenue items online as well. It's the two bottles. And so there's a small case pack change. So he's going to try on our next inventory shipment just to ship the cases in and see if for some reason just ship a few in, see if Amazon plays. But you had mentioned unless it's a material change to the master case, to the item inside. To the item. Yeah, it's likely not to get. Yeah. Yeah. One caution though, it cannot weigh too much. I mean it also depends on whether you're doing LTL shipments or you're doing small personal delivery. So I need to check the limits that we have on the size. So for example, I know if it is more than 50 pound, then you have to sticker it with some. Forgot the exact term that is heavy. You have to mention that it's heavy. And also there say a limitation on the dimension that you can ship, particularly if it is small personally. So you just wanted to get those, those details. I could put just a quick email together of you and Annabelle and say hey, if you guys want to just connect on those details details, because he might have them so long like I'm just originally setting up the Camelin oil. He might have some familiarity with those limitations, but good for you to flag them and say, hey, just making sure you're familiar. As long as you still are within these limitations of weight and LTL dimensions, you should be good to go. Because it's a small change to the master case, it's not a change to the item, it's not a change to the label, it's not a change to the cost, nothing else. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Because that. So. Because that is a good example. So. But snacks to go. I'm sorry, this is not the actual snacks to go. So this is say the snacks to go item. And currently we take this and we put one item in a box and then we build a pallet and we send it to Amazon and they fulfill. So they pick one box at a time. Wow. What we want, we want them to open a box. Yes. And just take a bag out. Yeah. And we want that box size to be six inside because now it aligns with two other customers that we sell in six. I would, I would like to go bigger, but I've been told six is good. Okay. Yeah. How do you do that? That's not even a problem. I mean, for this one. This is not heavy. I was more worried about the oil because it's heavy. Right. So that's why I had to mention those weight limits for this one. If you put six together, how much will you. We change the master case size. It's still. The unit sale is still the same. The only communication is now instead of just picking a box, now they have to open a box and pick a unit. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so you're saying you could work with animal like. Because obviously we just have to change some stuff in the back end. It's. Yes, you could. If you. Let's say you want to set this box size as your default, then you can set that up in the backend so that it's easy for Anubhav to fulfill those products in the future so that he doesn't have to set it up again and again and again. Yeah. So there's that setup. Okay. And would that be adjusting the current setup or are you suggesting do a new setup and then get rid of the other. It's in fact so easy, you know, it's just that you have to change nothing. You have to click on create shipment, select the skus there. You have to define that I have a box size where I have six units in each box and each box will weigh this much. The dimensions are these. And then you will have it there permanently. So each time, after all, afterwards, when, whenever you create a new shipment, you just say, I'll ship six boxes. Right. So 36 units. That's how it will. Okay. So yeah, I might have you and Annabelle speak specifically about that or I'll bring him into our next meeting when we talk more about that change instead of just the marketing stuff, just so that he's really clear. Because you can obviously tell we're a bit skittish about Amazon because we know that no small change is just a small change. Yeah. Don't think you can change something small without, you know, thinking about all the other things. Okay. Okay, great. Well, so, yeah, we just wanted to bring you up to speed on some of that and then we'll look forward on Monday to more of your recommendations on how we can just optimize further in Canada and maybe hopefully grow faster in the US from that idea. Yeah. Well, so before you go, I want to confirm one thing about the agenda. The meeting on Monday. I understand it's going to be about the product detail page. We need to finalize that. But also at the same time, do we need to talk about the schedule SKUs, the SKU cleanup? Do you want to talk about that too? Yeah, we can on Monday. So I was just showing Brittany because what I. Because there's this SKU cleanup. So hopefully if there's time, because I know how sometimes if we have to have a separate meeting with Corey, we'll set one up. But. So this was, for example, I was just pulling our, our sales report and just highlighting what's been done. Like I wanted to go through. These are all the items that we're currently selling on dossier. These are all, all, all the items selling. The ones I have highlighted in yellow are our top sellers. They're good revenues. You're looking at optimizing those ones. So I would say start here on these ones to optimize these ones. Yes. This one I have in red. This is also a Camelina oil skew. That used to be a very good revenue, but we have a current issue with this. So I would have to bring Annabelle in on this issue. So I'd like to fix this one because it can bring back revenue very quickly as well. The ones I've highlighted here in gray, these are the ones I mentioned are going away in the next few months. They're just operationally complex. So those we will go away. And the total annual revenue of all of those together is about 81,000. Just to know that, because we're going to take away. And I'm hoping that we don't see like a huge. Then come up. Obviously you're not going to get your 3% growth. All of a sudden. Take these away. So the ones in blue are the ones that you mentioned this. They're slow sellers. They're not adding a lot of value. So I would almost kind of say, like, I'm not, you Know, I'm not in a hurry to touch those. Like we'll get there when we get there on those. But I, I agree with what you're saying. And then these other ones are those core or core variety packs to be talked about. So, so yeah, we could touch on this on Monday and maybe just put a plan in place because there's, there's kind of like a phased approach. I don't want to give it all at you at once and saying, hey, you know what, what? Let's focus on optimizing our top sellers. We also have a new listing that we need to get up and going. Yeah. And we have these going away. Why don't we just start there and then we maybe move to rationalize a little bit further after we've done this. Sounds good. And also these was just based on the Canadian marketplace. I also need to take a look at the U.S. marketplace. Yeah. And whatever I'm doing, it's just my suggestions and observation. I of course cannot make any decision unilaterally. Right. I have to share my insights so that you can decide that's what we're trying to do differently as well. Because here I did the same thing for the US and different sellers. So here I said more snacks to go positions. Here is why I have it read. It should be doing a lot better. We're going to start something. We're going to try and troubleshoot that. Right now our lentil variety pack is the best seller in dot com. Yeah. Which to your point, lentils is a well searched. It's a good keyword. It's getting lots of searches, probably getting lots of hits. Camelin Oil does well. I'd like to put the 5L back in the US but the issue in Canada, we haven't been able to do that. So. And by the way, it was chickpeas. That has good starches. Oh, chickpeas. Oh, chickpeas. And then lentil was second. But there was a slide you showed where chickpeas and lentils. Like raw lentils. Yes. It does more for raw lentils. Yeah, yeah. For instance in Canada, which we probably do. So you'll see here. Yeah. So we had two of these fava packs. These two are being phased out right now, but you can see they basically stopped selling. We phased them out. This one is a five pack of the fava beans and we also have a three pack. No two listings here. There's something doubling up in my sales report here. But us, I was thinking. Oh, here. Yeah, sorry. So we have the three pack of the fava beans and we have the five pack. We decided just keep the five pack and we phased out the three pack. Okay. Just keep one. So these blue ones are kind of like already gone, right? Yeah, sounds good. All right. So yeah, we can, we can touch on that a little bit too. Just so that you have strong direction. But for sure, let's just focus on optimizing the low hanging fruit. Getting rid of these ones that operationally are going away for sure in the next two months and get the new item listed. Yeah, Sure. Well, to set the right expectation, I don't think I'll be able to get started with the Snack 2 variety. Sorry, that variety pack in the US this week because I'll be traveling. I've applied at 5 today and I need to run right after this meeting. I'm going to India the next week. You'll see me from India. So. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. And what about the other thing? Sorry. So you're saying Shohan, for Monday's meeting we're gonna focus on CA and then let's do a separate meeting for dot com. No, I'm. I can also prepare that dot com thing. I. I have already done it. It's already on my end. I need to create the presentation so that it's easy to follow. And also about the SKU cleanup. I'll also try to get that done. I mean I'll get that done for Monday. Yeah, well, well I think that's. No, that's. There's one thing that I was about to forget. So. Britney, I know you have given me access, but I don't think it's everything. So if you don't mind sharing your screen right now, maybe I can walk you through the permissions and we can get that fixed. I just need to get Amazon. Yeah, this login is undo. Let me see if it's online right now. I just need his. The two factor. So how long is that flight? Sorry? The flight. Okay, I'm going to Qatar first. I'll stay there for two days and then. So the flight to Qatar is 17 hours. Yeah, the flight to Qatar is 17 hours. Then. Then it's like four and a half. No, it will. There's a layover at Frankfurt. Yeah. And I was headed to India. Annabelle, this went into the. I think at the end of February. And our safety manager, she just got back last year. Yeah, User permissions. Yeah, I don't even see myself here. Oh, the last one. Okay, so advertising. Make me edit. Just click on that. Edit on the top. Just one Button. Yeah, done. Oh, is it. Is it going to edit everything now? Okay, this is new. Last time I was in here was. Yeah, that was the last time we spoke and I promise you, all of them. Okay. I didn't know you could pop up. Right. If you are done, I will check right now and I'll just make sure that I have everything on my end so that I don't have to bother you anymore with this. 777, 262. Okay, Let's try that again. So advertising. Yes. Brand benefits. Yes. Growth is fine. Let me save this and then see. Yeah, this is where I need that. Yeah, exactly. Media upload too, please. I don't need manage orders, but if you want to give me access, fine. You know what? Show home. We're probably just wanting help with everything. Yeah. The only thing you don't need to give me is to edit user permissions. That's what you don't need to give me. Yeah. So you see that user permission down there? Yeah, just. Yeah, exactly. And I don't know did they also move global user permission here? Okay, The inventory is set. Okay, now I have the brand analytics access, so it should be. Okay, I'll just. Just receive right now. One second. Three farmers. Yeah, I think I have everything right now. I have manage inventory access, advertising access reports. I don't have business reports. Could you please take the access to reports. Right. So before. It looks much different and yeah, I have everything. Looks like I have everything. But what's weird is I went through things name like I also went through here. There's nowhere else to like add you. It's only for settings. Huh. Happens. I mean this has happened before. Well, Amazon. Amazon, yeah. We can expect anything to happen here. I think I have your vision right now. Thank you. Okay. Yeah. Okay. All right. Okay, we'll have a seat, guys. Thank you. Nice seeing you. I will see you again on Monday. Thank you so much. Thank you. Bye now. Oh wait, when do you come back? I come back on March 8th, but I'll. I'm not taking any vacation by the way. I'm just going there. I have a few things to do. Of course I need to be my parents. I have a friend's wedding to attend and I'll. I'll just stay there and enjoy good food and work. Yeah. All right, take care. Bye now. Bye bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Maybe try and then just so that you have the history.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: To help you. As you know, our biggest headache has definitely been obviously. You've obviously seen the sales on doa. We're trying to emulate that in dot com. So our biggest issue is if you type in the farmers, the snacks to go. Yeah, it does sound comfortable. I think I've explained that before. So. And then obviously we see people who are betting against us here. That's fine. What's more confusing though is when we type in just three farmers, it does show up, but only recently as like a sponsored app that was very recent before it wouldn't show up at all. And so just as a history. The things we have tried has been we added a $5 coupon trying to get things going. We also changed this title a bit. I know that you did have the title recommendation in your last deck. The coupon didn't really move the needle, but I did. I guess we were having a problem between like how do I get this actual like just direct link to our consumer scans. So we did send out email to our only us list us only and then also to our social just saying like hey, you can buy this product on Amazon.com so the only sales to date on this product have been just organically through social and then now that obviously sponsors are picking up a little bit there. So that's really what we've tried. We also redid a lot of these product details. That's one thing that I really question them about is I would love your opinion on just obviously everything up here in the information you cannot see until you're clicking this down. Whereas on ca that's different. They're looking like all the above content. It does seem to be the same for other clients sense. Does that make sense to you?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Whereas in DOA that's not how it is. So we look like it. The rest of this has been ca. All of this.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Below the full content.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Just a brief history of. And then on.com for different products. Specifically our sea salt cavas. We've had third party sellers probably at a time like seven or eight who have been selling that product.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So at certain points we did talk to companies that can, you know, help us sort of go around with those sellers. But the cost on that just didn't make sense for what we were seeing revenue wise.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: So those have been like

Speaker B: got it.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Well, so for the snack to go, which seems to be the best. I mean, I mean it has the most potential and right now we are. There are some problems. I think none of those problems are related to whether you're adding a coupon or if you're changing something, the time, title or the bullet points. It's something more on Amazon's end. It's something internal to them. I have. I identified this problem before and I also mentioned it in the presentation, if you remember. And I think this is something related to how the product is set up or listed. So this is probably a node issue or category issue and it may. We'll definitely need to contact Amazon regarding that and I'm happy to do that for you guys and I'll be to set a realistic expectation. This may be very difficult to deal with because Amazon seller support, they are not very cooperative and it may end up taking a long time. So I'm talking about from a few weeks to even maybe more than a month. I mean that's just realistically how it is because it's not very common problem. But I have seen this kind of things happening where for some reason the subcategory is not mapped with the product. Product. And which is why it's not showing up organically. Right. Because when Amazon matches one product with a node, then it also relates that product with certain keywords or search terms, which is what is not happening right now. Right. Yeah.

Speaker A: Is there. Would it make sense, like, would your recommendation be to can we take this down, this listing and like relist it the way that you would have it set up where the pro.

Speaker B: Well, you guys didn't do anything wrong. It's just on Amazon's end. And I think the first step would be to see if we can fix this listing because it has certain reviews, certain number of reviews. And if we cannot, then I don't think we should continue with this listing. Better if we start from scratch.

Speaker A: And that's actually something I wanted to bring up to in terms of how we managed setup from dossier to dot com Today's show have so because reviews played into like when we went into dot com so and you can see it on our images. Like all of our images in the US Are Canadian packed because we have taken the Canadian listing and put it to the US So that the reviews go with it. And so is that typically the strategic setup that you see across the markets to simplify, I guess just simplify assets and set up and to tag the reviews?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. So that's very normal.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's very normal. And that's actually the best practice if you want to, you know, take advantage of the reviews.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. That's what we were told. Yeah. Okay. Because in a way I was almost wondering, like, is it because it's not like localized to have like a total us image and us this like. So. But you're saying that's not the issue. So you're basically saying when the item got set up and something broke in the packet that's not linking and so. And then Bernie, it looks like. So what we've done to work around that is we started paying like we're doing sponsored ads and that's all. It's only the ones that we're seeing or. Sorry, only the ones that were paying.

Speaker B: Yeah. And it won't do anything for you. I mean, the whole point of advertising on Amazon is to rank organically. And even advertising will give you some visibility with the use. It will not rank for any keyword organically. It's just a waste at this point.

Speaker A: Okay, great. So, yeah, we definitely would want you to help open a ticket with Amazon and progress that like as soon as possible to start pushing on, you know, whatever Amazon can do on that show. How so Even if you get to that, even before our Monday discussion, go ahead and start doing open that discussion. Because you're saying it could take weeks, could take a month. So we've been. That would be helpful. The other thing I was going to ask you too, maybe to add to our keyword search and stuff with the tariff discussion in the market. Maybe not so valuable with.com but on.ca like. And Brittany, I was going to mention this for meta too. Like the word Canadian made. Made in Canada, like sort of bringing that top. I'm sure it's maybe an expensive word to bid in right now for any Canadian products. But for sure, for our meta, bring a copy on our ads and stuff like that. For sure. I think because, you know, we have that big Canada symbol right on there. I used it before from like Canada Day. I think we should just like pull it and make it bigger. Yeah. And then so home. Would you have any knowledge? I guess what we'll just want to understand is so tariffs will impact Amazon.com because we're the FSBP. How will that work? Will. Will Amazon just. Just tack the price on like. Or how will that work? How will we get charged back? That terrific. Will just be added to our fees or will it be added to the price on Amazon?

Speaker B: Amazon is not going to do anything. It's up to you, right? When you are shipping your products, I mean you are importing it to.

Speaker A: And Then just one question on buy boxes. So I know that you mentioned it in that email yesterday. So if I see so for example, it probably will be those. So when we see there are seven data sellers who are selling them, am I just contact like I'm emailing you, letting me know, hey, we're losing this buy box and it is because of price. Then do you usually discuss the strategy? Like are we moving it down? Are we like what is. Like what's your suggestion? I know that that will come up quite often.

Speaker B: Yeah, I, I took a look at the listing yesterday in the back end and I don't see any competitive price mentioned. So from Amazon's end they are probably not detecting any price. That's what it looks like. I mean any lower price. And also I wanted to confirm with you, is this same UPC listed somewhere else at a lower price? No.

Speaker A: So see so far. But that's the thing. It was, it's like a three pack. Is it a three pack for me? Yeah, yeah. So there's no three packs selling anywhere else. There's single units selling elsewhere because that pouch, that pouches our core item. So like this sells at grocery, it sells at fry market in the US and stuff, right? Yeah, but the pack on Amazon is a three times.

Speaker B: No, no, it's that, that's okay. I don't think that's causing any issue. The problem here is a buy box. They don't reveal any information regarding that. How they determine whether a product should win a buy box. If you create a case, they will just get back to you with a canned response that will not be helpful at all. So all we could do is to understand what going on from our end and fix it. So at this point it doesn't look like it's because of pricing anywhere else. Well, it's kind of unfortunate. If we cannot figure it out on our end, we'll have to discontinue that listing.

Speaker A: I'd say it happens every six months like it happens and then it happens again. July last year.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So clearly if you're buying it just it must be because we're maybe not as well known in the states. Right. So clearly some retailer must be just liquidating it. Amazon sellers are picking it up and posting online. So it seems to happen quite randomly. But then when it happens, it happens.

Speaker B: So it, it also comes back once in a while.

Speaker A: Every, I would say vacated something. Last time it was around April and then around like November. October. Ish.

Speaker B: Right. The thing is, if it was because of pricing, Amazon would pick up that price and also mention that competitive price is this. They would say that under the listing, but I didn't see any such mention, at least from the FBA inventory page. So that's why I was thinking it may be something else. But it may benefit if I look into it a little bit more and see if it is listed somewhere else. If someone is liquidating it. We need to do that search from our end. Yeah, that's what I'll suggest. That's you.

Speaker A: Yeah. Right. Okay. So yeah, that's great. On just so that you have the back end of that and then, you know, even just to save time on Monday a little bit too, I wanted. You saw my question there about the setup of the snacks to go and optimizing on the back end a little bit. And you had mentioned. So Annabelle, when we met him, you had the one question that we have the two pack of Camellia oil. That is one of our good revenue items online as well. It's the two bottles. And so there's a small case pack change. So he's going to try on our next inventory shipment just to ship the cases in and see if for some reason just ship a few in, see if Amazon plays. But you had mentioned unless it's a material change to the master case, to the item inside.

Speaker B: To the item.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's likely not to get.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. One caution though, it cannot weigh too much. I mean it also depends on whether you're doing LTL shipments or you're doing small personal delivery. So I need to check the limits that we have on the size. So for example, I know if it is more than 50 pound, then you have to sticker it with some. Forgot the exact term that is heavy. You have to mention that it's heavy. And also there say a limitation on the dimension that you can ship, particularly if it is small personally.

Speaker A: So you just wanted to get those, those details. I could put just a quick email together of you and Annabelle and say hey, if you guys want to just connect on those details details, because he might have them so long like I'm just originally setting up the Camelin oil. He might have some familiarity with those limitations, but good for you to flag them and say, hey, just making sure you're familiar. As long as you still are within these limitations of weight and LTL dimensions, you should be good to go. Because it's a small change to the master case, it's not a change to the item, it's not a change to the label, it's not a change to the cost, nothing else.

Speaker B: That's right. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Because that. So. Because that is a good example. So. But snacks to go. I'm sorry, this is not the actual snacks to go. So this is say the snacks to go item. And currently we take this and we put one item in a box and then we build a pallet and we send it to Amazon and they fulfill. So they pick one box at a time.

Speaker B: Wow.

Speaker A: What we want, we want them to open a box.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: And just take a bag out.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And we want that box size to be six inside because now it aligns with two other customers that we sell in six. I would, I would like to go bigger, but I've been told six is good. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: How do you do that?

Speaker B: That's not even a problem. I mean, for this one. This is not heavy. I was more worried about the oil because it's heavy. Right. So that's why I had to mention those weight limits for this one. If you put six together, how much will you.

Speaker A: We change the master case size. It's still. The unit sale is still the same. The only communication is now instead of just picking a box, now they have to open a box and pick a unit.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, so you're saying you could work with animal like. Because obviously we just have to change some stuff in the back end.

Speaker B: It's. Yes, you could. If you. Let's say you want to set this box size as your default, then you can set that up in the backend so that it's easy for Anubhav to fulfill those products in the future so that he doesn't have to set it up again and again and again. Yeah. So there's that setup.

Speaker A: Okay. And would that be adjusting the current setup or are you suggesting do a new setup and then get rid of the other.

Speaker B: It's in fact so easy, you know, it's just that you have to change nothing. You have to click on create shipment, select the skus there. You have to define that I have a box size where I have six units in each box and each box will weigh this much. The dimensions are these. And then you will have it there permanently. So each time, after all, afterwards, when, whenever you create a new shipment, you just say, I'll ship six boxes. Right. So 36 units. That's how it will.

Speaker A: Okay. So yeah, I might have you and Annabelle speak specifically about that or I'll bring him into our next meeting when we talk more about that change instead of just the marketing stuff, just so that he's really clear. Because you can obviously tell we're a bit skittish about Amazon because we know that no small change is just a small change.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Don't think you can change something small without, you know, thinking about all the other things. Okay. Okay, great. Well, so, yeah, we just wanted to bring you up to speed on some of that and then we'll look forward on Monday to more of your recommendations on how we can just optimize further in Canada and maybe hopefully grow faster in the US from that idea.

Speaker B: Yeah. Well, so before you go, I want to confirm one thing about the agenda. The meeting on Monday. I understand it's going to be about the product detail page. We need to finalize that. But also at the same time, do we need to talk about the schedule SKUs, the SKU cleanup? Do you want to talk about that too?

Speaker A: Yeah, we can on Monday. So I was just showing Brittany because what I. Because there's this SKU cleanup. So hopefully if there's time, because I know how sometimes if we have to have a separate meeting with Corey, we'll set one up. But. So this was, for example, I was just pulling our, our sales report and just highlighting what's been done. Like I wanted to go through. These are all the items that we're currently selling on dossier. These are all, all, all the items selling. The ones I have highlighted in yellow are our top sellers. They're good revenues. You're looking at optimizing those ones. So I would say start here on these ones to optimize these ones.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: This one I have in red. This is also a Camelina oil skew. That used to be a very good revenue, but we have a current issue with this. So I would have to bring Annabelle in on this issue. So I'd like to fix this one because it can bring back revenue very quickly as well. The ones I've highlighted here in gray, these are the ones I mentioned are going away in the next few months. They're just operationally complex. So those we will go away. And the total annual revenue of all of those together is about 81,000. Just to know that, because we're going to take away. And I'm hoping that we don't see like a huge. Then come up. Obviously you're not going to get your 3% growth. All of a sudden. Take these away. So the ones in blue are the ones that you mentioned this. They're slow sellers. They're not adding a lot of value. So I would almost kind of say, like, I'm not, you Know, I'm not in a hurry to touch those. Like we'll get there when we get there on those. But I, I agree with what you're saying. And then these other ones are those core or core variety packs to be talked about. So, so yeah, we could touch on this on Monday and maybe just put a plan in place because there's, there's kind of like a phased approach. I don't want to give it all at you at once and saying, hey, you know what, what? Let's focus on optimizing our top sellers. We also have a new listing that we need to get up and going.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And we have these going away. Why don't we just start there and then we maybe move to rationalize a little bit further after we've done this.

Speaker B: Sounds good. And also these was just based on the Canadian marketplace. I also need to take a look at the U.S. marketplace. Yeah. And whatever I'm doing, it's just my suggestions and observation. I of course cannot make any decision unilaterally. Right. I have to share my insights so that you can decide that's what we're

Speaker A: trying to do differently as well. Because here I did the same thing for the US and different sellers. So here I said more snacks to go positions. Here is why I have it read. It should be doing a lot better. We're going to start something. We're going to try and troubleshoot that. Right now our lentil variety pack is the best seller in dot com.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Which to your point, lentils is a well searched. It's a good keyword. It's getting lots of searches, probably getting lots of hits. Camelin Oil does well. I'd like to put the 5L back in the US but the issue in Canada, we haven't been able to do that.

Speaker B: So. And by the way, it was chickpeas. That has good starches.

Speaker A: Oh, chickpeas. Oh, chickpeas. And then lentil was second. But there was a slide you showed where chickpeas and lentils. Like raw lentils.

Speaker B: Yes. It does more for raw lentils. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: For instance in Canada, which we probably do. So you'll see here. Yeah. So we had two of these fava packs. These two are being phased out right now, but you can see they basically stopped selling. We phased them out. This one is a five pack of the fava beans and we also have a three pack. No two listings here. There's something doubling up in my sales report here. But us, I was thinking. Oh, here. Yeah, sorry. So we have the three pack of the fava beans and we have the five pack. We decided just keep the five pack and we phased out the three pack. Okay. Just keep one. So these blue ones are kind of like already gone, right?

Speaker B: Yeah, sounds good. All right.

Speaker A: So yeah, we can, we can touch on that a little bit too. Just so that you have strong direction. But for sure, let's just focus on optimizing the low hanging fruit. Getting rid of these ones that operationally are going away for sure in the next two months and get the new item listed.

Speaker B: Yeah, Sure. Well, to set the right expectation, I don't think I'll be able to get started with the Snack 2 variety. Sorry, that variety pack in the US this week because I'll be traveling. I've applied at 5 today and I need to run right after this meeting. I'm going to India the next week. You'll see me from India. So. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. And what about the other thing?

Speaker A: Sorry. So you're saying Shohan, for Monday's meeting we're gonna focus on CA and then let's do a separate meeting for dot com.

Speaker B: No, I'm. I can also prepare that dot com thing. I. I have already done it. It's already on my end. I need to create the presentation so that it's easy to follow. And also about the SKU cleanup. I'll also try to get that done. I mean I'll get that done for Monday. Yeah, well, well I think that's. No, that's. There's one thing that I was about to forget. So. Britney, I know you have given me access, but I don't think it's everything. So if you don't mind sharing your screen right now, maybe I can walk you through the permissions and we can get that fixed.

Speaker A: I just need to get Amazon. Yeah, this login is undo. Let me see if it's online right now. I just need his. The two factor. So how long is that flight?

Speaker B: Sorry? The flight. Okay, I'm going to Qatar first. I'll stay there for two days and then. So the flight to Qatar is 17 hours. Yeah, the flight to Qatar is 17 hours. Then. Then it's like four and a half. No, it will. There's a layover at Frankfurt. Yeah.

Speaker A: And I was headed to India. Annabelle, this went into the. I think at the end of February. And our safety manager, she just got back last year.

Speaker B: Yeah, User permissions. Yeah, I don't even see myself here. Oh, the last one. Okay, so advertising. Make me edit. Just click on that. Edit on the top. Just one Button. Yeah, done. Oh, is it. Is it going to edit everything now? Okay, this is new.

Speaker A: Last time I was in here was. Yeah, that was the last time we spoke and I promise you, all of them.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I didn't know you could pop up.

Speaker B: Right. If you are done, I will check right now and I'll just make sure that I have everything on my end so that I don't have to bother you anymore with this. 777, 262. Okay,

Speaker A: Let's try that again. So advertising. Yes. Brand benefits. Yes.

Speaker B: Growth is fine.

Speaker A: Let me save this and then see.

Speaker B: Yeah, this is where I need that. Yeah, exactly. Media upload too, please. I don't need manage orders, but if you want to give me access, fine.

Speaker A: You know what? Show home. We're probably just wanting help with everything.

Speaker B: Yeah. The only thing you don't need to give me is to edit user permissions. That's what you don't need to give me. Yeah. So you see that user permission down there? Yeah, just. Yeah, exactly. And I don't know did they also move global user permission here? Okay, The inventory is set. Okay, now I have the brand analytics access, so it should be. Okay, I'll just. Just receive right now. One second. Three farmers. Yeah, I think I have everything right now. I have manage inventory access, advertising access reports. I don't have business reports. Could you please take the access to reports. Right.

Speaker A: So before. It looks much different and

Speaker B: yeah, I have everything. Looks like I have everything.

Speaker A: But what's weird is I went through things name like I also went through here. There's nowhere else to like add you. It's only for settings.

Speaker B: Huh. Happens.

Speaker A: I mean this has happened before.

Speaker B: Well, Amazon. Amazon, yeah. We can expect anything to happen here. I think I have your vision right now. Thank you.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. All right.

Speaker A: Okay, we'll have a seat, guys.

Speaker B: Thank you. Nice seeing you. I will see you again on Monday.

Speaker A: Thank you so much.

Speaker B: Thank you. Bye now.

Speaker A: Oh wait, when do you come back?

Speaker B: I come back on March 8th, but I'll. I'm not taking any vacation by the way. I'm just going there. I have a few things to do. Of course I need to be my parents. I have a friend's wedding to attend and I'll. I'll just stay there and enjoy good food and work. Yeah. All right, take care. Bye now.

Speaker A: Bye bye.

