Transcript for: Recording__548.mp4
Title: Recording #548
============================================================

Client communication and my main area is the PPC ads. I'm doing keyword research and optimize making optimized content and then making also the ad strategies and also running the ad those ads and yeah maintaining those campaigns on regular basis by. By doing regular optimization. Okay. I mean it looks like this is your second company. So how do you. How did you get into this domain and how did you learn all these things? Basically I started my after graduation for one or two years I went on government preparation. Then after that I thought it's not going well because one should have some backup plans about waste your time in this. So because I I thought many of the students I found that they just wasting time on the government so I thought not to waste your time and age at all. So I went I just joined a small just to gain some knowledge I joined a real estate company and there I was working very in a very small domain for like regular Facebook marketing and all. So from there I became very much curious about what's the digital marketing is all about. Then after that within I I just worked for two because I was not. I don't want to be you know that real estate atmosphere because I don't find comfortable in that Mosfet because that that. That is very much of field work and I was not comfortable in that. I I was updating only at the office work so and they were not doing marketing in some bigger level. But I want to from. But I'm discussing about their. There's a experience because I got curious about what's digital marketing from there. That's why I'm discussing that small zone. Okay then first. First lockdown happened. Then I yeah I joined I did some online course for digital marketing from Indian Shala. Then after first lockdown when the things get slightly open then I joined a company just foreign to gain an internship and practical knowledge of digital marketing. Then after that in the second lockdown I got placed company name as sell right and they are purely working for the Amazon ppc. From there I get the training for the what is PPC all about and there I was working as a PPC executive and there was three four people. There was many teams and about in my team there are three two or three senior people and from them I learned everything about the PPC advertising. Got it after leaving the yeah after 1.3 years. I had worked in that company for 1.3 years. Then after leaving job from there for 23 months I went to internship to learn about Facebook and Google Ads. But that scene doesn't seem so well because as a digital marketing executive they make us very much indulged in that all marketing and monitoring activities. But I don't like that monitoring job because I think after certain after 3040 you are able to do this monitoring that all everything activities going on. But at this time I want to learn more and more I can. So I want to be a back end processor technical. I'm very much interested in that how things work, how advertisement work, how you make the planning. Just to take a glance about the social media marketing. That's why I joined that company. But they said no work as a manager and monitor all activities. But I didn't found those because I thought about the manager level of things I can do afterwards when it's it is very good when you have all kind of knowledge how things work then you can make person manager because he or she know everything. But as a starting or at this. At this time period in the where I will say the in my phase of learning I want to learn as much as can. So I left the job and then I went then I start looking for a remote opportunity because also in my lab previous company that seller drive where I was working as an Amazon executive I was finding very much difficult to travel that somewhere. It was very effectively help. So that's why I started looking and I also get aware about that episode this kind of job also there are some remote opportunities. So so I thought why not go for a good opportunity. So because in Nagpur only that company is working as in a bigger level. So I thought not many many much company at investor move down. But I want to work with some good company. So that's why I thought let's go for remote companies. So then I came across this. Then here as an account manager I'm working beyond ppc. Like in my previous company I was not creating content and not doing listing and trade logging. But here I'm doing everything except designing. I just used to guide my client because they having their own personally designed person. So I just used to guide them that they send a kind of creative reward for a page. If you can please make sure that it provides such creatives to us. Then I just used to upload all those images part and A plus content. Also they used to provide is that IB just uploaded. And except designing I am doing everything for an account. Okay. Like listing new product. You know how to list a new product in a seller setting. Got it. Got it. Okay. So it means like you are also working on the strategic part of let's say you have to create a new listing. You are also working on the strategy component where you have to come up with insights about the market and do some computer research how. And. And also are you doing copywriting? Are you writing the content? Yep. Okay. Along with SEO, you are doing all of those things? Yes. Yeah. The content in SEO is one and only thing. I will say that we train fonted in such manner that it should be satisfy all SE units of windows from the day when we make content about keeping that SEO innovation. Okay, that sounds good. And what I would ask you is because. Okay. By the way, for the listing content, I want to ask you one more question here. So for the images at the A plus content, you said your clients they have their own design or own way of doing it. See, in that case, do you need to do anything about this content? For example, do you need to write the copy for those images? Or. Or is that also something that your clients take care of on their own? No, no, he used to take care of. I just get the reference of the competitors that how your competitors are using images. So by taking that through that, through those. Through that guidance from those images, you can prepare for your whichever information satisfy your product. Right. All right. By the way, when did you finish your graduation from Nakpur University? It's on in the year of 2015. Okay. And you studied electronic engineering there? Yeah, Electronics and telecommunication engineering. Okay. Well, so now that I know about what you how you came into this domain and also I understand what what you did until now, you said that you want to learn more things. So you know, now you're looking for a new opportunity. What would be ideal for you? What do you want to get into? And I mean let's say it's an ideal job situation. What. What would it look like? My first reason to leave my present company is only for a financial good because I'm not satisfied with my my salary. And at the end of the day you are working for the to get some good amount of income. But if you are providing every every much your you are using every. Sorry every nerves of your brain and you're not getting paid accordingly. So somewhere it is quite disturbing. And yeah. Only the financial for. Only for. For the financial growth. I am leaving my present job present job. Otherwise everything was good. Okay. It's a startup company. So in a startup company, as you know get very much things to get learned new things because the company with you the company is also growing. So it's a learning phase of both for the company as well as for their employees. And you regular or regular, you get some very new challenges. Right? Yeah. So yeah, I feel like it's not just client problems that you have to deal with, it's also the company situation. It changes. They may have some urgency to deal with and you may have to participate in solving that. Right. Is it like that? Yes. Well, so it looks like you're satisfied with the responsibilities and the things that you were getting to learn at the company. It's just that you are not satisfied with the salary. So that brings to the discussion of what are you expecting in terms of salary for the knowledge I'm having currently I'm holding 2.7 years. 2.7 years of knowledge in MSN PPC. So at least I should get between 25 to 30k in a month. Okay, and what are you getting now if you don't mind sharing? No, no, it's so only 12k we are getting and it's lots of reason that we are a startup company. Yeah. We are having many expenses. So I'm listening. Since one year I'm missing that. Now it's time because I'm also in need. Got it. Okay. And one more thing here is. Well in terms of your availability, you see we are in Canada. We are based in Canada. And so you know the work hours, it's not like I'm going to ask that you have to work all USD hours. So that would be kind of very difficult because you see if you talk about the office hours here 9am to 5:30, that's the regular office hours in the EST time that is in Indian time right now it will be 6:30pm to start at 6:30pm and then it ends at 5:30 means 3am so which is not what I'm going to ask you to do. But then at least there should be a significant amount of overlap. So I would say at least one half. So if we say 9 to 1pm that means 6:30pm to 10:30pm There should be a overlap of at least that many hours. Right. And then for the rest of the hours do you think that's possible for you? Yeah, yeah it will be possible for me. If you, if you ask me to work for 6:30 to 11pm that will also work fine for me. Well that's, that's just the overlap and then you can cover the rest of the hours during your on time. Sounds good. It's like a full time role. Yeah, it's a full like in our present company also if we are having some work, you need to go or some one or hour sometime it happens like. Like any uncertain weather condition the power supply get cut off. Then if your half an hour, one hour is wasted we need to cover that. Like as my office hours are only 9am to 6pm but if in case because of some reason I my one or half an hour or one hour get wasted or utilize somewhere so I will going to cover it like that. Like I will work for work till 7pm on that day just to cover my working hours and to make sure the task that I get right. Okay. All right, sounds good Pooja. So you know what I would ask you is I read your cover letter, you mentioned a few things there. So I wanted to ask along with the full time opportunity are you also thinking of doing something on the side as a freelancer? If I get the good opportunity, a good salary exposure then I will not go for any side opportunities. But if the like my present company if. If I will get such kind of salary definitely I need to do some extra work. Got it? Yeah, makes sense. One more thing that I'm curious about is in this industry you see there are so many changes taking place. If you just consider Amazon even just advertisement so many things are changing on a day to day basis and there are so many new things that are being created. How do you keep yourself up to date with all those new things that are happening? Through my research and if we are registered in a seller central again Amazon used to give you the regular means that what new update they have come come up with. So it's going through that and doing the research that what's what it is all about and do some Google search in this way I used to keep myself up to date. Okay. Or if any senior person in the company asks just go through add something else update as updates and I still just go through the thing so I we used to just. Okay, sounds good to me. Well so you know what as the next step what I would ask you oh by the way for this compensation. I mentioned it clearly in the job description and that is what I'm offering. So. So it feels. I feel like. What do you think about that? First of all that's why I applied. Okay, so you're good with that, you're happy with that right? Yeah, I think there was something it's. You're paying 33k per month I think 30. Yes, it's 33k. Yes, that's right. 4 lakh. So if you divide that it's 33. Now something that I would want you to understand is we are a Canadian company. We don't have an establishment in India. So you know, in order to hire somebody in India as an employee. So for tax purposes you are, we need to have an establishment in India, which you don't. So what we are going to do is you are not going to be literally you are not going to be for tax pursuit, you're not going to be an employee, you're going to be a contractor. Is that fine with you? I didn't get that. Not going to be employed. So you know what, there are two things, right? One is you said freelancer for example. Freelancers are a self employed people, right? Yes, yes and yes. So contractor means self employed people. What I am saying is because we cannot hire anybody in India as an employee illegally or for tax purposes. You see, that's why if we hire you, it's going to be like you're going to get regular payments as if you are an employee. Everything is going to be the same. It's just that for tax purposes, when you file your tax returns, you will be a self employed person, not an employee. Like not an employee of any company. Is that, is that okay with that means you are asking me to work as a freelancer. Well, I'm not asking you to do anything. I mean it's like you are going to be as if you're an employee. It's just exactly. I have the exact same expectation from you. And you are going to work full time employee, but on papers it will be a self employed person. Exactly, exactly. That's right. Will you be okay with that? Yeah. Well, you can also, I mean I don't know what are the drawbacks of it? I can't think of any. But if you want to take a look at that, think about it, you can and let me know if that is okay with you. If you want to take some time, that's also fine. And apart from that, for the next tips, what I'll say is I will send you an assessment. So what is, what is the assessment going to be about? It's about a real life situation of a client. Suppose the client, we are going to onboard the client and we have to make a 30 day plan for the client, right? So what we have to do is we have to take it, I'll define the client like I'll give you the example name of the example client and then we'll, I'll give you some context that this is their current situation. Also you have to do some research to analyze the current situation and what their objectives are based on these two pieces of information, you need to make a plan, a detailed plan for the first 30 days. Yeah, that's the assessment. And I'll. I'll probably give you two to three days of time in order to look into that and get back to me. What I'll request you is if you are sincere about this, this position, I request you to take some time and give me some detailed answer on that, because that's based on that. I'm going to make some. Make a decision on whom to hire. Do you have any questions on this. When I'm going to send you the assessment? In the chat, after our interview. In a chat or in a mail. I think mail works fine. Okay. I can also email. Email it to you. I can see your email on the resume. So I can email it to you. Yes. And also if you're having Helium 10 tool with you and if it's your assessment needs, some keyword research, if you can provide the helium 10 access to me. I'm sorry, what is that? Helium 10 tool? You need access to that? Okay. Yes. Okay. So you need some reports from not having. Okay, not having that tool. I'm having the access for the company, but it's not ethical to. Definitely. Yes. So here's what I'll do. Let me know what reports you need and what I'll do is. Yeah, I'll generate those and send. First I will see the. Sorry. First I will see the Essex assessment. If it requires to have some keyword research and all, then I will ask who likes this? And if you don't, then I will not ask. Sure, sounds good. Awesome. So that's kind of the end of it. But then, you know, before you go, I wanted to give you a little bit about some information about what we are actually looking for in the company. You see, we are. We are very small, by the way. We are just three people right now. We have some. We deal with mostly companies in the CPG space, consumer product good space. So that means health supplement for food. And also we are interested in cosmetic products. Our motto as the company is not just to provide Amazon services, but to help these companies with any e commerce operations. So that means Amazon, Walmart, there is something called Instacart. We also do that to some extent. Not always, but sometimes, whenever the client needs. So there are some other platforms too, but Walmart, Amazon, these are of course the primary ones and for now we are totally focused on. Primarily focused on Amazon, although we are trying to expand and take responsibilities of Walmart channel now. What I will say is at this point what we need to focus on as a company is the growth of the company. That means to acquire new clients. And when can that happen? When someone is actually working on the growth. I'm not saying that you have to do that, but I'm saying that one of us or some of us have to. So that means what is happening at this point is some of my time, much of my. My time and also other members times are going on servicing the clients. So if we're engaged with just servicing the clients, that means there is no time to work on other company's growth. Acquiring new customers, I mean clients. That's why we want to bring in somebody who can take some of these things off our plates and make things easier, you know, free up some of our time so that we can figure out how we can actually focus on the growth component. And also at the same time, you know, you are going to be a core member of the company and actually contribute to the growth. Do you understand? So we, we definitely need somebody who is capable of taking responsibilities for figuring out things, you know, taking the ideas from the clients and then understanding their objectives and actually come up with the strategic planning and also actually deliver on those things. That is what we need at this point. That is all. Do you have any questions on that. Puja? No sir. No, I don't have any. Any queries regarding there. But yes, it will require. I'm sorry, can you please say that again? I couldn't hear you. Probably the. It's a. I'm. I'm saying that I don't have any queries but it will be good if one of you workers who join us in the PTC team. One or two people in the PPC team. Yeah. As you said, there are only two to three people. I'm saying that it will be very good if one or two people more add in a team as a ppc. Oh, oh, okay. Advertising team. Right. You are not going to be primarily focusing on PPC by the way in the beginning. At the very least. What I will say is there this listing optimization component something that I would like you to take care of. I'd like you to. PPC is also something, you know, it's like more like finding new opportunities for our existing clients, analyzing the situation. What else can we improve and, and also implementing some of those. But then the. What I'll say is at this point I'll not. In the. Especially in the beginning, I'll not give you much of ppc. See optimization responsibilities. Yeah. But it's more about the listing optimization, the strategy component. Go out there and identify new opportunities. What else can you do to improve the clients? Either presence of the listing or even advertisement or let's say we want to experiment something new with advertisement for some products of the client. In that case, you know, we also need to keep an eye on how things are going with the experiment. Right. And then based on that, if you feel there are certain things that we should be doing, can also make suggestions regarding that. That is the kind of things that we are looking for. And also of course there is an operational component. So you know, some the day to days and to some extent creating new listings. Sometimes we are talking with the seller support. Are you going to be okay with that by the way? Yes. You sure about that? Because you know you mentioned that you want to be, you want to explore new things. That's your priority right now. So if we give you some most of the day to day stuff along with let's say you have to talk with the seller support and you probably know how frustrating that is. Will you be okay with that? Yes. Yeah. Client communication. If you are a pro member, if you are doing the operational part of for an accountant and this client communication. Yes it becomes very sometime irritating because yeah, there should be one person who's only doing that task to me for client communication. People who have such person on the team. Yeah, we do that. What happens? What happens that I'm doing? So I'm planning spot some strategy, I'm doing my competitive research and in between the client has come with some out of the box kind of thing queries why it's happening. What I for example I'm doing, I'm planning the ad strategy and someone asking for the listing and shipment creation. So that disturbs the time and also breaks the concentration. It will be good if there should be one person who is doing client application. Yes, yes, yes, that's right there we will. You don't have to do that part right now. You don't need to directly communicate with the client. For now what you can focus on is the operation and also the strategic implementation of some of the. Some of the stuff. And I think that you are a little bit worried about whether there will be a clear structure, clear role, define role for every person in the company. We will try to do that as much as possible. But then again we're a very small company so you know that may. We may need to. We may have different priorities from time to time. We don't want to deviate Our people from the primary task as much. But then you know, everybody needs to be a bit more flexible too in this company. Is that fine? Yes. Yeah. Okay. All right. So that is it. Pooja, from my side. I'll just send you the assessment after our call. Okay. Do you want to ask something else before you go? Does your company provides part time portions? Why is that? No, no. I mean I'm asking. Why are you asking? Yeah, in case I didn't able to join as a full time employee. So does it say in the initial basis. I'm saying if I get fit for the company then continue as a full time. So are you okay? Is that because you're thinking that based on what I just said it may not be a good fit for you or what you want? No, it's. At least it will quality test for you, for your company. In view of your company asking if I need to come stand by on the expectation. That's why. So I think assessment will work. Let's do the assessment part. If you find that whatever expectations you're having. No, I do need someone full time. And you know what it's. It's like or in the beginning probably the workload will not be that much because we need to figure out how we'll transfer responsibilities. And also you know, making you a part of the team, that may take a while. So in the beginning you may feel like, oh, I don't have too much responsibility. But eventually we'll. I mean there will be an onboarding process. Maybe after a month you will see I have plenty of things to do. So I do think that we need a full time person. Having a full time person also, you know, ensures. Since you for example, you are someone who is very much interested in learning new things. That means you are kind of dedicated to this. Right? And we need that. We need that person who will be dedicated to learning who is really interested and curious to learn new things. We need that person in the team. Yeah. All right. Pooja, thank you so much for taking the time. I'll follow up with the assessment in the chat. Sounds good. All right, take care. Yeah. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Client communication and my main area is the PPC ads. I'm doing keyword research and optimize making optimized content and then making also the ad strategies and also running the ad those ads and yeah maintaining those campaigns on regular basis by. By doing regular optimization.

Speaker B: Okay. I mean it looks like this is your second company. So how do you. How did you get into this domain and how did you learn all these things?

Speaker A: Basically I started my after graduation for one or two years I went on government preparation. Then after that I thought it's not going well because one should have some backup plans about waste your time in this. So because I I thought many of the students I found that they just wasting time on the government so I thought not to waste your time and age at all. So I went I just joined a small just to gain some knowledge I joined a real estate company and there I was working very in a very small domain for like regular Facebook marketing and all. So from there I became very much curious about what's the digital marketing is all about. Then after that within I I just worked for two because I was not. I don't want to be you know that real estate atmosphere because I don't find comfortable in that Mosfet because that that. That is very much of field work and I was not comfortable in that. I I was updating only at the office work so and they were not doing marketing in some bigger level. But I want to from. But I'm discussing about their. There's a experience because I got curious about what's digital marketing from there. That's why I'm discussing that small zone. Okay then first. First lockdown happened. Then I yeah I joined I did some online course for digital marketing from Indian Shala. Then after first lockdown when the things get slightly open then I joined a company just foreign to gain an internship and practical knowledge of digital marketing. Then after that in the second lockdown I got placed company name as sell right and they are purely working for the Amazon ppc. From there I get the training for the what is PPC all about and there I was working as a PPC executive and there was three four people. There was many teams and about in my team there are three two or three senior people and from them I learned everything about the PPC advertising. Got it after leaving the yeah after 1.3 years. I had worked in that company for 1.3 years. Then after leaving job from there for 23 months I went to internship to learn about Facebook and Google Ads. But that scene doesn't seem so well because as a digital marketing executive they make us very much indulged in that all marketing and monitoring activities. But I don't like that monitoring job because I think after certain after 3040 you are able to do this monitoring that all everything activities going on. But at this time I want to learn more and more I can. So I want to be a back end processor technical. I'm very much interested in that how things work, how advertisement work, how you make the planning. Just to take a glance about the social media marketing. That's why I joined that company. But they said no work as a manager and monitor all activities. But I didn't found those because I thought about the manager level of things I can do afterwards when it's it is very good when you have all kind of knowledge how things work then you can make person manager because he or she know everything. But as a starting or at this. At this time period in the where I will say the in my phase of learning I want to learn as much as can. So I left the job and then I went then I start looking for a remote opportunity because also in my lab previous company that seller drive where I was working as an Amazon executive I was finding very much difficult to travel that somewhere. It was very effectively help. So that's why I started looking and I also get aware about that episode this kind of job also there are some remote opportunities. So so I thought why not go for a good opportunity. So because in Nagpur only that company is working as in a bigger level. So I thought not many many much company at investor move down. But I want to work with some good company. So that's why I thought let's go for remote companies. So then I came across this. Then here as an account manager I'm working beyond ppc. Like in my previous company I was not creating content and not doing listing and trade logging. But here I'm doing everything except designing. I just used to guide my client because they having their own personally designed person. So I just used to guide them that they send a kind of creative reward for a page. If you can please make sure that it provides such creatives to us. Then I just used to upload all those images part and A plus content. Also they used to provide is that IB just uploaded. And except designing I am doing everything for an account.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Like listing new product. You know how to list a new product in a seller setting.

Speaker B: Got it. Got it. Okay. So it means like you are also working on the strategic part of let's say you have to create a new listing. You are also working on the strategy component where you have to come up with insights about the market and do some computer research how. And. And also are you doing copywriting? Are you writing the content?

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: Okay. Along with SEO, you are doing all of those things?

Speaker A: Yes. Yeah. The content in SEO is one and only thing. I will say that we train fonted in such manner that it should be satisfy all SE units of windows from the day when we make content about keeping that SEO innovation.

Speaker B: Okay, that sounds good. And what I would ask you is because. Okay. By the way, for the listing content, I want to ask you one more question here. So for the images at the A plus content, you said your clients they have their own design or own way of doing it. See, in that case, do you need to do anything about this content? For example, do you need to write the copy for those images? Or. Or is that also something that your clients take care of on their own?

Speaker A: No, no, he used to take care of. I just get the reference of the competitors that how your competitors are using images. So by taking that through that, through those. Through that guidance from those images, you can prepare for your whichever information satisfy your product.

Speaker B: Right. All right. By the way, when did you finish your graduation from Nakpur University?

Speaker A: It's on in the year of 2015.

Speaker B: Okay. And you studied electronic engineering there?

Speaker A: Yeah, Electronics and telecommunication engineering. Okay.

Speaker B: Well, so now that I know about what you how you came into this domain and also I understand what what you did until now, you said that you want to learn more things. So you know, now you're looking for a new opportunity. What would be ideal for you? What do you want to get into? And I mean let's say it's an ideal job situation. What. What would it look like?

Speaker A: My first reason to leave my present company is only for a financial good because I'm not satisfied with my my salary. And at the end of the day you are working for the to get some good amount of income. But if you are providing every every much your you are using every. Sorry every nerves of your brain and you're not getting paid accordingly. So somewhere it is quite disturbing. And yeah. Only the financial for. Only for. For the financial growth. I am leaving my present job present job. Otherwise everything was good.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: It's a startup company. So in a startup company, as you know get very much things to get learned new things because the company with you the company is also growing. So it's a learning phase of both for the company as well as for their employees. And you regular or regular, you get some very new challenges.

Speaker B: Right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So yeah, I feel like it's not just client problems that you have to deal with, it's also the company situation. It changes. They may have some urgency to deal with and you may have to participate in solving that. Right. Is it like that?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Well, so it looks like you're satisfied with the responsibilities and the things that you were getting to learn at the company. It's just that you are not satisfied with the salary. So that brings to the discussion of what are you expecting in terms of

Speaker A: salary for the knowledge I'm having currently I'm holding 2.7 years. 2.7 years of knowledge in MSN PPC. So at least I should get between 25 to 30k in a month.

Speaker B: Okay, and what are you getting now if you don't mind sharing?

Speaker A: No, no, it's so only 12k we are getting and it's lots of reason that we are a startup company. Yeah. We are having many expenses. So I'm listening. Since one year I'm missing that. Now it's time because I'm also in need.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. And one more thing here is. Well in terms of your availability, you see we are in Canada. We are based in Canada. And so you know the work hours, it's not like I'm going to ask that you have to work all USD hours. So that would be kind of very difficult because you see if you talk about the office hours here 9am to 5:30, that's the regular office hours in the EST time that is in Indian time right now it will be 6:30pm to start at 6:30pm and then it ends at 5:30 means 3am so which is not what I'm going to ask you to do. But then at least there should be a significant amount of overlap. So I would say at least one half. So if we say 9 to 1pm that means 6:30pm to 10:30pm There should be a overlap of at least that many hours. Right. And then for the rest of the hours do you think that's possible for you?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah it will be possible for me. If you, if you ask me to work for 6:30 to 11pm that will also work fine for me.

Speaker B: Well that's, that's just the overlap and then you can cover the rest of the hours during your on time. Sounds good. It's like a full time role.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's a full like in our present company also if we are having some work, you need to go or some one or hour sometime it happens like. Like any uncertain weather condition the power supply get cut off. Then if your half an hour, one hour is wasted we need to cover that. Like as my office hours are only 9am to 6pm but if in case because of some reason I my one or half an hour or one hour get wasted or utilize somewhere so I will going to cover it like that. Like I will work for work till 7pm on that day just to cover my working hours and to make sure the task that I get right.

Speaker B: Okay. All right, sounds good Pooja. So you know what I would ask you is I read your cover letter, you mentioned a few things there. So I wanted to ask along with the full time opportunity are you also thinking of doing something on the side as a freelancer?

Speaker A: If I get the good opportunity, a good salary exposure then I will not go for any side opportunities. But if the like my present company if. If I will get such kind of salary definitely I need to do some extra work.

Speaker B: Got it? Yeah, makes sense. One more thing that I'm curious about is in this industry you see there are so many changes taking place. If you just consider Amazon even just advertisement so many things are changing on a day to day basis and there are so many new things that are being created. How do you keep yourself up to date with all those new things that are happening?

Speaker A: Through my research and if we are registered in a seller central again Amazon used to give you the regular means that what new update they have come come up with. So it's going through that and doing the research that what's what it is all about and do some Google search in this way I used to keep myself up to date.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Or if any senior person in the company asks just go through add something else update as updates and I still just go through the thing so I we used to just.

Speaker B: Okay, sounds good to me. Well so you know what as the next step what I would ask you oh by the way for this compensation. I mentioned it clearly in the job description and that is what I'm offering. So. So it feels. I feel like. What do you think about that? First of all

Speaker A: that's why I applied.

Speaker B: Okay, so you're good with that, you're happy with that right?

Speaker A: Yeah, I think there was something it's. You're paying 33k per month I think 30.

Speaker B: Yes, it's 33k. Yes, that's right. 4 lakh. So if you divide that it's 33. Now something that I would want you to understand is we are a Canadian company. We don't have an establishment in India. So you know, in order to hire somebody in India as an employee. So for tax purposes you are, we need to have an establishment in India, which you don't. So what we are going to do is you are not going to be literally you are not going to be for tax pursuit, you're not going to be an employee, you're going to be a contractor. Is that fine with you?

Speaker A: I didn't get that. Not going to be employed.

Speaker B: So you know what, there are two things, right? One is you said freelancer for example. Freelancers are a self employed people, right? Yes, yes and yes. So contractor means self employed people. What I am saying is because we cannot hire anybody in India as an employee illegally or for tax purposes. You see, that's why if we hire you, it's going to be like you're going to get regular payments as if you are an employee. Everything is going to be the same. It's just that for tax purposes, when you file your tax returns, you will be a self employed person, not an employee. Like not an employee of any company. Is that, is that okay with that

Speaker A: means you are asking me to work as a freelancer.

Speaker B: Well, I'm not asking you to do anything. I mean it's like you are going to be as if you're an employee. It's just exactly. I have the exact same expectation from you. And you are going to work full

Speaker A: time employee, but on papers it will

Speaker B: be a self employed person. Exactly, exactly. That's right. Will you be okay with that?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Well, you can also, I mean I don't know what are the drawbacks of it? I can't think of any. But if you want to take a look at that, think about it, you can and let me know if that is okay with you. If you want to take some time, that's also fine. And apart from that, for the next tips, what I'll say is I will send you an assessment. So what is, what is the assessment going to be about? It's about a real life situation of a client. Suppose the client, we are going to onboard the client and we have to make a 30 day plan for the client, right? So what we have to do is we have to take it, I'll define the client like I'll give you the example name of the example client and then we'll, I'll give you some context that this is their current situation. Also you have to do some research to analyze the current situation and what their objectives are based on these two pieces of information, you need to make a plan, a detailed plan for the first 30 days. Yeah, that's the assessment. And I'll. I'll probably give you two to three days of time in order to look into that and get back to me. What I'll request you is if you are sincere about this, this position, I request you to take some time and give me some detailed answer on that, because that's based on that. I'm going to make some. Make a decision on whom to hire. Do you have any questions on this. When I'm going to send you the assessment? In the chat, after our interview.

Speaker A: In a chat or in a mail. I think mail works fine.

Speaker B: Okay. I can also email. Email it to you. I can see your email on the resume. So I can email it to you.

Speaker A: Yes. And also if you're having Helium 10 tool with you and if it's your assessment needs, some keyword research, if you can provide the helium 10 access to me.

Speaker B: I'm sorry, what is that?

Speaker A: Helium 10 tool?

Speaker B: You need access to that? Okay. Yes. Okay. So you need some reports from not having.

Speaker A: Okay, not having that tool. I'm having the access for the company, but it's not ethical to.

Speaker B: Definitely. Yes. So here's what I'll do. Let me know what reports you need and what I'll do is. Yeah, I'll generate those and send.

Speaker A: First I will see the. Sorry. First I will see the Essex assessment. If it requires to have some keyword research and all, then I will ask who likes this? And if you don't, then I will not ask.

Speaker B: Sure, sounds good. Awesome. So that's kind of the end of it. But then, you know, before you go, I wanted to give you a little bit about some information about what we are actually looking for in the company. You see, we are. We are very small, by the way. We are just three people right now. We have some. We deal with mostly companies in the CPG space, consumer product good space. So that means health supplement for food. And also we are interested in cosmetic products. Our motto as the company is not just to provide Amazon services, but to help these companies with any e commerce operations. So that means Amazon, Walmart, there is something called Instacart. We also do that to some extent. Not always, but sometimes, whenever the client needs. So there are some other platforms too, but Walmart, Amazon, these are of course the primary ones and for now we are totally focused on. Primarily focused on Amazon, although we are trying to expand and take responsibilities of Walmart channel now. What I will say is at this point what we need to focus on as a company is the growth of the company. That means to acquire new clients. And when can that happen? When someone is actually working on the growth. I'm not saying that you have to do that, but I'm saying that one of us or some of us have to. So that means what is happening at this point is some of my time, much of my. My time and also other members times are going on servicing the clients. So if we're engaged with just servicing the clients, that means there is no time to work on other company's growth. Acquiring new customers, I mean clients. That's why we want to bring in somebody who can take some of these things off our plates and make things easier, you know, free up some of our time so that we can figure out how we can actually focus on the growth component. And also at the same time, you know, you are going to be a core member of the company and actually contribute to the growth. Do you understand? So we, we definitely need somebody who is capable of taking responsibilities for figuring out things, you know, taking the ideas from the clients and then understanding their objectives and actually come up with the strategic planning and also actually deliver on those things. That is what we need at this point. That is all. Do you have any questions on that. Puja?

Speaker A: No sir. No, I don't have any. Any queries regarding there. But yes, it will require.

Speaker B: I'm sorry, can you please say that again? I couldn't hear you. Probably the.

Speaker A: It's a. I'm. I'm saying that I don't have any queries but it will be good if one of you workers who join us in the PTC team.

Speaker B: One or two people in the PPC team.

Speaker A: Yeah. As you said, there are only two to three people. I'm saying that it will be very good if one or two people more add in a team as a ppc.

Speaker B: Oh, oh, okay.

Speaker A: Advertising team.

Speaker B: Right. You are not going to be primarily focusing on PPC by the way in the beginning. At the very least. What I will say is there this listing optimization component something that I would like you to take care of. I'd like you to. PPC is also something, you know, it's like more like finding new opportunities for our existing clients, analyzing the situation. What else can we improve and, and also implementing some of those. But then the. What I'll say is at this point I'll not. In the. Especially in the beginning, I'll not give you much of ppc. See optimization responsibilities. Yeah. But it's more about the listing optimization, the strategy component. Go out there and identify new opportunities. What else can you do to improve the clients? Either presence of the listing or even advertisement or let's say we want to experiment something new with advertisement for some products of the client. In that case, you know, we also need to keep an eye on how things are going with the experiment. Right. And then based on that, if you feel there are certain things that we should be doing, can also make suggestions regarding that. That is the kind of things that we are looking for. And also of course there is an operational component. So you know, some the day to days and to some extent creating new listings. Sometimes we are talking with the seller support. Are you going to be okay with that by the way?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: You sure about that? Because you know you mentioned that you want to be, you want to explore new things. That's your priority right now. So if we give you some most of the day to day stuff along with let's say you have to talk with the seller support and you probably know how frustrating that is. Will you be okay with that?

Speaker A: Yes. Yeah. Client communication. If you are a pro member, if you are doing the operational part of for an accountant and this client communication. Yes it becomes very sometime irritating because yeah, there should be one person who's only doing that task to me for client communication. People who have such person on the team.

Speaker B: Yeah, we do that.

Speaker A: What happens? What happens that I'm doing? So I'm planning spot some strategy, I'm doing my competitive research and in between the client has come with some out of the box kind of thing queries why it's happening. What I for example I'm doing, I'm planning the ad strategy and someone asking for the listing and shipment creation. So that disturbs the time and also breaks the concentration. It will be good if there should be one person who is doing client application.

Speaker B: Yes, yes, yes, that's right there we will. You don't have to do that part right now. You don't need to directly communicate with the client. For now what you can focus on is the operation and also the strategic implementation of some of the. Some of the stuff. And I think that you are a little bit worried about whether there will be a clear structure, clear role, define role for every person in the company. We will try to do that as much as possible. But then again we're a very small company so you know that may. We may need to. We may have different priorities from time to time. We don't want to deviate Our people from the primary task as much. But then you know, everybody needs to be a bit more flexible too in this company. Is that fine?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. All right. So that is it. Pooja, from my side. I'll just send you the assessment after our call. Okay. Do you want to ask something else before you go?

Speaker A: Does your company provides part time portions?

Speaker B: Why is that?

Speaker A: No, no.

Speaker B: I mean I'm asking. Why are you asking?

Speaker A: Yeah, in case I didn't able to join as a full time employee. So does it say in the initial basis. I'm saying if I get fit for the company then continue as a full time.

Speaker B: So are you okay? Is that because you're thinking that based on what I just said it may not be a good fit for you or what you want?

Speaker A: No, it's. At least it will quality test for you, for your company. In view of your company asking if I need to come stand by on the expectation. That's why. So I think assessment will work. Let's do the assessment part. If you find that whatever expectations you're having.

Speaker B: No, I do need someone full time. And you know what it's. It's like or in the beginning probably the workload will not be that much because we need to figure out how we'll transfer responsibilities. And also you know, making you a part of the team, that may take a while. So in the beginning you may feel like, oh, I don't have too much responsibility. But eventually we'll. I mean there will be an onboarding process. Maybe after a month you will see I have plenty of things to do. So I do think that we need a full time person. Having a full time person also, you know, ensures. Since you for example, you are someone who is very much interested in learning new things. That means you are kind of dedicated to this. Right? And we need that. We need that person who will be dedicated to learning who is really interested and curious to learn new things. We need that person in the team.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: All right. Pooja, thank you so much for taking the time. I'll follow up with the assessment in the chat. Sounds good. All right, take care. Yeah. Bye now.

