Transcript for: Recording__945.mp4
Title: Recording #945
============================================================

Just say like there's a five step process and in the next couple of pages I will walk you through the process. Right. So there's a five step process. I will walk you through the process. So you don't explain this chart at all? No. Yeah, so it's like, hi, you know, there's an agenda. I'm excited to talk to you about Amazon. There's an agenda that will kind of profile a little bit how I go about it with my clients. A little bit about me. I'm an expert in growing Amazon for six years now. I have a master's of engineering. But really my passion has been working to grow Amazon. I've worked at Nutrilab, then I founded this company in 2021 and I have someone, Valeri, who's been on my side from day one. And I also have another team member. So I'm a small, nimble, high value team of three. And we're well set to help clients like yourself. Okay, so we, on that note, we work with food and beverage, dietary supplement, personal cares. I've had over 50 clients. Where's the 50? 50 is on the next slide. Next slide. Okay, where? Okay. Yeah, so we work with. So you know, you kind of flow from this, you know it verbally you say, and therefore we're a perfect fit for clients like yourself. Right. You talk to the audience. So this last sentence is small, nimble and therefore perfect fit for, for the, the folks on the call. On that note, you know, we work with food and beverage, dietary supplement and personal care items. In fact, all my 50 clients are CPG supplements. Right. So you kind of have to rehearse. So I did these three sent pages in like one minute. Yeah. So if you're not that fast, I'm going to be interrupting you. So you have to kind of go, right, like just write it, rehearse it. Here is the process. Like all agencies go through a similar process. I'm going to walk you through in the next page. So we're not going to spend time on this page. Okay, Step one. It all starts with a proper audit. And there's a lot of different ways to do audits and a lot of different things to look at. We'll have to look at your product performance and conversion rates. We have to look at cost and profitability and we have to look at how we would camp once you're up and running, how your ads are performing here and here. And then the last thing to look at is the content. Okay, so you have five pages on the audit. So you kind of have to rehearse what you're going to say. So. So the audit is going to have a deep dive on a lot of things and all agencies can do it a little bit different, but essentially want to look at both the brand level, the SKU level, your ad performance, your ad performance again, and then your content, because it's all connected. Wouldn't the content go first? Why don't the con. Why don't we put page 12, like here, like between 9 and 10? Sure, we can do that. Yeah. We should put content before ads. Right? Like you get the app, the content. Right. Then you do the ads. You don't do ads if your content's not right. Then once the audit has been done, we kind of go through the strategy. Let's first talk about FBA versus fbm. The majority of all the Amazon. The brands want to be on fba. So I'm not going to spend a lot of time on FBM and one piece. But most of this presentation is about fba. Regarding the pricing, it's really that fine line. Amazon is very sensitive. If you go too high, you won't sell. If you go too low, you're not going to make profits. So you really got to nail the right balance because there's a lot of Amazon fees. Okay, so then I recommend the strategy to go with. And these two parts are really important to determine how well you're going to do once you get to actually getting the content up. First and foremost, it's all about the audience and understanding where is your audience, how they use their brand, your brand and how to relate to them with their pain points, what they like, what they dislike, what they like. In terms of your ingredients, that's all very important. And then the mo. One of the most important things I do with my clients, once we're clear on all this, is to agree to the talking points. The talking points is pretty much the flow of all the conversation that's going to happen on your brand. And this needs to be agreed to because then this kind of pans out to the rest of the marketing mix on Amazon. So, for example, here the benefit and. And talking points can be like Susie's, like Susie's positioning. Right? Like I call it positioning. You talk, you call it talking points. But this is what I like. I refer as positioning in the order of priority. Right. I mean, I didn't want to say positioning because it's kind of not that detailed. Yeah, but you can say, you know, you can link it, you can. It's not that detailed because it's talking points. But you can say, we'll put it down here. Suzy calls this key messages in order of priority. So you can link it back to the words I use with them, like, so they connect the dots. Like your talking points are your key messages and they're really, really important. And you gotta agree to the, to the. With the client about that because it flows from there. Then there's a whole SEO strategy. So what. How would you explain SEO? So give me like a little bit of a verbal how. You have to. First of all. Yeah, we have to first of all understand how products similar to yours, the best seller, competitors, rank. And if we understand which keywords they rank for and if they're relevant for us, we also want to incorporate or sprinkle in those keywords in our content so that when people search with those keywords, our product also shows up in the search result. Okay, and how you do that? Do you have a ch. Like, I've usually seen a chart with SEO. There's like a. Columns and rows of key ranking. Do you have that anywhere or is that the. I don't have it here. Do I need to show something? Maybe put the key rank, the SEO keywords chart here. If you do a chart. But I've often seen that. Can you show me an example? What kind of chart? The. Let's see. I have chat GPT, so. Oh, where's my chat GPT? I had to reboot. So maybe it's. You have created a custom GPT. Yeah, Like, I. I'm sure I'm not making the best use of it, but this would be like an example for this client for three farmers. Right? It has the keyword, it has a search volume, it has a difficult. Our current rank traffic potential. Got it, got it. Okay, there's apps. What app? How do you. Okay, so just put that in there. Right? So just. So put a screenshot here off the. You know, put a screenshot and put the name of the app. Because those are things that people remember. Like, hey, there's. There's a tool. Sorry, the name of the tool. There's a tool I use. And here's a screenshot of it. Okay. By the way, you know, the US now has Rufus, and if you go second, you know, don't spend a lot of time on Rufus, and then say, also Cosmo, which is experimental, so we don't need to get into those details. But you should just know that I know how to use these things. And they're, you know, and, and they're out there like it's constantly evolving and changing. Now let's get into the really important step four, which is to drive traffic. So you want to spend 8 to 50% of your revenue on traffic at minimum. And that's why the analysis up front is really important to see if you can be profitable if you're sending 50%. Here's an example of the video ad. So if you click on this, will it work? Okay. Sometimes you have to go in presentation mode though. Okay, now perfect. Okay. Okay. So now do video ads perform better or not? In many cases they do, yes, they're cost effective but also they don't help ranking. So I mean there's a trade off. They don't help ranking. I mean organic ranking, they help you get the sales and build awareness but not good for keyword ranking. Ah, okay, so just high level, right? Just keep it simple for the audience. They perform best for revenue but not for keywords. So you can say here perform videos usually perform best for revenue roas but not for key word ranking. And it's all kind of connected. So you just, you don't want to say much more than what's on the pages. So here, let's give yourself space a little bit. And this is super important. We have to allocate a budget and we kind of have to really learn together about lifetime value retention and repeat purchases. So these are the type of charts that, you know, I would, I would, I keep track on and present and review. At the end of the day it comes down to traffic, traffic, traffic. So if you're able to bring in traffic because you have like a huge social following or influencers and other programs or you're paying for traffic on other mediums, like would like meta traffic would work, right? Meta traffic or Google. Yeah. So if you're paying for traffic on other mediums or you have, you know, like traffic from influencers and just like organic like I know it's like it's chicken and the egg, but at the end of the day the more traffic you can bring, the more you're going to reduce your costs of ads. But not all brands can do that. And William, who may be dialing in, he didn't do any of this, right? He just paid for ads on Amazon 50%. Oh well I also don't do. I have noticed that. I have written that down too. We don't provide these DevOps services, we just connect with those sources. So we can. Of course, yeah. By the way, the other guy, he does tik tok so he May have an advantage on this one. Well, who knows, right? Like, I don't know if he's good at it. So people who do like Amazon agencies who also do, you know, TikTok creative that I don't know, that doesn't like, who knows? Those are two different things. Step five is ongoing optimization testing, scorecard. So here you say, hey, the client gets, you know, I have weekly or bi weekly scorecard reviews with the client. And we kind of track everything so we get a really good feel for how you're doing results. So that's kind of the five step process. Now let me show you real results of real clients. Clients. Okay, so client one. And then just make sure you say whatever you know, short sentence. Client two, client two, short sentence, client three, short sentence. Now let's talk about some best practices that apply to. Okay, so okay, here you're missing best practices. Yeah, I have to work on that one actually. Yeah, so this, you can even delete that. Yeah, yeah, let's put that at the, at the end. Okay, so you have to have best practices. Then you have a little bit, you know, I have to add a thank you page too and contact me page actually. Yeah, and then you need your thank you page. Whoops. Okay, so what you want to do. So this page is pretty important best practices. So why don't we move this first just so you, before you get into your details, maybe after the client here. So you warm up with the easy stuff because you know about the clients and then go into the best practices. Kind of say, like, you know, before we get into my process and, and all of the scorecards, there's a couple of things to note. So like, you know why, like answer the stuff here. Let's just do a draft of it. So you know CPG brands on Amazon. So you want to say a few things. Like, is it a good idea to go on Amazon? Right, like these guys just want the high level stuff. Like what are some kind of over, like overall, like overall kind of best practices. So one would be, I don't know, what font, what font is this? That's Calibri. Okay, Calibri what body? Okay, let's go a little bit smaller. So there's practices of CPG brands on Amazon. There's best practices FBA versus fbm. There's practices of ads, video versus stills, whatever they're called. There's practices of like, what about the store? Is that important to have a store? Yeah, of course. So your, your listings, like, what's that called? Your listings. But like Your listings, like copy. What's it called? Like. Oh, yeah, yeah. Listing creatives are content. Content. Yeah, content listings content. The store and then the advert. Like then we'll go in order. Then there's ad spend and ads. Okay, so this is kind of an executive summary, like the key, key things. Let's see what this other guy said. So if you want to go like CPG brands on Amazon can perform really well, right? Can, you know, can perform and be profitable like they can now. What about Canada versus Canada versus the U.S. what's your advice? Okay, those are the things that they want to know. Yeah, like high level. Like before you get into the weeds. So you know, the reason we have a session is because CPG brands can do well and be profitable. William is an example, but he's not the exception. Like you can do well on Amazon. There's a few things to know. You know, it's on fba, not FBM because. And we'll get into it later. But you know, fba, you pay the same fees because FBM is svm. With FBM you ship but pay same fees. So that's kind of dumb. We might wind up. I didn't know that because we love good fats. We had about 50, 50 split between the two of them. Things might change. Yeah. Canada versus the US what's your take on Canada versus the US? Well, US is of course more competitive. And if you want to go in to that US market, you definite more budget and you need to have that budget for the longer run. So be prepared for that. Listing content is super important. Right. Storefront is. It can be for awareness or to even drive loyalty. It can be super important. And even to increase average order value, generally the storefront leads to purchasing more products at the same time. So average order value is more, better, higher. It. Basically you just kind of say high level and try not to let like I'm not going to let people ask questions here. Like, just like. Because you're covering a lot of this in your deck. So you don't want to go through this now. But you just kind of say like, as I present through, you'll see some overall best practices that kind of come back so that, that we're gonna cover. So here's a little bit about me and my clients before we get into the details of my process. There's some high level best practices that I've learned over the years. Try to put a picture here. You have nice pictures from your other decks. So put a picture here. Whatever picture. Like, like your Your original deck had nice pictures. So just like one of these, copy one of these. Sure. So there's some best practices that overall CPG brands should be on Amazon. They can perform and be profitable. But you can also, you know, lose money if, if you're not putting, putting the best practices. So it's important to, to, to know how to win on Amazon. FBA versus fbm. You know, I, I mostly only do fba. Fbm. You, you'll pay for the shipping, you'll have to ship it and you'll pay the same fees to Amazon. So there's not really an advantage. Canada versus the US Start in Canada. US is more competitive, more revenue, but it will cost you more money. Your content is really, really key to drive revenue. And we'll talk about that. Your store is key too. Your ad spend has to be 8 to 50% and your, your ads, videos. And we'll talk about videos versus stills. But videos perform really well. This is my process. There's five step process. We're not going to go through it on this page because I have some details to walk you through. This is an example of. This is an example of. This is an example of. This is an example of. This is an example of. Right. So you have a lot of examples. So you just want to say that these are just, you don't want to get into the weeds and people start looking at the numbers like that's not what you want to do at all. At all. At all. Okay. Okay, so let's make sure we get the numbers here. I'll fix that. It's fine. It just takes two minutes. Okay, so what I would do is just add the two pictures that are missing and then rehearse and time yourself. Like you can't be like 30 minutes. You have to be. And you have to kind of know what keywords to say. The reason I move the best practices up front is that makes you look objective. Right. Like you're an Amazon expert sharing some expertise. Oh, and by the way, here's my pitch deck. So in your pitch deck you don't go into the details and then the, like you just say this is an example of. This is an example of. And then let's see how like with the questions, like some questions might be way too like detailed and you know, you only really have 20, 20 minutes. So just write down or all jump in, write down kind of a sentence that says, you know that something like, you know the answer to that depends on quite a few variables. We can take it offline like we can talk offline. We can talk offline. Do you say, yeah. And then wait, do you have an audit? Do you pay for just an audit? Do you charge for just an audit? I generally don't. Should I? Oh, okay, so you need to do that. So do have an audit. So here I'm going to resend you this. So like you should pay because people could just pay you for an audit. So. Because that's how a lot of like I get emails all the time and they say, we'll do a free audit, we'll do a free audit. You don't need to do it free. So just say, you know, I'll do an audit. If you're not sure, I'll do an audit if you want, like I can just do an audit. So how much would you charge for an audit? Depends on what I would include on in that one. Detailed one. Maybe. How about 250s? Yeah. So just say 250 to 500, depending what it is. Right. So like it, it kind of goes, you know, client by client. But like just say it's 250 to 500 depending on the depth of the artist. Like how you know, how deep do they want to go on the audit? And then you know that you can also some clients like you might want it when they reach out to you. You might just want to do a mini, like this is an audit that you share with them. But if you're trying to win a client, you know that you'll kind of go like with Three Farmers, you'll go in and spend an hour and come back with some bullet points. That's not called an audit, that's just called, you know, you're, you're showing that you're smart to win the business. That's exactly what I do for now. Yeah. But you can say like some clients are a pain in the butt. Like don't do free audience for like say, you know, I can do like, I think the way you should position it is like you should charge for an audit. Because if not all these people are going to want free audits. Like you, you never give stuff away for free if, because then you get people like, and our founders is free. So I'm not listening to my own advice. But you'll, you won't get as engaged parties. So you should only really do like a free audit, which we don't even call an audit. But like if I'm introducing you to two or three big clients, then yeah, right, you should like three farmers. I did 10 hours of work for them before they hired me. 10 hours. Wow. Okay. Yeah. And you know, you know, I gave you my discounted hourly rate, so 10 hours I did. Right. But then that I was pretty sure they were going to hire me. I wasn't 100% sure. Other clients like Ellie, Bianca, I wind up charging her for every hour because she's a pain in the ass client. Like, and they want all this free advice and it's like, no, like I, you know, hire me for a business review, hire me for an audit. So use your judgment. But I wouldn't, I wouldn't say you get free audits. I would just say, you know, contact me and I can look at your business. We can have a short call. You can say like, you know, a 30 minute call, there's no cost. Okay, Right. You can say like a 30 when you get to this page. If you're not over time, you can say like, hey, I'll jump on a 30 minute call and there's no cost and I'll kind of take a look and we'll talk through what I see. If you, if you like what you hear, then I'll give you an audit, right? Like 250 or $500. I'll give you a formal audit. You'll get a report and then you can decide, right? So it's like baby steps. Like it's with all the digital apps on TikTok or, or LinkedIn or Instagram. Like, oh, you don't want to buy the two thousand dollar package. Buy the 79.99 PDF, right? Like it's all the same thing. You kind of start like it can, like you'll get a, you know, a no, I don't even want to say free, but a no cost, you know, call and you'll, for half an hour and which, when you get bigger, you can cancel and stop doing, but you have that. And then we'll kind of see if you like what you're hearing. I'll, I'll do a quick audit and this is the, like this is the output you would get for the audit. Then you know, we can get going. I can list your content. And then of course, like these two like go hand in hand, right? Like it's really dumb for a client to hire you to list but not manage the ads. That's kind of dumb. But you know, there is, there are some, some bad, kind of frugal clients on the cpg. So before you accept any one of them, like this woman Michelle, like, like there's some bad ones like, they'll literally take three hours of your time. And they don't get it. They don't understand this and that. They're never going to want to pay anything. So I don't want you wasting time with those people. And that's part of, you know, when you reach out to me, you said, like, hey, I want to have bigger clients. So unfortunately, with this group, there's some kind of cheesy, small clients you have to be careful with. Got it. Okay. Okay. And then, you know, so. But you know, you have a good. You have a good presentation. All I would say now is add the two pictures or whatever is missing and rehearse. Rehearse. And then I'm meeting three farmers all day Tuesday and Wednesday. I don't know who's doing their Amazon, but their Shopify is. Their website's awful, awful, awful. Do you have a. Do you have an expert for Shopify? No. For Shopify? Okay. No. Anyone's too good for that. I mean, who is really good for that? Yeah, like, look, like, this is crazy. Like, their best seller is the Snacks to Go, the kit, the variety pack. And, you know, this is like 0.5% of their business, and it's not even a priority. And it shows up first. Then you go up to shop all like, this is like. I don't even know what this is. Toppers. It's like 0.2% priority, not a priority. Then fava is a high priority, but their snacks to go is buried. And then they have these ugly boxes, and they really should have one SKU. This one SKU on Amazon is, I think, 80% of their sales. The one SKU on Amazon, Canada, and the US one skew. So their website's a mess. So if you know of anyone in Shopify, just let me know. Okay. I got. I can ask for suggestions. Yeah, ask. Yeah, yeah, Ask around. So let's see how it goes. Rehearse, rehearse. Because I'm gonna. I'm gonna be accelerating you, and then you'll get all nervous if I start. Like. Like, I. We'll have a timer and I'll start accelerating you. So you don't want. No, yeah, sure. Resend me the final deck. Do you want me to share it or do you want to share it? I will share it. Okay, perfect. Okay. By the way, Susie, before you go. So it's like, do you want me to drop a calendar link there in the. In the chat, or will they reach out to me on via email? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So in I Don't know if in the past we haven't had success that people can access the chat. Okay so okay, drop me, I'm emailing everyone at 3pm okay, that's a good call out. Wait, wait. So I'm emailing everyone at 3pm okay, this is the whole email list. So what email do we use for you again? It's Showham RPG Edge. How about I just paste it in the chat and then drop me? Whatever you want me to put in the email too. I'll put, I'll put it in the email. The calendar link. Okay. Yeah, so I'll send you the email and the calendar link in the chat. How about that? Yeah, not everybody, not everybody likes the calendar link. So do drop me your website. Where's your website? It's cpgh.com okay. Not really. Well done. We need to do that one too. Hey, we need to do that one too because we are doing the peach take now. Pardon? Pardon? We need to do that too. Website too. Yeah. Yes, I know for us, you and I. Right, Yeah I know we're just on. Okay, but so you'll give me the calendar, the link here? Sure, yeah. Okay I'll send it to you on. No, I need to take a look at the link and then I'll send it to you. But not. Some people don't like you have to be careful. We'll put the, I'll put it in, I'll put it in the email because then they'll have it handy. But you need to be selfish, right? Like you don't want like 25 people using a half hour free meeting. True. So but there's a whole like I, I've been looking for website services so I got bombarded from every single B2B client you can imagine. So I'm learning a lot. There's some that you know immediately get the calendar link and you get a call. That's the GoDaddy team is phenomenal and they're cheaper than all the India teams so. Oh do you know like I, I, I got like six quotes to do my websites. Do you have anyone to recommend or. Not really. Well I worked with somebody for my website. Check it out. See the style. If you, if it is something that you like I can connect you with those people. People. What kind of websites does she do? WordPress or Shopify or both. Mine was on WordPress. I don't know what else she does. Okay. I mean they're a company in India Agency basically. Yeah but like the like introduce me. I'm basically going to give somebody money by Friday. So just send an email and say Suzy is looking at two websites, WordPress or Shopify. She'll brief you and then I'll brief. All right. All right. Okay. So do you want me to send you an email, both of you an email or. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. All right. Sounds good. So just to you're going to rehearse, you'll keep it to 20 minutes, you'll send me your calendar link. And I'm sending an email at 3 to everybody. So I'm going to have this in this in the signature. So soham.rpedge.com Right. CPGEdge.com Yes. Okay, perfect. Okay, That'll be fun. Talk soon. All right. Thank you so much. Bye. Now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Just say like there's a five step process and in the next couple of pages I will walk you through the process. Right. So there's a five step process. I will walk you through the process. So you don't explain this chart at all?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: Yeah, so it's like, hi, you know, there's an agenda. I'm excited to talk to you about Amazon. There's an agenda that will kind of profile a little bit how I go about it with my clients. A little bit about me. I'm an expert in growing Amazon for six years now. I have a master's of engineering. But really my passion has been working to grow Amazon. I've worked at Nutrilab, then I founded this company in 2021 and I have someone, Valeri, who's been on my side from day one. And I also have another team member. So I'm a small, nimble, high value team of three. And we're well set to help clients like yourself. Okay, so we, on that note, we work with food and beverage, dietary supplement, personal cares. I've had over 50 clients. Where's the 50?

Speaker B: 50 is on the next slide. Next slide.

Speaker A: Okay, where? Okay. Yeah, so we work with. So you know, you kind of flow from this, you know it verbally you say, and therefore we're a perfect fit for clients like yourself. Right. You talk to the audience. So this last sentence is small, nimble and therefore perfect fit for, for the, the folks on the call. On that note, you know, we work with food and beverage, dietary supplement and personal care items. In fact, all my 50 clients are CPG supplements. Right. So you kind of have to rehearse. So I did these three sent pages in like one minute. Yeah. So if you're not that fast, I'm going to be interrupting you. So you have to kind of go, right, like just write it, rehearse it. Here is the process. Like all agencies go through a similar process. I'm going to walk you through in the next page. So we're not going to spend time on this page. Okay, Step one. It all starts with a proper audit. And there's a lot of different ways to do audits and a lot of different things to look at. We'll have to look at your product performance and conversion rates. We have to look at cost and profitability and we have to look at how we would camp once you're up and running, how your ads are performing here and here. And then the last thing to look at is the content. Okay, so you have five pages on the audit. So you kind of have to rehearse what you're going to say. So. So the audit is going to have a deep dive on a lot of things and all agencies can do it a little bit different, but essentially want to look at both the brand level, the SKU level, your ad performance, your ad performance again, and then your content, because it's all connected. Wouldn't the content go first? Why don't the con. Why don't we put page 12, like here, like between 9 and 10?

Speaker B: Sure, we can do that.

Speaker A: Yeah. We should put content before ads. Right? Like you get the app, the content. Right. Then you do the ads. You don't do ads if your content's not right. Then once the audit has been done, we kind of go through the strategy. Let's first talk about FBA versus fbm. The majority of all the Amazon. The brands want to be on fba. So I'm not going to spend a lot of time on FBM and one piece. But most of this presentation is about fba. Regarding the pricing, it's really that fine line. Amazon is very sensitive. If you go too high, you won't sell. If you go too low, you're not going to make profits. So you really got to nail the right balance because there's a lot of Amazon fees. Okay, so then I recommend the strategy to go with. And these two parts are really important to determine how well you're going to do once you get to actually getting the content up. First and foremost, it's all about the audience and understanding where is your audience, how they use their brand, your brand and how to relate to them with their pain points, what they like, what they dislike, what they like. In terms of your ingredients, that's all very important. And then the mo. One of the most important things I do with my clients, once we're clear on all this, is to agree to the talking points. The talking points is pretty much the flow of all the conversation that's going to happen on your brand. And this needs to be agreed to because then this kind of pans out to the rest of the marketing mix on Amazon. So, for example, here the benefit and. And talking points can be like Susie's, like Susie's positioning. Right? Like I call it positioning. You talk, you call it talking points. But this is what I like. I refer as positioning in the order of priority.

Speaker B: Right. I mean, I didn't want to say positioning because it's kind of not that detailed.

Speaker A: Yeah, but you can say, you know, you can link it, you can. It's not that detailed because it's talking points. But you can say, we'll put it down here. Suzy calls this key messages in order of priority. So you can link it back to the words I use with them, like, so they connect the dots. Like your talking points are your key messages and they're really, really important. And you gotta agree to the, to the. With the client about that because it flows from there. Then there's a whole SEO strategy. So what. How would you explain SEO? So give me like a little bit of a verbal how.

Speaker B: You have to. First of all. Yeah, we have to first of all understand how products similar to yours, the best seller, competitors, rank. And if we understand which keywords they rank for and if they're relevant for us, we also want to incorporate or sprinkle in those keywords in our content so that when people search with those keywords, our product also shows up in the search result.

Speaker A: Okay, and how you do that? Do you have a ch. Like, I've usually seen a chart with SEO. There's like a. Columns and rows of key ranking. Do you have that anywhere or is that the.

Speaker B: I don't have it here. Do I need to show something?

Speaker A: Maybe put the key rank, the SEO keywords chart here. If you do a chart. But I've often seen that.

Speaker B: Can you show me an example? What kind of chart?

Speaker A: The. Let's see. I have chat GPT, so. Oh, where's my chat GPT? I had to reboot. So maybe it's.

Speaker B: You have created a custom GPT.

Speaker A: Yeah, Like, I. I'm sure I'm not making the best use of it, but this would be like an example for this client for three farmers. Right? It has the keyword, it has a search volume, it has a difficult. Our current rank traffic potential.

Speaker B: Got it, got it.

Speaker A: Okay, there's apps. What app? How do you. Okay, so just put that in there. Right? So just. So put a screenshot here off the. You know, put a screenshot and put the name of the app. Because those are things that people remember. Like, hey, there's. There's a tool. Sorry, the name of the tool. There's a tool I use. And here's a screenshot of it. Okay. By the way, you know, the US now has Rufus, and if you go second, you know, don't spend a lot of time on Rufus, and then say, also Cosmo, which is experimental, so we don't need to get into those details. But you should just know that I know how to use these things. And they're, you know, and, and they're out there like it's constantly evolving and changing. Now let's get into the really important step four, which is to drive traffic. So you want to spend 8 to 50% of your revenue on traffic at minimum. And that's why the analysis up front is really important to see if you can be profitable if you're sending 50%. Here's an example of the video ad. So if you click on this, will it work? Okay. Sometimes you have to go in presentation mode though. Okay, now perfect. Okay. Okay. So now do video ads perform better or not?

Speaker B: In many cases they do, yes, they're cost effective but also they don't help ranking. So I mean there's a trade off. They don't help ranking. I mean organic ranking, they help you get the sales and build awareness but not good for keyword ranking.

Speaker A: Ah, okay, so just high level, right? Just keep it simple for the audience. They perform best for revenue but not for keywords. So you can say here perform videos usually perform best for revenue roas but not for key word ranking. And it's all kind of connected. So you just, you don't want to say much more than what's on the pages. So here, let's give yourself space a little bit. And this is super important. We have to allocate a budget and we kind of have to really learn together about lifetime value retention and repeat purchases. So these are the type of charts that, you know, I would, I would, I keep track on and present and review. At the end of the day it comes down to traffic, traffic, traffic. So if you're able to bring in traffic because you have like a huge social following or influencers and other programs or you're paying for traffic on other mediums, like would like meta traffic would work, right? Meta traffic or Google.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So if you're paying for traffic on other mediums or you have, you know, like traffic from influencers and just like organic like I know it's like it's chicken and the egg, but at the end of the day the more traffic you can bring, the more you're going to reduce your costs of ads. But not all brands can do that. And William, who may be dialing in, he didn't do any of this, right? He just paid for ads on Amazon 50%.

Speaker B: Oh well I also don't do. I have noticed that. I have written that down too. We don't provide these DevOps services, we just connect with those sources. So we can.

Speaker A: Of course, yeah.

Speaker B: By the way, the other guy, he does tik tok so he May have an advantage on this one.

Speaker A: Well, who knows, right? Like, I don't know if he's good at it. So people who do like Amazon agencies who also do, you know, TikTok creative that I don't know, that doesn't like, who knows? Those are two different things. Step five is ongoing optimization testing, scorecard. So here you say, hey, the client gets, you know, I have weekly or bi weekly scorecard reviews with the client. And we kind of track everything so we get a really good feel for how you're doing results. So that's kind of the five step process. Now let me show you real results of real clients. Clients. Okay, so client one. And then just make sure you say whatever you know, short sentence. Client two, client two, short sentence, client three, short sentence. Now let's talk about some best practices that apply to. Okay, so okay, here you're missing best practices.

Speaker B: Yeah, I have to work on that one actually.

Speaker A: Yeah, so this,

Speaker B: you can even delete that.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, let's put that at the, at the end. Okay, so you have to have best practices. Then you have a little bit, you know,

Speaker B: I have to add a thank you page too and contact me page actually.

Speaker A: Yeah, and then you need your thank you page. Whoops. Okay, so what you want to do. So this page is pretty important best practices. So why don't we move this first just so you, before you get into your details, maybe after the client here. So you warm up with the easy stuff because you know about the clients and then go into the best practices. Kind of say, like, you know, before we get into my process and, and all of the scorecards, there's a couple of things to note. So like, you know why, like answer the stuff here. Let's just do a draft of it. So you know CPG brands on Amazon. So you want to say a few things. Like, is it a good idea to go on Amazon? Right, like these guys just want the high level stuff. Like what are some kind of over, like overall, like overall kind of best practices. So one would be, I don't know, what font, what font is this?

Speaker B: That's Calibri.

Speaker A: Okay, Calibri what body? Okay, let's go a little bit smaller. So there's practices of CPG brands on Amazon. There's best practices FBA versus fbm. There's practices of ads, video versus stills, whatever they're called. There's practices of like, what about the store? Is that important to have a store? Yeah, of course. So your, your listings, like, what's that called? Your listings. But like Your listings, like copy. What's it called? Like.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah, yeah. Listing creatives are content. Content.

Speaker A: Yeah, content listings content. The store and then the advert. Like then we'll go in order. Then there's ad spend and ads. Okay, so this is kind of an executive summary, like the key, key things. Let's see what this other guy said. So if you want to go like CPG brands on Amazon can perform really well, right? Can, you know, can perform and be profitable like they can now. What about Canada versus Canada versus the U.S. what's your advice?

Speaker B: Okay, those are the things that they want to know.

Speaker A: Yeah, like high level. Like before you get into the weeds. So you know, the reason we have a session is because CPG brands can do well and be profitable. William is an example, but he's not the exception. Like you can do well on Amazon. There's a few things to know. You know, it's on fba, not FBM because. And we'll get into it later. But you know, fba, you pay the same fees because FBM is svm. With FBM you ship but pay same fees. So that's kind of dumb. We might wind up. I didn't know that because we love good fats. We had about 50, 50 split between the two of them. Things might change. Yeah. Canada versus the US what's your take on Canada versus the US?

Speaker B: Well, US is of course more competitive. And if you want to go in to that US market, you definite more budget and you need to have that budget for the longer run. So be prepared for that.

Speaker A: Listing content is super important. Right.

Speaker B: Storefront is. It can be for awareness or to even drive loyalty. It can be super important. And even to increase average order value, generally the storefront leads to purchasing more products at the same time. So average order value is more, better, higher.

Speaker A: It. Basically you just kind of say high level and try not to let like I'm not going to let people ask questions here. Like, just like. Because you're covering a lot of this in your deck. So you don't want to go through this now. But you just kind of say like, as I present through, you'll see some overall best practices that kind of come back so that, that we're gonna cover. So here's a little bit about me and my clients before we get into the details of my process. There's some high level best practices that I've learned over the years. Try to put a picture here. You have nice pictures from your other decks. So put a picture here. Whatever picture. Like, like your Your original deck had nice pictures. So just like one of these, copy one of these.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: So there's some best practices that overall CPG brands should be on Amazon. They can perform and be profitable. But you can also, you know, lose money if, if you're not putting, putting the best practices. So it's important to, to, to know how to win on Amazon. FBA versus fbm. You know, I, I mostly only do fba. Fbm. You, you'll pay for the shipping, you'll have to ship it and you'll pay the same fees to Amazon. So there's not really an advantage. Canada versus the US Start in Canada. US is more competitive, more revenue, but it will cost you more money. Your content is really, really key to drive revenue. And we'll talk about that. Your store is key too. Your ad spend has to be 8 to 50% and your, your ads, videos. And we'll talk about videos versus stills. But videos perform really well. This is my process. There's five step process. We're not going to go through it on this page because I have some details to walk you through. This is an example of. This is an example of. This is an example of. This is an example of. This is an example of. Right. So you have a lot of examples. So you just want to say that these are just, you don't want to get into the weeds and people start looking at the numbers like that's not what you want to do at all. At all. At all.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay, so let's make sure we get the numbers here.

Speaker B: I'll fix that. It's fine.

Speaker A: It just takes two minutes. Okay, so what I would do is just add the two pictures that are missing and then rehearse and time yourself. Like you can't be like 30 minutes. You have to be. And you have to kind of know what keywords to say. The reason I move the best practices up front is that makes you look objective. Right. Like you're an Amazon expert sharing some expertise. Oh, and by the way, here's my pitch deck. So in your pitch deck you don't go into the details and then the, like you just say this is an example of. This is an example of. And then let's see how like with the questions, like some questions might be way too like detailed and you know, you only really have 20, 20 minutes. So just write down or all jump in, write down kind of a sentence that says, you know that something like, you know the answer to that depends on quite a few variables. We can take it offline like we can talk offline. We can talk offline. Do you say, yeah. And then wait, do you have an audit? Do you pay for just an audit? Do you charge for just an audit?

Speaker B: I generally don't. Should I?

Speaker A: Oh, okay, so you need to do that. So do have an audit. So here I'm going to resend you this. So like you should pay because people could just pay you for an audit. So. Because that's how a lot of like I get emails all the time and they say, we'll do a free audit, we'll do a free audit. You don't need to do it free. So just say, you know, I'll do an audit. If you're not sure, I'll do an audit if you want, like I can just do an audit. So how much would you charge for an audit?

Speaker B: Depends on what I would include on in that one. Detailed one. Maybe. How about 250s?

Speaker A: Yeah. So just say 250 to 500, depending what it is. Right. So like it, it kind of goes, you know, client by client. But like just say it's 250 to 500 depending on the depth of the artist. Like how you know, how deep do they want to go on the audit? And then you know that you can also some clients like you might want it when they reach out to you. You might just want to do a mini, like this is an audit that you share with them. But if you're trying to win a client, you know that you'll kind of go like with Three Farmers, you'll go in and spend an hour and come back with some bullet points. That's not called an audit, that's just called, you know, you're, you're showing that you're smart to win the business.

Speaker B: That's exactly what I do for now.

Speaker A: Yeah. But you can say like some clients are a pain in the butt. Like don't do free audience for like say, you know, I can do like, I think the way you should position it is like you should charge for an audit. Because if not all these people are going to want free audits. Like you, you never give stuff away for free if, because then you get people like, and our founders is free. So I'm not listening to my own advice. But you'll, you won't get as engaged parties. So you should only really do like a free audit, which we don't even call an audit. But like if I'm introducing you to two or three big clients, then yeah, right, you should like three farmers. I did 10 hours of work for them before they hired me. 10 hours.

Speaker B: Wow. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. And you know, you know, I gave you my discounted hourly rate, so 10 hours I did. Right. But then that I was pretty sure they were going to hire me. I wasn't 100% sure. Other clients like Ellie, Bianca, I wind up charging her for every hour because she's a pain in the ass client. Like, and they want all this free advice and it's like, no, like I, you know, hire me for a business review, hire me for an audit. So use your judgment. But I wouldn't, I wouldn't say you get free audits. I would just say, you know, contact me and I can look at your business. We can have a short call. You can say like, you know, a 30 minute call, there's no cost. Okay, Right. You can say like a 30 when you get to this page. If you're not over time, you can say like, hey, I'll jump on a 30 minute call and there's no cost and I'll kind of take a look and we'll talk through what I see. If you, if you like what you hear, then I'll give you an audit, right? Like 250 or $500. I'll give you a formal audit. You'll get a report and then you can decide, right? So it's like baby steps. Like it's with all the digital apps on TikTok or, or LinkedIn or Instagram. Like, oh, you don't want to buy the two thousand dollar package. Buy the 79.99 PDF, right? Like it's all the same thing. You kind of start like it can, like you'll get a, you know, a no, I don't even want to say free, but a no cost, you know, call and you'll, for half an hour and which, when you get bigger, you can cancel and stop doing, but you have that. And then we'll kind of see if you like what you're hearing. I'll, I'll do a quick audit and this is the, like this is the output you would get for the audit. Then you know, we can get going. I can list your content. And then of course, like these two like go hand in hand, right? Like it's really dumb for a client to hire you to list but not manage the ads. That's kind of dumb. But you know, there is, there are some, some bad, kind of frugal clients on the cpg. So before you accept any one of them, like this woman Michelle, like, like there's some bad ones like, they'll literally take three hours of your time. And they don't get it. They don't understand this and that. They're never going to want to pay anything. So I don't want you wasting time with those people. And that's part of, you know, when you reach out to me, you said, like, hey, I want to have bigger clients. So unfortunately, with this group, there's some kind of cheesy, small clients you have to be careful with.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: And then, you know, so. But you know, you have a good. You have a good presentation. All I would say now is add the two pictures or whatever is missing and rehearse. Rehearse. And then I'm meeting three farmers all day Tuesday and Wednesday. I don't know who's doing their Amazon, but their Shopify is. Their website's awful, awful, awful. Do you have a. Do you have an expert for Shopify?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: For Shopify? Okay.

Speaker B: No. Anyone's too good for that. I mean, who is really good for that?

Speaker A: Yeah, like, look, like, this is crazy. Like, their best seller is the Snacks to Go, the kit, the variety pack. And, you know, this is like 0.5% of their business, and it's not even a priority. And it shows up first. Then you go up to shop all like, this is like. I don't even know what this is. Toppers. It's like 0.2% priority, not a priority. Then fava is a high priority, but their snacks to go is buried. And then they have these ugly boxes, and they really should have one SKU. This one SKU on Amazon is, I think, 80% of their sales. The one SKU on Amazon, Canada, and the US one skew. So their website's a mess. So if you know of anyone in Shopify, just let me know. Okay. I got.

Speaker B: I can ask for suggestions.

Speaker A: Yeah, ask. Yeah, yeah, Ask around. So let's see how it goes. Rehearse, rehearse. Because I'm gonna. I'm gonna be accelerating you, and then you'll get all nervous if I start. Like. Like, I. We'll have a timer and I'll start accelerating you. So you don't want.

Speaker B: No, yeah, sure.

Speaker A: Resend me the final deck. Do you want me to share it or do you want to share it?

Speaker B: I will share it.

Speaker A: Okay, perfect. Okay.

Speaker B: By the way, Susie, before you go. So it's like, do you want me to drop a calendar link there in the. In the chat, or will they reach out to me on via email?

Speaker A: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So in I Don't know if in the past we haven't had success that people can access the chat. Okay so okay, drop me, I'm emailing everyone at 3pm okay, that's a good call out. Wait, wait. So I'm emailing everyone at 3pm okay, this is the whole email list. So what email do we use for you again?

Speaker B: It's Showham RPG Edge. How about I just paste it in

Speaker A: the chat and then drop me? Whatever you want me to put in the email too. I'll put, I'll put it in the email.

Speaker B: The calendar link. Okay. Yeah, so I'll send you the email and the calendar link in the chat. How about that?

Speaker A: Yeah, not everybody, not everybody likes the calendar link. So do drop me your website. Where's your website?

Speaker B: It's cpgh.com okay. Not really. Well done. We need to do that one too. Hey, we need to do that one too because we are doing the peach take now. Pardon?

Speaker A: Pardon?

Speaker B: We need to do that too. Website too.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yes, I know for us, you and I. Right, Yeah I know we're just on. Okay, but so you'll give me the calendar, the link here?

Speaker B: Sure, yeah. Okay I'll send it to you on. No, I need to take a look at the link and then I'll send it to you.

Speaker A: But not. Some people don't like you have to be careful. We'll put the, I'll put it in, I'll put it in the email because then they'll have it handy. But you need to be selfish, right? Like you don't want like 25 people using a half hour free meeting.

Speaker B: True.

Speaker A: So but there's a whole like I, I've been looking for website services so I got bombarded from every single B2B client you can imagine. So I'm learning a lot. There's some that you know immediately get the calendar link and you get a call. That's the GoDaddy team is phenomenal and they're cheaper than all the India teams so. Oh do you know like I, I, I got like six quotes to do my websites. Do you have anyone to recommend or. Not really.

Speaker B: Well I worked with somebody for my website. Check it out. See the style. If you, if it is something that you like I can connect you with those people.

Speaker A: People. What kind of websites does she do? WordPress or Shopify or both.

Speaker B: Mine was on WordPress. I don't know what else she does.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: I mean they're a company in India Agency basically.

Speaker A: Yeah but like the like introduce me. I'm basically going to give somebody money by Friday. So just send an email and say Suzy is looking at two websites, WordPress or Shopify. She'll brief you and then I'll brief.

Speaker B: All right. All right.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So do you want me to send you an email, both of you an email or.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. All right.

Speaker B: Sounds good.

Speaker A: So just to you're going to rehearse, you'll keep it to 20 minutes, you'll send me your calendar link. And I'm sending an email at 3 to everybody. So I'm going to have this in this in the signature. So soham.rpedge.com Right.

Speaker B: CPGEdge.com Yes.

Speaker A: Okay, perfect. Okay, That'll be fun. Talk soon.

Speaker B: All right. Thank you so much.

Speaker A: Bye.

Speaker B: Now.

