Transcript for: Recording__1090.mp4
Title: Recording #1090
============================================================

Super fun. Nothing super bad going on, huh? In my personal life. Don't ask about the country. We're not talking about that today. Okay. What's happening with the country? What's happening in the country? I didn't hear anything specifically very bad recently. That's why I'm asking. You didn't hear about la. Oh, yeah, yeah, that I heard. Yes. So what's happening there? Is it now better or is it still ongoing? It's still ongoing. Okay. Oh, yeah, it's. It's still ongoing. There's. There's still stuff going. Where else? And all that fun stuff. Elon and Trump broke up. They're getting a divorce. No, no. They are back again together, isn't it? Did they reconcile? Yeah. You see, that's what a perfect relationship looks like. No, I. I don't think they're back together. I think that maybe just one of them won. I don't think they're. I don't think they're like, going to marriage counseling and making it better or anything. Okay. I think they're just. I don't know. Just because you're done fighting doesn't mean you're back in love, you know? That true. Yeah, Yeah, I understand that. Yeah, yeah. They're still divorced. For this thing that you're wearing, it looks somewhat Japanese to me. I don't know. For some reason, my. No, no, it's just a regular cardigan thing. Okay. Yeah. As far as I know. I don't know. It might secretly be from Japan. It didn't tell me personally. All right, let's go ahead and jump into class stuff. So it's been a minute. Do you remember what English is? What English is? No, I forgot. I was trying to remember the word English itself. Fair enough. Fair enough. All right, so you. Let's go ahead and go over it. So we started going over R a little bit last time. So we started really clarifying what the English R looks like, what it sounds like, what it feels like, all of that fun stuff for English R. So what was going on there? Nothing much. What was going on there? I forgot. Totally. Sorry. No worries. Let's go ahead and peek at the R sheet. Let's look at what R looks like. We're going to practice it specifically and then I want to do a few other practices. So I really want to hammer out R, because I know R has been a little bit of a devil with us, which is very common. I think R, th. Glottal stop sounds like that are usually the most challenging ones. So let's make sure that we're nice and comfortable with this one before we move on. If you want to go ahead and open the American R presentation. One second. Aods r. Is it called American R? Yeah, it's called American R. Okay. Presentation. Yeah, Found it. Did he go over it last time? I forgot. Yeah, we did. Okay. We went over R and then we went over. Or specifically. Because usually. Yeah, to the pronunciation of R as well. All right, let's go ahead and look at the R presentation. Are you on the R presentation? Let's go ahead and look at the third slide here. So what is the actual position, the physical movement of the tongue when it comes to R? Okay, so from what I see here is. Okay, I now remember, it's been a while. Sorry, Sim. But I see that the tongue gets retracted. The back of the tongue is squeezed up and the front of the tongue is kind of relaxed. Supposed to be relaxed, but that's it. But it's. It's like when you squeeze the back of the tongue, then also your front is probably not touching the teeth. Not probably. It's definitely not touching the teeth in the front. It's also rolled backwards. Right. Be careful with the word rolled, though. Usually rolled means not rolled. Yeah. When you say. When I said that, then I was thinking, oh, I said it wrong. Yeah. So, yeah, it is. It is pushed back. Now, remember, the tip of the tongue can be as. But it can't be touching anything low. Not touching a thing like this. So it's back like this. And you have to have a certain level of tension in the back of the tongue. Do you remember what will the back of the tongue be touching? Back of the tongue? It's actually. This picture is kind of misleading. When I pronounce R, it's the back of my tongue and a lot of the middle of my tongue as well. I think it's more like this than this. For me, it's more like the middle of the tongue in general. So it's more like this rather than like this. But what should it be touching? Regardless of if it's just the back of the tongue or the middle of the tongue? Everything like that. What should it be touching? It shouldn't touch anything. Isn't it? The back of the tongue should. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I remember the teeth, the upper teeth. Yes. What part? The sides of the tongue. What part of the teeth? The upper teeth, upper palate, both sides. So what I'm asking here is. Here's the molars, right? Yeah. Well, the tongue. So if here's the molars. Is the tongue here at the bottom of the teeth, like on the flat part down here? No. No. What part of the teeth is it touching? It's, like, inside the. Like, I don't know how to describe. It's on the inside part. It's almost touching the top, but it's not blocking any air. And you want to have some tension there. That is the key. The reason the American R is so difficult is because you need the perfect position and you need the right tension. If you have the wrong tension, you need. You're going to start rolling your R. The echo's not going to be enough. It's going to move. It's going to do this da, da, da, da, da. It has to have the right position, and it has to have the right amount of tension in the right place. And if I remember correctly, we actually kind of perfected it. You did really well when we did the OR reading. So let's go visit that if you want to open the OR reading practice sheet. Or O plus R. Okay, let's see. Plus R. Oh, I cannot find it. Where is it related in relation to the American R on that list? Where is it in materials? Oh, is it on the presentation? No, it's not on the presentation. It's in materials. It's near schwa. Plus R. Oh, Colored vowels. Colored vowels. Oh, yeah, I saw it. Okay. Presentation, right? Yes. No, not the presentation. We're doing the practice. Practice. Okay, I'm here. I'm gonna have you read the or. As you're reading. What are you feeling for? What am I feeling for? Like, I'm trying to do the position with my tongue. Yeah. What position? When you try to squeeze the back of the tongue, there will be some tension. And the sides of the tongue will be touching the upper. Inside the upper molar. Yes. It will be up in the upper molars. The front will be lower. Now, if I remember, there were a couple things with yours, One, the tip of the tongue sometimes would wander up, and it would be kind of like this. Make sure that the tip of your tongue is down, but you also want to make sure that you don't have tension in the middle of your mouth. If you have tension in the middle of your mouth, it kind of condenses the whole thing, and then it's very small. And then you sound like you're speaking with a clench like this. You want to make sure that it's relaxed in the middle. It's only tense here in the back with the back of your tongue, it's R. R. Run. Not run. Run. It's not in the middle. It's only in the back. Right. I don't want you to overthink it. You did well with the O. R. So I want you to feel more asking yourself, okay. Where's the tension as you're naturally reading it? So I want you to read it naturally and just ask yourself what it feels like. If you could go ahead and read the first ten words. Just. Okay. Just the words. Yes. Okay. Or orange, organ, order, origami, oral, organized, Spanish. Origin, orifice or bidding. Yeah. Where? Can you reread the last five? Sure. Oral or organized origin, Orifice. Orbiting. Orbiting. Orbiting. Orbiting. Or agami. Oral, organized origin, Orifice. Orbiting. Right. Can you try reading it again? This time I want you to hold it out. Or orange, Oregon order or a gummy. Okay, last five. All of them. All of them. R. Else. Orange. Orange. Organ or der or origami, Oral, organized Spanish. Origin, orifice or beating or bidding. I don't know. Something's off. Something a little bit off. Where is the position of your tongue at least? The back of the tongue is squeezed, that I know. And it's touching the upper molar, the inside. What do you mean by squeezed? Like this. Like, you know. And where's the tip of your tongue? The tip of the tongue is. I think I will have to try it one more time. Give me one more thing to pronounce. Orange. Or again, it's a bit rolled up. Yeah. You want to make sure it's not rolled up because the R relies on that echo. It has to be like this because it echoes here. If your R starts to, like, roll back, it's kind of like this. Where is it going to echo? Let me try that. Do you want me to try it again? Yes. Okay. Orange, Origami, oral, organized origin or a face or beating. I think it's still off. It is. Where's the tip of the tongue? Same rolling up. What happens when you try to keep it down? That's what I'm trying, but I think I could do it last day, but I didn't practice. That's like. Yeah, I'm back to what I. You're no longer allowed to skip class. You're like, sam, I'm skipping class. No, you're not. So can you pronounce R? No, probably not. Okay, so let's try it like this. Where is your tongue when your mouth is closed? Relaxed. Everybody has a different idea of relaxed. Sometimes their tongue's on the top, sometimes it's in the middle. Sometimes it's on the bottom. That tells me the tongue is on the top. The tongue is on the top. Some people have it relaxed on the bottom. Some people have it, like, pulled back like this. And this is what they call relaxed. Some people have it like this. Like, everybody has a different idea of what relaxed means. So it's on the top. So where is the back of your tongue when your mouth is closed? Well, I mean, there is no tension. It's just there, of course, but it's not touching the upper palate. So it's not touching the top. The back of the tongue is not. But it's mostly the top. Sorry, the front of the tongue that is touching the top. Okay. And where's the back of your tongue? I don't know. It's just there. I mean, is it kind of just like lower? Yeah. Your tongue's feel like this? Exactly. Yeah. Okay, so what that tells me is that you naturally don't speak with too much tension right there. Which R requires a lot of tension right there. So. Did we go over L? I don't think so. All right, let's see. Sometimes going over dark and light L helps some of my students with that. So let's go ahead and give that a try. Sure. So what I want you to do is I want you to watch Rachel's English R, and I want you to try speaking with R. I want you to try keeping the front of the tongue down as you're speaking with R. That's going to be. Your homework is lowering because you had it. You had it down when we went over it. You've had a perfect R. We're going to try to get back to that point. So your R is going to be down and the R in the back is going to be tensed, feeling like you're not speaking with any tension in the back. And when you try to add tension, it just goes to the middle. That's a bit what I'm hearing. So you're going to try to keep it in the back. But sometimes practicing L can help some of my students because you have tension in the back in a different way. So since it's different, sometimes it's easier, but it can transfer over to the R. So that's what we're going to try. So before we get into L, how do you make the L sound? L, like la la this sound or just L? How do you make L, for example, the word la la, Like, I don't know how la, Like. Okay, I think. Is this a sound? How do you Pronounce L. What is the sound L makes? What's a word with L? You mean law? Law is one example. Law. Law. Land, for example, Lamp land. Love. Okay. Okay. So most people. Most people. Well, there's two types of L. Okay, let's start with light L. Okay. Oh, Light L is the one you're more familiar with. Light L is the one that you're using examples with. So if you want to go ahead and open the light L, we're going to go over this, then we're going to look at dark L next time. Light L and dark link. Okay. Yeah. America said having one L is just. It's too easy. Which L does Donald Trump use? Everyone uses both. Okay. All right. Yeah. I'm on the worksheet. Sorry. The presentation. Read the explanation. In American English, there are two ways to pronounce the letter L. Dark L and a. Light L occurs before the vowel in a syllable. A dark L occurs after the vowel in a syllable R at the end of a word. For example, The L in like is different from the L in fall. Like has a light L and fall has a dark L. Yeah. So let's see what the heck light L is. How do you pronounce it? So, like, you. The ones you used were what, law and love. Right. Law, like love. Words like that. What is your tongue doing? Law, love, like. I think it's more like T, where the tip of the tongue is touching the upper palette. And La. La. Upper palate is right here. It's touching something else. The top, the. The Whatever it is. The bump thingy. The alveolar ridge. The alveolar ridge, yes. So it's touching that and it's pulling it down just like T, but I don't understand the difference. Oh, it's actually not pulling it down. Can you draw it out? Yeah, it's not. It's just touching it. Right? It's just staying there. Yes. It has to come down to go into the next word. But that's not part of the actual sound. The L itself can be drawn out quite a bit. So is there no difference between L and T? Except for the fact that for T, there's a pressure buildup and then you release it? That's the. The only thing they have in common is the alveolar ridge. Oh, okay. So T, it builds up pressure and it's a puff of air. L is a liquid vibration. L can hold stress. T can't. T is one puff of air. L is vibration and it can be held out. They have a lot of Differences. The only thing they have in common is that they touch the alveolar ridge. That's it. All right, let's go to the third slide. Yeah, I'm there. Oh, jumping ahead, are we? So what does it say here? And it gives some very specific advice. If we look especially at what it says about the throat, it's like a piece of, you know what those pumpkin. Know the cut pieces. Like a slice of pumpkin. Like a jack o lantern or the pumpkin. You know, the pumpkin. Let's say you slice them into smaller pieces. I think you slice it in a different way, but the way I am used to doing it, it just looks like that. Like a, or let's say a moon. Like a, like a jack o lantern. What is that? Jack lantern is when you cut a face into a pumpkin. Oh, I didn't like that. Yeah, yeah. What do you call it? A jack o lantern. I never heard of that word before. Is this what you're talking about? You're talking about the shape? Yeah, yeah, like one of these. Oh, those. Not really. I mean, I, you get. Yeah, yeah, fine. That's the only time I caught pumpkin. So I, I, I can't tell you otherwise. So you never ate pumpkin before? I mean, I'm sure I have. Just, I personally only caught them for jack o lantern. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So I imagine, I don't think I cut it into a specific shape. If I eat it, that's really just me, not just you. There's like a few billion people in the world, but it's probably just you that does this with the pumpkin. So anyway, very unique. What does it say about the throat? What does it say about the throat? The back of the tongue raises slightly and the throat remains in a relaxed position. Yes, this is the key. The throat has to be relaxed. So maybe with R, we're going to break down next time. If the throat is getting some tension versus the back of the tongue because it's very hard to put the tension in the right place. Sometimes people start to put tension on the back of their tongue and it ends up just making their whole throat tense up. Sometimes I feel like you're putting it too forward. You're putting it in the middle. You're putting it here instead of here. So you're going in the opposite direction. So what should I do? You mean that for R? Am I also tensing the throat? Is that what it's. No, you're putting it. Some people put it. Some people say, okay, I need the tension here. And then they end up putting it Too far back in their throat. Because we use the throat muscles quite a bit, so it's easier to tense them up. You're going too far forward. I think you're going the opposite way. And you're tensing here in the middle, which is making it very tense in the middle, and it's making it not echo at all. What your issue is, is it's not tensing in the right place and it's not echoing. It's very flat. Okay, so that's the thing there. It's not that deep. It's more like. Like, It's better if I shift it towards the throat, basically. Yeah, try shifting it. You don't want to shift it to the throat because you don't want it to be just from the throat, like. But it should be closer to the throat than what you have right now. Got it. Okay. So it should be halfway between where you are now and the throat. It will almost feel like it's actually on the top of your mouth near where the throat and the mouth meet. Okay. So the L, it has to be relaxed with the light L. We're gonna go over L more next time and see if that helps. But kind of just drawing attention to how important the throat is with different sounds. So I want you to watch Rachel's English R. I want you to ask yourself about where the tension is. Tension. So where the tension is. And lower the front of the tongue. Okay. All right. Any questions? No. Yeah. All right. I'm gonna go teach Kupete English now. Kupete. She needs to learn English. This is Kupete. Oh, okay. Oh. How do you not know? I'm gonna teach her English now, so. But if you need anything, let me know. We're gonna really. We're gonna go over L. I think maybe L will have some skills that transfer over. If you want to practice R. I recommend reading the or. So if you're like, okay, I watched the video. I've been practicing a little bit. I think I got it. Try reading the or, because the OR is usually a little bit easier. Okay. Okay. Video Tension. Practice or reading. And we're gonna do. We're going to do the last couple of steps together. Next time, talk about tension. Go over the or. Reading. Go over L. Okay. Sure. Yeah. Sounds. Thank you. All right. Of course. Have a good day. Yeah, you too. Bye now. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Super fun. Nothing super bad going on, huh? In my personal life. Don't ask about the country. We're not talking about that today.

Speaker B: Okay. What's happening with the country? What's happening in the country? I didn't hear anything specifically very bad recently. That's why I'm asking.

Speaker A: You didn't hear about la.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah, yeah, that I heard. Yes. So what's happening there? Is it now better or is it still ongoing?

Speaker A: It's still ongoing.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Oh, yeah, it's. It's still ongoing. There's. There's still stuff going. Where else? And all that fun stuff. Elon and Trump broke up. They're getting a divorce.

Speaker B: No, no. They are back again together, isn't it?

Speaker A: Did they reconcile?

Speaker B: Yeah. You see, that's what a perfect relationship looks like.

Speaker A: No, I. I don't think they're back together. I think that maybe just one of them won. I don't think they're. I don't think they're like, going to marriage counseling and making it better or anything.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I think they're just. I don't know. Just because you're done fighting doesn't mean you're back in love, you know?

Speaker B: That true. Yeah, Yeah, I understand that. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: They're still divorced.

Speaker B: For this thing that you're wearing, it looks somewhat Japanese to me. I don't know. For some reason, my.

Speaker A: No, no, it's just a regular cardigan thing.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. As far as I know. I don't know. It might secretly be from Japan. It didn't tell me personally. All right, let's go ahead and jump into class stuff. So it's been a minute. Do you remember what English is?

Speaker B: What English is? No, I forgot. I was trying to remember the word English itself.

Speaker A: Fair enough. Fair enough. All right, so you. Let's go ahead and go over it. So we started going over R a little bit last time. So we started really clarifying what the English R looks like, what it sounds like, what it feels like, all of that fun stuff for English R. So what was going on there? Nothing much.

Speaker B: What was going on there? I forgot. Totally. Sorry.

Speaker A: No worries. Let's go ahead and peek at the R sheet. Let's look at what R looks like. We're going to practice it specifically and then I want to do a few other practices. So I really want to hammer out R, because I know R has been a little bit of a devil with us, which is very common. I think R, th. Glottal stop sounds like that are usually the most challenging ones. So let's make sure that we're nice and comfortable with this one before we move on. If you want to go ahead and open the American R presentation.

Speaker B: One second. Aods r. Is it called American R?

Speaker A: Yeah, it's called American R. Okay.

Speaker B: Presentation. Yeah, Found it. Did he go over it last time? I forgot.

Speaker A: Yeah, we did.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: We went over R and then we went over. Or specifically. Because usually. Yeah, to the pronunciation of R as well. All right, let's go ahead and look at the R presentation. Are you on the R presentation? Let's go ahead and look at the third slide here. So what is the actual position, the physical movement of the tongue when it comes to R?

Speaker B: Okay, so from what I see here is. Okay, I now remember, it's been a while. Sorry, Sim. But I see that the tongue gets retracted. The back of the tongue is squeezed up and the front of the tongue is kind of relaxed. Supposed to be relaxed, but that's it. But it's. It's like when you squeeze the back of the tongue, then also your front is probably not touching the teeth. Not probably. It's definitely not touching the teeth in the front. It's also rolled backwards.

Speaker A: Right. Be careful with the word rolled, though. Usually rolled means not rolled.

Speaker B: Yeah. When you say. When I said that, then I was thinking, oh, I said it wrong.

Speaker A: Yeah. So, yeah, it is. It is pushed back. Now, remember, the tip of the tongue can be as. But it can't be touching anything low. Not touching a thing like this. So it's back like this. And you have to have a certain level of tension in the back of the tongue. Do you remember what will the back of the tongue be touching? Back of the tongue? It's actually. This picture is kind of misleading. When I pronounce R, it's the back of my tongue and a lot of the middle of my tongue as well. I think it's more like this than this. For me, it's more like the middle of the tongue in general. So it's more like this rather than like this. But what should it be touching? Regardless of if it's just the back of the tongue or the middle of the tongue? Everything like that. What should it be touching?

Speaker B: It shouldn't touch anything. Isn't it?

Speaker A: The back of the tongue should.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I remember the teeth, the upper teeth.

Speaker A: Yes. What part?

Speaker B: The sides of the tongue.

Speaker A: What part of the teeth?

Speaker B: The upper teeth, upper palate, both sides.

Speaker A: So what I'm asking here is. Here's the molars, right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Well, the tongue. So if here's the molars. Is the tongue here at the bottom of the teeth, like on the flat part down here?

Speaker B: No. No.

Speaker A: What part of the teeth is it touching?

Speaker B: It's, like, inside the. Like, I don't know how to describe.

Speaker A: It's on the inside part. It's almost touching the top, but it's not blocking any air. And you want to have some tension there. That is the key. The reason the American R is so difficult is because you need the perfect position and you need the right tension. If you have the wrong tension, you need. You're going to start rolling your R. The echo's not going to be enough. It's going to move. It's going to do this da, da, da, da, da. It has to have the right position, and it has to have the right amount of tension in the right place. And if I remember correctly, we actually kind of perfected it. You did really well when we did the OR reading. So let's go visit that if you want to open the OR reading practice sheet.

Speaker B: Or O plus R. Okay, let's see. Plus R. Oh, I cannot find it. Where is it related in relation to the American R on that list?

Speaker A: Where is it in materials?

Speaker B: Oh, is it on the presentation?

Speaker A: No, it's not on the presentation. It's in materials. It's near schwa. Plus R. Oh, Colored vowels.

Speaker B: Colored vowels. Oh, yeah, I saw it. Okay. Presentation, right?

Speaker A: Yes. No, not the presentation. We're doing the practice.

Speaker B: Practice. Okay, I'm here.

Speaker A: I'm gonna have you read the or. As you're reading. What are you feeling for?

Speaker B: What am I feeling for? Like, I'm trying to do the position with my tongue.

Speaker A: Yeah. What position?

Speaker B: When you try to squeeze the back of the tongue, there will be some tension. And the sides of the tongue will be touching the upper. Inside the upper molar.

Speaker A: Yes. It will be up in the upper molars. The front will be lower. Now, if I remember, there were a couple things with yours, One, the tip of the tongue sometimes would wander up, and it would be kind of like this. Make sure that the tip of your tongue is down, but you also want to make sure that you don't have tension in the middle of your mouth. If you have tension in the middle of your mouth, it kind of condenses the whole thing, and then it's very small. And then you sound like you're speaking with a clench like this. You want to make sure that it's relaxed in the middle. It's only tense here in the back with the back of your tongue, it's R. R. Run. Not run. Run. It's not in the middle. It's only in the back. Right. I don't want you to overthink it. You did well with the O. R. So I want you to feel more asking yourself, okay. Where's the tension as you're naturally reading it? So I want you to read it naturally and just ask yourself what it feels like. If you could go ahead and read the first ten words. Just.

Speaker B: Okay. Just the words.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Okay. Or orange, organ, order, origami, oral, organized, Spanish. Origin, orifice or bidding.

Speaker A: Yeah. Where? Can you reread the last five?

Speaker B: Sure. Oral or organized origin, Orifice. Orbiting.

Speaker A: Orbiting. Orbiting. Orbiting. Or agami. Oral, organized origin, Orifice. Orbiting.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Can you try reading it again? This time I want you to hold it out. Or orange, Oregon order or a gummy.

Speaker B: Okay, last five.

Speaker A: All of them.

Speaker B: All of them. R. Else. Orange. Orange. Organ or der or origami, Oral, organized Spanish. Origin, orifice or beating or bidding. I don't know. Something's off.

Speaker A: Something a little bit off. Where is the position of your tongue at least?

Speaker B: The back of the tongue is squeezed, that I know. And it's touching the upper molar, the inside.

Speaker A: What do you mean by squeezed?

Speaker B: Like this. Like, you know.

Speaker A: And where's the tip of your tongue?

Speaker B: The tip of the tongue is. I think I will have to try it one more time. Give me one more thing to pronounce. Orange. Or again, it's a bit rolled up.

Speaker A: Yeah. You want to make sure it's not rolled up because the R relies on that echo. It has to be like this because it echoes here. If your R starts to, like, roll back, it's kind of like this. Where is it going to echo?

Speaker B: Let me try that. Do you want me to try it again?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Okay. Orange, Origami, oral, organized origin or a face or beating. I think it's still off.

Speaker A: It is. Where's the tip of the tongue?

Speaker B: Same rolling up.

Speaker A: What happens when you try to keep it down?

Speaker B: That's what I'm trying, but I think I could do it last day, but I didn't practice. That's like. Yeah, I'm back to what I.

Speaker A: You're no longer allowed to skip class. You're like, sam, I'm skipping class. No, you're not. So can you pronounce R? No, probably not. Okay, so let's try it like this. Where is your tongue when your mouth is closed?

Speaker B: Relaxed.

Speaker A: Everybody has a different idea of relaxed. Sometimes their tongue's on the top, sometimes it's in the middle. Sometimes it's on the bottom.

Speaker B: That tells me the tongue is on the top. The tongue is on the top.

Speaker A: Some people have it relaxed on the bottom. Some people have it, like, pulled back like this. And this is what they call relaxed. Some people have it like this. Like, everybody has a different idea of what relaxed means. So it's on the top. So where is the back of your tongue when your mouth is closed?

Speaker B: Well, I mean, there is no tension. It's just there, of course, but it's not touching the upper palate.

Speaker A: So it's not touching the top.

Speaker B: The back of the tongue is not. But it's mostly the top. Sorry, the front of the tongue that is touching the top.

Speaker A: Okay. And where's the back of your tongue?

Speaker B: I don't know. It's just there.

Speaker A: I mean, is it kind of just like lower?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Your tongue's feel like this?

Speaker B: Exactly.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, so what that tells me is that you naturally don't speak with too much tension right there. Which R requires a lot of tension right there. So. Did we go over L?

Speaker B: I don't think so.

Speaker A: All right, let's see. Sometimes going over dark and light L helps some of my students with that. So let's go ahead and give that a try.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: So what I want you to do is I want you to watch Rachel's English R, and I want you to try speaking with R. I want you to try keeping the front of the tongue down as you're speaking with R. That's going to be. Your homework is lowering because you had it. You had it down when we went over it. You've had a perfect R. We're going to try to get back to that point. So your R is going to be down and the R in the back is going to be tensed, feeling like you're not speaking with any tension in the back. And when you try to add tension, it just goes to the middle. That's a bit what I'm hearing. So you're going to try to keep it in the back. But sometimes practicing L can help some of my students because you have tension in the back in a different way. So since it's different, sometimes it's easier, but it can transfer over to the R. So that's what we're going to try. So before we get into L, how do you make the L sound?

Speaker B: L, like la la this sound or just L? How do you make L, for example, the word la la, Like, I don't know how la, Like. Okay, I think. Is this a sound? How do you Pronounce L. What is the sound L makes?

Speaker A: What's a word with L? You mean law?

Speaker B: Law is one example. Law. Law. Land, for example, Lamp

Speaker A: land. Love. Okay. Okay. So most people. Most people. Well, there's two types of L. Okay, let's start with light L. Okay. Oh, Light L is the one you're more familiar with. Light L is the one that you're using examples with. So if you want to go ahead and open the light L, we're going to go over this, then we're going to look at dark L next time.

Speaker B: Light L and dark link. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. America said having one L is just. It's too easy.

Speaker B: Which L does Donald Trump use?

Speaker A: Everyone uses both.

Speaker B: Okay. All right. Yeah. I'm on the worksheet. Sorry. The presentation.

Speaker A: Read the explanation.

Speaker B: In American English, there are two ways to pronounce the letter L. Dark L and a. Light L occurs before the vowel in a syllable. A dark L occurs after the vowel in a syllable R at the end of a word. For example, The L in like is different from the L in fall. Like has a light L and fall has a dark L. Yeah.

Speaker A: So let's see what the heck light L is. How do you pronounce it? So, like, you. The ones you used were what, law and love. Right. Law, like love. Words like that. What is your tongue doing?

Speaker B: Law, love, like. I think it's more like T, where the tip of the tongue is touching the upper palette. And La. La.

Speaker A: Upper palate is right here. It's touching something else.

Speaker B: The top, the. The Whatever it is.

Speaker A: The bump thingy. The alveolar ridge.

Speaker B: The alveolar ridge, yes. So it's touching that and it's pulling it down just like T, but I don't understand the difference.

Speaker A: Oh, it's actually not pulling it down. Can you draw it out?

Speaker B: Yeah, it's not. It's just touching it. Right? It's just staying there.

Speaker A: Yes. It has to come down to go into the next word. But that's not part of the actual sound. The L itself can be drawn out quite a bit.

Speaker B: So is there no difference between L and T? Except for the fact that for T, there's a pressure buildup and then you release it?

Speaker A: That's the. The only thing they have in common is the alveolar ridge.

Speaker B: Oh, okay.

Speaker A: So T, it builds up pressure and it's a puff of air. L is a liquid vibration. L can hold stress. T can't. T is one puff of air. L is vibration and it can be held out. They have a lot of Differences. The only thing they have in common is that they touch the alveolar ridge. That's it. All right, let's go to the third slide.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm there.

Speaker A: Oh, jumping ahead, are we? So what does it say here? And it gives some very specific advice. If we look especially at what it says about the throat, it's like a

Speaker B: piece of, you know what those pumpkin. Know the cut pieces. Like a slice of pumpkin.

Speaker A: Like a jack o lantern or the pumpkin.

Speaker B: You know, the pumpkin. Let's say you slice them into smaller pieces. I think you slice it in a different way, but the way I am used to doing it, it just looks like that. Like a, or let's say a moon.

Speaker A: Like a, like a jack o lantern.

Speaker B: What is that?

Speaker A: Jack lantern is when you cut a face into a pumpkin.

Speaker B: Oh, I didn't like that. Yeah, yeah. What do you call it?

Speaker A: A jack o lantern.

Speaker B: I never heard of that word before.

Speaker A: Is this what you're talking about? You're talking about the shape? Yeah, yeah, like one of these.

Speaker B: Oh, those. Not really. I mean, I, you get. Yeah, yeah, fine.

Speaker A: That's the only time I caught pumpkin. So I, I, I can't tell you otherwise.

Speaker B: So you never ate pumpkin before?

Speaker A: I mean, I'm sure I have. Just, I personally only caught them for jack o lantern.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I imagine, I don't think I cut it into a specific shape. If I eat it, that's really just

Speaker B: me, not just you.

Speaker A: There's like a few billion people in the world, but it's probably just you that does this with the pumpkin. So

Speaker B: anyway, very unique.

Speaker A: What does it say about the throat?

Speaker B: What does it say about the throat? The back of the tongue raises slightly and the throat remains in a relaxed position.

Speaker A: Yes, this is the key. The throat has to be relaxed. So maybe with R, we're going to break down next time. If the throat is getting some tension versus the back of the tongue because it's very hard to put the tension in the right place. Sometimes people start to put tension on the back of their tongue and it ends up just making their whole throat tense up. Sometimes I feel like you're putting it too forward. You're putting it in the middle. You're putting it here instead of here. So you're going in the opposite direction.

Speaker B: So what should I do? You mean that for R? Am I also tensing the throat? Is that what it's.

Speaker A: No, you're putting it. Some people put it. Some people say, okay, I need the tension here. And then they end up putting it Too far back in their throat. Because we use the throat muscles quite a bit, so it's easier to tense them up. You're going too far forward. I think you're going the opposite way. And you're tensing here in the middle, which is making it very tense in the middle, and it's making it not echo at all. What your issue is, is it's not tensing in the right place and it's not echoing. It's very flat. Okay, so that's the thing there. It's not that deep. It's more like. Like,

Speaker B: It's better if I shift it towards the throat, basically.

Speaker A: Yeah, try shifting it. You don't want to shift it to the throat because you don't want it to be just from the throat, like. But it should be closer to the throat than what you have right now.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: So it should be halfway between where you are now and the throat. It will almost feel like it's actually on the top of your mouth near where the throat and the mouth meet.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So the L, it has to be relaxed with the light L. We're gonna go over L more next time and see if that helps. But kind of just drawing attention to how important the throat is with different sounds. So I want you to watch Rachel's English R. I want you to ask yourself about where the tension is. Tension. So where the tension is. And lower the front of the tongue. Okay. All right. Any questions?

Speaker B: No. Yeah.

Speaker A: All right. I'm gonna go teach Kupete English now. Kupete. She needs to learn English. This is Kupete.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. Oh.

Speaker A: How do you not know? I'm gonna teach her English now, so. But if you need anything, let me know. We're gonna really. We're gonna go over L. I think maybe L will have some skills that transfer over. If you want to practice R. I recommend reading the or. So if you're like, okay, I watched the video. I've been practicing a little bit. I think I got it. Try reading the or, because the OR is usually a little bit easier. Okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Video Tension. Practice or reading. And we're gonna do. We're going to do the last couple of steps together. Next time, talk about tension. Go over the or. Reading. Go over L. Okay.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah. Sounds. Thank you.

Speaker A: All right. Of course. Have a good day.

Speaker B: Yeah, you too. Bye now.

Speaker A: Bye.

