Transcript for: Recording__1066.mp4
Title: Recording #1066
============================================================

Open like as soon as I prepare a ship. Okay. I should be able to use it and send it. Okay. So you will fulfill a shipment, some inventory that. And then what we'll start do is as that starts selling, then we'll phase out the five pack and not fulfill. So same. So if I highlight this inventory for five pack, we still have like this is from last week's data. It is like starting at 63 units. Yeah. Okay. And we are selling approximately in Canada. And we sold like 36 units last last month. Last one month. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Okay. So this won't hinder the sales for three pack. Like the numbers for five pack. Right. They are. They can coexist at the same time. Yeah. Going into Amazon. Okay, perfect. So talking about numbers then in terms of the inventory. So we are planning to. We are working on 800 units of snacks to go singles, which is FG751. So we have, we sell close to 900 a unit. Right. And then we have our total units including transit of 1400. And if I look at it, then there is an additional 800 units that we are currently planning to send by early next week. Okay. Yeah. So even if we're selling about even it's creeping over 900. So say a thousand a month moving forward. Yeah. Okay. And like there is close to 1400 in stock and then there are 18, 800 more getting dispatched early next week. How many are in Stock? Close to 1400, including in between transfers. Okay, I see. So yeah. So the total, just so. So the column G is the total that you can sell. It's in stock, right? Yes. So it's 14 is under receiving, but it is available to customers. So yeah, you can look at this number that is available to customer for ordering. Okay. And then another 1600. Yeah, something I don't remember if this is the exact thing that we discussed last week, two weeks ago. And if we send something in between, but I think I requested if we could send 300 more units last time. That is processed. Okay. That is us. Okay. Okay. But I think to your point here, show home. What you're saying is. So Annabel, I know we plan to ship 800 units, but we need to be shipping more of this item. Like we're, we're moving into selling. We're going to get very quickly at a thousand units per week or sorry, per month on this item. And right now you only have 1.5 months actually available right now. So if we overshoot that, which we should, we'll talk when we get to the discussion later about prime days, which actually maybe this is a good time to talk about that after we go. If we overshoot that we need more than 800 units going in, like you need another thousand units. Plan to go in right away. Okay, let me factor in that cost then. I'm Natasha. So yeah, I'm limited by production schedules. Like those were the maximum numbers that were achievable for the week. So. But yeah, I'll chime in. So and that's fine if it's 800 going in, but it's then tighten up the cadence for more to go. So if there's like a max number that they can produce in a week, then that's fine. But then we need to make sure the pipe is moving really fast. And I will just add a few things. I know we are looking at these numbers. For example, the sales numbers, you know, the. This is the restock report that you download, I think, and the sales number. And then I'm backing my data with your forecast report. Okay. I just wanted to add that if you could, you know, import the sales report, sales data from the business report using vlookups and all that will be more accurate. And another thing is if you see there are a few columns like column L where it's customer orders, those are already sold, but they are added to the column G. So to really look at how many are available, of course it's not going to change it a lot, but you need to still subtract that number from column G to understand the situation. So those are not available but already booked by customers. So. Yes. So in terms of when I say when I. My total column G, that is a summation of all the shipments starting from available to in transit or anything. So it will factor in all the summation. So if you look at receiving till available, the sum is 1425. And if it is unfulfillable, so it will deduct that one case and then it becomes 1424. Yeah, I still include 36 units, isn't it? It includes the 36 units, yes. Yeah. Right. So if you assume that we will do thousand units per month, which is at our current pace, we'll talk about that. It looks like we are stable at 900. Around 900 anyway. If we assume that we'll do thousand, so 3,000 units in two months, that would mean if you want to stock up according to three months, almost 1600 units is what you are supposed to send. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. If I'm looking at backing it up for three months. Yes, definitely. We need to hit that number. Yeah, yeah. And so basically because I think it was last time we talked to it was 800. There seems to be an operational cadence of like there's something about this 800 number doing and fulfilling. So basically the message is how do we double and plan to triple that number to fulfill. So whether it's frequency of you're doing 800 weekly or it's. Or it's a bigger shipment going, but we need that to double really fast, if not triple. Okay, yeah. Okay, let me discuss that. Yeah, okay. And do you want good problem to have? Yeah, for sure. And so do you want like what change would you like to see in this reporting? Maybe import that data for column F from the business report. So you know you can just to do it very Simply download the 30 days business report, paste it somewhere on another sheet and then use Vlookup and then. Yeah, yeah, okay. I use generally business reports, but that is for a summary. I haven't looked at sqi so I'll try to see that the child is. And are you saying that show home because you're saying. So his unit sold in well last 30 days or the month of April was 867 but the actual business report is saying it was like 9:15. So there is a discrepancy of 50 units like that. If that discrepancy starts to grow past 50 units and we have a really skewed sold report that you're working from Annaba for your forecasting. So. Yeah, making sure that we get the right number in the sold. Yeah, yeah. But ideally my report would be let's say from Friday. Let's say if you are meeting as a group on Wednesday. So it would be like five days prior or six days prior report that we are working on because I'm using the same reports at different places. So instead of working on different reports on different days, I'm just working on a single report. Okay, yeah, well, and we show home and Brittany and myself too can see like if you ever pull up this report and that unit sold is like significantly different than the numbers are wrong. But yeah, so we can be an additional spot check for that. Yeah, for sure. Okay. So maybe actually while we're on that item. Well, let's finish this and then we'll talk prime days inventory. Let's finish this. Yeah. Okay. For the two pack of oil. So we were able to get the manufacturing done. If you remember last time we mentioned that we were waiting for the stock. So we were able to pull in the schedule and the stocks are available. So we are sending 120 units this for next week dispatch to Canada. So like 122 packs has been planned for this batch. Okay. 122 packs just pulling up for Canada. 122 packs. Yeah. So we have like 100 close to 177. Okay, that's probably good. Show home, right? Or do you think there needs to be more for prime days or anything? Like we're at about 100 units a month right now selling. Yeah. I think we will discuss about the prime day situation. I think this is going to be one of the products that we can participate with. Yeah. Okay. So probably a little bit more would be better. Right now we have 177, so 120, little bit more would be better. That's all like 50 more like one. If we could do 150 or 180. Show home. Do you think that's good Bumper? Yeah, I think so. Could you bump. Are you able to bump that Anabel up to at least. No, no. We are constrained by resources. And then all the labelings are done. I have to cancel the entire shipment and they have already printed and. Okay, so if you're not able to bump this number, but can we follow up with a quick shipment of more? I have to check back with the resource planning team again because I had already requested some more to ship for us next week. Okay. But I have to see how the. And then, so just for our knowledge and above, when you go into your, your planning here in Amazon planning specifically, are you looking at this report and the forecast? Like are you having these conversations? And then basically the conversation is saying, well, we're capped at this, we can only send this. Or okay, yeah. So I'm looking at both the numbers, projected numbers and this report. And based on that then we discussed with like me and Natasha, we discussed based on what we can fulfill on a particular week schedule, that is how those numbers change. Okay. And I'll bring, I'll bring so because basically, yeah, the message that you can bring, and I'll bring it to one of our leadership meetings too, is just understanding if a plan is being created of how to fulfill Amazon or what's the plan operationally to have more bandwidth here because yeah, we want to continue ramping up and we don't want the barrier to be that we just can't get orders out fast enough. Right. So yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Your takeaway there, your takeaway there, Annabelle, is okay, we're fulfilling with 120. But on the two pack, 500 mil. Can we follow up with another order right away? Yeah. And that should be like an additional 60 to make it like close to 180. Right. Or do you want another palette minimum? Minimum 60 more. Yeah, yeah. Say 60 to 100 more. But minimum 60 more has good shelf life on it. Right. So if you have the stock, it's okay. Yeah. Then for the lentils variety pack, the pack of three, including the shipment in transit like we were, we are sitting close to two months stock and then we are sending 20 more units adding a half month of inventory. So 20 more units. We have planned for the dispatch for the following week. Again driven by overall resource allocation plan. Right. So we're saying about 45amonth. So the question on this I this, this one, as we talk about this one Show Home is this would be an item that could participate in prime days. Yes. I have looked at the SKUs and I can just paste the SKUs right in the chat right now in Canada. These are the ones I was thinking of. One second, I'll just type it participating with. I'm not sure if we can improve our rating for the snack to go. If we can, we'll also participate. Add that in. But these are the three hours thinking of going with. Okay. Are these on your list? So that's the Camelina two pack and then the lentil pack. Yep. Okay. Yeah. Where are we at on that feedback whiz like are we have some gone out so that we are seeing more reviews. Well, so we have about 1100 plus emails scheduled to be sent and I was hoping the way it was set up, all of them will be sent by yesterday. But so far I see only 40 were sent in Canada and 11 in the US so I have contacted them to understand what's going on and why they are not being sent. Yeah. Okay. And so for your information Annabelle, with Prime Days coming up, you can only participate with an ace. You can only participate in Prime Days if you have four stars or above reviews. Yeah. And so those will be specific excuse only. Yes. So that's what he's highlighting a few of these. So Camelina has that snacks to go is 3.9. So show home and Brittany have activated a review app that calls for reviews and if we can get it to four star plus, then that item can participate as well, which would be huge. Probably. But right now we're only at 3.9. So that's what Show Home is saying is he's trying to get those reviews in to see if we can push it up to participate. Okay, so but you're saying this, this the three pack 140 gram lentils. We are planning to participate in Prime Day show homes. So with that in mind and annabel only sending 20, like I can do a top up for quite quick. Like we have to send another snacks to go. Right. Then we have to send 60 more of oil. So I can add that cadence to it if you need. So what do you. When you put on prime days, show home. Like we're saying, this lentil variety pack is. The Forecast is saying 45 in April. We sold about 50. So would you anticipate double that month or would you. Okay, so for just the duration we can say if it performs really well, then we can say we. We can expect to see almost two times to 2.5x for those two days or even 3x. Let's say 2x to 3x for those two days. Okay. Just that. But we have 90. We have two months available at 95 plus we're sending only. Do you say 20? How many are you sending in and above? 20. 20 units? Yeah. You know what, maybe we should make that one month like 45. Because if you're saying. Or maybe we would be. When is prime days? It's in June, right? Next month. It hasn't even decided yet. Oh, but we can look at when it was last week last year. Do you remember when it was last year, Bernie? Was it in June? I just googled it. It's something July 5th and the 16th, 2025. Okay. Okay. So this one is not. Because it's not till July and above. You can just leave it at 20 for now because we still have two months in there. We're probably. This one isn't as crazy, but it's always good to send the shipment in advance because I have seen shipments getting queued up and tied up and not getting delivered for entire month. Right. Okay. During this period. So. Okay. Try to sign as soon as possible. Okay. Top it up for sure then. Yeah. So those are the major ones. And then do you want to. So and then we already sent. We are sending the first batch of our new 5 liters reignited 5 liters bed. So I'm sending 30 units of those. Okay. Man, I just keep waiting for those to finally get there. If you feel like it's taking a long time. Like what are the five liters? Okay. Will that be part of. So actually. So what about the other variety pack show home like the fava bean Variety pack and the Chickpea Variety pack. I don't think the Chickpea has enough. The ratings are too low. Are good though, aren't they? Yeah, I'm pretty sure. Is that in stock, by the way? Five pack is there in stock? This is the one. Yeah, but we're gonna discontinue that. Yeah. So we can only participate with the three pack if we have to. Yeah, ideally, yeah. 4.5. And that actually is maybe my question. I guess once we reactivate three pack, we'll be able to see what the star ratings are on that and then we'll make sure that we fulfill two for prime days. But will can the new variety pack. Oh, we'll get there, actually. So leave the fava pack right now until we reactivate and fulfill the three pack and then we'll see. So when I'm planning my next Amazon shipment, I might as well include the three pack powers. Right. So what is a recommended number of units to begin with for three pack? Do you have a recommendation? 30 units. If I go with five pack here, I would say. Well, I was just looking at the forecast, actually. Yeah, like for the five packs, you were forecasting 40 per month. So maybe we should just start with 40, 50, something around that. Yeah, yeah, just start with 40 or so. 40 or 50 and above. Okay. Because how many do you have? You still have two months worth in the five packs. Right? So, yeah, definitely just 40. Yeah, just start with 40 and above. Wait, can I interrupt to say that email from the Saskatchewan minister when she met with the king, like, King Charles. Oh, yeah, I saw that. Yeah. So King Charles received three farmer snacks, like, from Saskatchewan. It's not so great. Like, my mind is. I'm a huge. Like, I don't want to say I'm a royal fan. Like, I love the crown, but that is crazy. That is great social contact. Literally crazy. I know. I saw the pictures too. I was like, well, he's not even holding them. It's not just written in the copy that he got. Why did you see photos? I didn't see photos. Oh, where's their photo? Wasn't there photos of him? And then like, I'm literally dizzy right now. No. Oh, I'll. Reese, I'll send what I saw after. I just. Just like the messages. I don't see any. There's nothing attached. Snacks for the king. Okay, so. So you talked about 5 liter Annabelle. We talked about the three pack. We've talked about prime days. Can you talk to me about the new variety pack? What's the status of that one with Amazon. The new 28 gram variety pack. So that is one of. So we sent. The new one is 101 201. So we sent 300 units of that to that is in transit that is about to be received in some time. Will that item be able to participate in Prime Day show Home once it starts going depending on the review. So we can. Right after it's received we can participate in the vine program and get some reviews in. If it is above 4 stars then we can participate with that. Okay, so it's about the star rating. It's not like it has to have been an Item online for 3 months or something before it's about the star rating. Not for this. And do you know how many reviews it has to have before it gives a star review rating? That's a very neat question. I'm sure it generally gives even with the gives a rating even in the first one review. That's a good question. I'm not sure if it can be eligible even with one review. That's another thing I'm not googling. But we'll get more than that. With vine programs, especially foods, they get distributed really quickly. Probably all 30 units will get distributed. We can expect somewhere between 2022 reviews within maybe a month. Yeah, it says they don't close the exact number. However, based on seller experience, products typically begin averaging once they have at least two customer ratings. Okay. Okay. I'll share the US inventory data now. Give me a quick sec. Just plotting the items for easy visibility. Just in a quick second. Okay, so again coming back to us. So the yellow ones are our primary. Let me just do a quick. I'll just. Okay. So for the primary sku. So snacks to go is again a major one. So we have total units that sold based on that math. Like we have total units including everything in transit as 407 units for snacks to go US variety. And if I look at the monthly data, that would be 76 units that we did in last one month. If you look at this one FT751 one. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Yeah. That was a good month. And show home. You see that even just growing. Because that's what you're saying last time like us it's. It's hooked. It's working. So we shouldn't see it. We should only see it go more from here. Yeah. As long as we keep it stocked. Do we need to plan more on this one? I don't think so. No, we're okay. Yeah. See what May does. Yeah. For growth and then. Yeah, okay. Then again, this is for the oil. So now we are back with oil. So I'm thinking of doing like 60 units. That is what I had planned for. But again, I'm open to suggestions. So how many do you need to send according to the forecast for the 3 months? So usually you say in the forecast you're forecasting about 20 units a month. In the month of March, we sold 2024. Yeah. In my math, based on projections and everything, it's 60. Yeah. For three months is what you're saying. Yeah, yeah. And would you be including it for prime? Yes, I plan to. So let me give you the SKUs for the US. Yeah, so those two and the old snack to go probably also the new one if we have the rating. What's the 600-966-091? This is, this is the two pack oil 609 and then FG 864 FPS. That is three pack power beans variety. Okay. That is the unit which we are currently short on. We have to send a big shipment for that. Oh, because in the packaging, you mean. Because it's US packaging and we're not sending Canadian. Okay, now we will continue to send that. Right, because that is what we discussed, that we continue to send Canadian. But I'm saying like in terms of shipment, we don't have stock available currently at Amazon for that. Okay, and how soon can we send more stock? I'll come to know today, later today. And when we do send stock, how much do we want? So it looks like close to, based on feasibility, it would be close to 120. 120. What do you think about that show home? Yeah, I think it's fine. Right. Let me check the forecast one more time. That's about three months worth of forecast. Okay. Okay, then that's good I think because yeah, your Forecast, that's a three pack father, right? Forecast was saying yeah, four times three. Is that right? Yeah, 40. 40 month. Yeah. Okay, sounds good. So for snacks to. I'm saying no, not to plan anything for now. But again with, with the Amazon prime day kicking and do you think it's good to send maybe a small shipment just to avoid, you know, transit things of what, a month from now? Oh, I see. Like maybe a small, let's say one more palette for us for snacks to go. Oh, because how long did that happen that one time when things were delayed around prime days and above. Like that's not one. Like I've seen it happening. Oh, lots. All prime days. Right. And even though the shipment gets delivered, then the carrier never get an appointment to get the goods in because they put us in the waiting queue depending upon first come, first serve. And everyone is ramping up, trying to ramp up their sales and stocking up the warehouse. So that is where it becomes a bit trickier. True. Yeah. Should we tee up another hundred at least? Like. Yes. Do you think we'll be able to. Would we be able to make that decision here? Depending on where May goes. Like, where are we at with May sales? This dashboard's pretty up to date. Hey, show home. Yes, it is. Yeah. Okay, so this currently in May, you're at like, are we running to forecast here or where are we at? Okay, so. Oh, oh, we're missing May, the month of May in the dashboard. Oh my God. Okay, so in the US Dashboard, I was trying to update that and probably got deleted. So my report is based on last week and it will capture the last 30 days. Okay. But in the. Sorry, I was in the forecast dashboard and about. So. Or sorry, show home. So the month of May is missing in the forecast to actuals. But it is in your, like the data, the marketing data one. And it's saying so to date, May month, to date of May, 32 units. So yeah, we're. We're halfway there to achieve what we did in April. Okay. Plus prime days. So I would feel. I don't feel that we would be overstocked or run into a shelf life issue if we were to tee up another hundred units to just navigate through any weird delays that come from prime day logistics issues probably. So you're saying we have 400 available and yeah, I would plan because prime days is not till July. Like my goodness. Maybe. Do you think we need to do more than 100? No, no, I don't think so. Because already if once this 300 even lands in prime, like in Amazon DC, we would have like almost three to four months stock. Right. With 400 number. So I don't think we need to send more, but just one shipment just in case. So. Yeah, well. Or maybe Showham, you're thinking it might be oversold because basically what we're saying is if we do 75 to 100 per month, we have four months of inventory there right now. Yeah. So our plan is regularly SKU is for three months, so instead of three, we have four. So I think we should be good for Amazon unless there is an additional expectation of this SKU starting to sell more incoming like during prime or Right but it picks up. If we end up sending four months of inventory, we are betting that it will scale. Hopefully that happens. Yeah, well, the risk of sending more than four months is that we're. We don't hit 100 per month. But I don't think that's real. Like, we should. We've hit 75. We're on track to hit 75 again. Like, like, I don't. Just don't want to run into shelf life issues. So. 75. 75. If you anticipate even a 50 bump on prime day month. Huh. We could even. 50. Yeah. Why don't we just tee up another 50 and above? Because. Yeah, what we don't want is to run out of stock when we're. When we have momentum. Right. Like, All right, Then for two pack of oil. So my plan was to add 60. So currently we don't have stock. Like, but we just got the stock back. So we are planning to get in around 60 more units. Okay. And this will be a prime day item. And we already have 20. Like 20, 22 going per month sales. So 60 is not even three months inventory. That is three months. Oh, but we've been selling 25 per month, so. Yeah. Okay. That way. Yeah, yeah. Because there's zero there. Right. So I definitely would. At least 80, I think. Unless maybe bump it to 80. And this is a prime days item too. So I'll just do 80 to 100 then. What best can be accommodated? Yeah. Okay. Okay. And the last two SKUs. Yeah, go ahead. One second. Yeah. I just wanted to say that I have added the me column. What was that on the US File, the dashboard. The May column was missing. Right. So I added that back. Okay, thank you. It's just in our dashboard and above the forecast. May was missing, so it's okay. Okay. The new snacks to go 28 grams for us. We sent 120 units. So what's the plan for that? Nothing for now, I guess. When is that supposed to be there? Do we have an assumption of when it will hit? Yeah, probably in less than 10 days. 19 days or 10 days. 10 days. 10 days. 10 Days. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Save to save two weeks, max. Not more than that. Because right now I'm not seeing any delays on Amazon. And based on previous shipments to us. Yeah. They have reached fairly much, fairly in time. Okay. So, yeah, by the time we. By the time we speak next, like our next cadence of meeting, we'll know more on that new variety item. And if we need to get more moving. Yeah. But we will Barely know more because it'll just be there. Oh, yeah. Then for the chickpeas variety, also, we sent this week 60 units, bringing our total. Like, we were low on those numbers. Right. So we just sent 60 units for that. But I definitely. We can add some more for next shipping. Probably one month worth more. Like around 20 more. It won't be a Prime Days item, I don't think, because the reviews, I think, are only three and a half. Right, Brittany? Yeah. No, yeah. So 60 is probably fine. Okay. Yeah. Okay, then let's just stick to that plan and then, yeah, I'll circle back. Primarily, the more focused area for discussion would be snacks to go Cadence in Canada in terms of the build and different dates. So. Yeah, I'll work on that. Okay. And it looks like in terms of all those, like, ones that we're filtering out, it looks like you're pretty much done those. Right. Like, there's no breathing. Asins that were like. Except, yeah, like, they're all at zero. That's good. Right? So we've pretty much cleaned up the US Already. Yeah. Yeah. So I'll just see. It's fine for me to delete these SKUs just for the reporting sake, Soham. Or. Sure. Does it take away any of our. No, nothing will happen unless we. You know, it's better to keep a backup that These are the SKUs and ASINs that we have right now before deleting, so in case we need them in the future, we can refer back to them and even. Yeah, So I have like. Like multiple reports saved with this format where we can see all the SKU listings and the essence details and everything. But it won't. You won't need anything for historical data, right, Alicia? As long as historical revenues. Again, I guess the question is saying, where are you deleting this anabap? Because, like, for instance, the three pack fava listing, we just reactivated that. Right. That was never deleted. So that is why it's setting. But again, I don't want a whole lot of excuse sitting all the time because I have to manually, you know, remove them in my remote reporting each week. Yeah, like, for sure. The 40 grams are. We're never producing those again. Right. So those for sure can be deleted. Yeah. So when I say delete, I'll delete it from FBA inventory. Yes. Okay. Yes. Yes. Yeah. You know what? These random things keep popping up in my mind just now. What I was thinking is, before deleting, I know we are going to discontinue them, but if we combine these Listings in a way that will add up all the reviews. And I'm wondering, it will be a test if after they're out of stock, if the review count will still stay the same. I mean, the summation of all of these after combining them. So that way we can leverage the existing reviews and ramp up the total number of reviews on some of our listings. Does that make sense? The thing that you just want. What do you mean? Are you saying that you can take a review from one ASIN and put it to another one? No, what I mean is if we create a parent asin, for example, with the discontinued items, the reviews are supposed to add up if they're active. So I'm just willing to do a test after they're out of stock, will the reviews still stay or will they be removed from the parent A.C. so if we. If they stay, that will be to our advantage that it will ramp up the number of reviews that we have on some of our listings. That's what I mean. Oh, I see. So you're saying if they get deleted, we'll lose that. Yes, yes. So let's do this testing. Let me do this testing first. Let's see what happens if the reviews stay. If they remove them anyway, then we'll just delete them. Okay, so can you just give us a little more time on that decision and above? Sure thing. Yeah. Yeah. Just that I keep on getting intimation from Amazon that, hey, you're out of stock. Can you please restock? And it's just random FNSQs, which I don't remember right out of the list. And I'm like, okay, it gives me a mini heart attack. I go back and then check, okay, this is a discontinued one and not a legit one. Right. Because that keeps on coming and orders email, and that's what is done internally. So I just want to clean it as soon as possible. That's it. Nothing else. Okay. Okay. Okay. Any other questions for Annaba or Annaba for us? There was one. Okay, so I think the last conversation we had there was some discussion about that new warehousing model in the U.S. does anybody have more information about that or we maybe need more time to gather more information. I need some more time to gather on that information. But what I observed from last one week shipment was just that one SKU was charged exorbitantly for $600. But again, coming back to the regular cadence, when we did not ship the new skill this week, my pre. My placement fee was just around $130. Like that is the regular trend of charges that I see. But just for that particular SKU, I saw like 600 plus. Okay. So that's almost like a listing fee of a new sku. It was a warehouse fee, probably because you're adding a new. You're adding 100. That's very common. I know. In the grocery game. Yeah. Okay. Okay. But I'll definitely try to have more insight and. Okay, no problem. I'll keep you guys posted about that. Great. Right. Thanks, Anabh. Okay, awesome. I'll jump off the call and hope you guys have a good conversation. Thank you. Have a good day. Bye. Bye. Okay, great. So, yeah, that's actually a really. And I guess my question to you, like, how we formed that agenda to kick off with inventory, which allows us to look at basically even sales performance, and that. Is that working for everybody with Annabove? I think so, yes. For this meeting. Yeah, I definitely know it works for me. Um, but I just want to make sure we're getting the information we want and that it's valuable information for everybody when we're doing that part. So. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I think it's very important, too, to make sure everything's in stock or at least know what's going on with the inventory. Yeah. And my takeaway from that, like I mentioned to Annabov, too, is. So we have, just for your information, show home. So we're producing for Canada Club west, and we have two more Costco rotations coming up in the US and the item is this kitted variety pack. So our operational demands, our demand planning on the specific variety pack has increased significantly overnight. And it's a whole new system of kitting because there's like three. So you have to make the inside items and pack the inside items. So we're ramping up our labor. We're moving to 24. 7 on our one snack pack machine to accommodate the volume. So. So that's what he means. Where there's like kind of a cap right now where we at, and we're organizationally structuring to scale that kidding line, I guess, if that's what we call it. Because Costco is moving and Amazon is moving, and they're all in the same item on the same system on the same machine. That's good. So it's a good problem to have. But that's what he's saying. That's why we're kind of capped, because someone else is demanding it. But I've put to my leadership agenda, too, to make sure, like, what's the Plan to scale this and how quickly can this start scaling so that we don't run into inventory issues in some of these channels that are really taking off. So yeah, sounds good. Okay. All right. So. So yeah, do you want to just kind of do business health, show home and then we can talk about just some of the outstanding items that you're needing from us? Yeah, sure. So by business Health, would you like to take a look at the dashboard and see how we are doing? Yeah. And so I always get a good opportunity to pre read of the dashboard and I'll usually try to make sure I bring any of my questions. But for this when you present, what I love to hear from you is, you know, business health. So where we, where are we strong? Where are we maybe weak? Are there any challenges, issues? We have to change our targets and forecast. You know, I know sometimes you bring it in saying, hey, if I had more money, I could do more. So just any of that. Like I know, I know that's always a thing. So yes, any of sort of the business strategy and health, this is your opportunity to say this is what's going well. This is not going well. Yeah, this is what I need. Yeah. Before I go to that dashboard, you know what, I wanted to discuss this thing with you. So let's say we are growing at a steady pace, right? Let's say we're doing right now $40,000 in total. Let's say just for the sake of this discussion. And we decided that we'll be allocating 10%. That was the assumption. But then in the beginning it was just $3,000. Right now we have agreed to spend 4,000. Good. But instead of having this discussion of how much we'll spend in terms of the fixed amount, what is the challenge when it comes to just specifying the spend in terms of just percentage? So let's say 10% of whatever revenue, if we end up generating 50,000, it will become 5,000 on its own. Like we don't even have to have a discussion regarding that. Is there a problem with that? So, okay, so what you're saying is where do you have autonomy to increase? Is it based on dollar amount or percentage? So you're basically saying that we're creeping up to 40,000amonth in Canada. And so now you, if it's a 10%, is your allowance now you're spending 4,000. So with that 4,000, now if you start creeping to 48,000 per month, do you have autonomy to start spending 4,800? So does your autonomy, is it the dollar amount capped or the 10%? That's a really good question. Because how I have budgeted in the annual budget is by dollar amount. Because how I budgeted is I said, well, we're doing 40,000 by dollar amount. So that's a really good question. Show home. And I agree with you. You should have the Autonomy of the 10% increase as you grow month over month. So you know that if you're going to hit 50, you're spending five. I, I agree with that. So can you just let me take this to my finance and budget and how I could look at that in my budget? Sure, yeah, yeah. But yeah, I hear what you're saying. That, that, that makes sense that the 10 needs to grow. If it's 10, it needs to grow 10 with the sales. I hear you. Yeah, okay. Yes. Yeah. And, and on the same line, I know we agreed to spend 4,000 now, but that extra 1,000 was just for the new variety package. So yeah, I mean, continuing with this same line of discussion. Oh, now you're trying to justify. When I hear you. I know, because now you're saying there's like, now there's like a budget that should be allocated for launching and building momentum of a new item versus taking from the 10%. Yeah, let me take this. And again, because this plays into my, my total conversation that take to leadership when we're looking at the budget. And it's good timing because actually in June we're doing strategy sessions on all the building blocks for moving into 2026. And E commerce is a channel of its own and Amazon obviously being the hammer in that channel. So this is where the discussion happens and saying E Commerce is a sales pillar in the building blocks. What role can Amazon play in that to really ramp things up? And if Amazon can play that role, what's the cost? And that's where I kind of say I think Amazon could be this, but it's going to cost me this and I need to give minimum 10% as it grows month over month with it. Minimum. And you know what, since you are going to discuss about this anyway, so I think another discussion that you could add to this is instead of 10%, how much does it make sense for us to allocate towards that? Is it 15% or can we go up to 20% to support our growth? Are you saying that if it was more than 10% show home, could you grow faster? Like, is that what that would do the result faster? Yes. I mean, 10% is not the kind of money that brands spend to grow, it's has to be at least 15%. 20% is probably the more acceptable. 10% is maintain. Yeah, maintain health. 15 to 20 is growth. Is that what you're saying? Yeah. Okay. And. Okay. And this is again perfect timing for this conversation because when I bring it to the sales, because I know operationally what's going to come back at me is going to say, well, meanwhile, I'm also. We're also identifying that we have a bit of a bandwidth gap in how fast we're ramping up this. Kidding. Because if Costco is growing at the same time as Amazon, how are we managing this operational? So basically what they're going to come back and say is say this is great, but timing is really important. So stay at 10 and then we'll be able to scale more in the next three months, then you can move to 15. Because obviously both things have to scale at the same time. So timing will be. So, yes, I think I could definitely get this engine ramping for us. Show home it will just be about the timing. Yes. And you know what? It's not just me asking for more money. At the same time, I think we need to verify the financials. So I know we are a little bit confused with how it looks on our end in terms of profitability and how much money we're receiving, if it makes sense or not. So we also need to be, you know, feel confident that, yeah, this is accurate. So yeah, if you want to get accurate data, all statements report is the one that you need to look at because that. And is that the dashboard you showed me that I shared that. Okay, well that breaks out all the fees and the costs and stuff. Let me show you the report. It will be helpful. Yeah. So if we go to payments and here, if you click on all statements, these are the all statements report. And this is what matters the most. I'll say. And this will not match with the business report if you look at just one month of data. But let's say if you look at six months of data, it will more or less match. So why is this accurate is because you see in these statements are tied to the payouts that you're receiving at your, at the bank account. Right. And if you download this report, you will see exactly which orders are accounted for along with all other expenses, including, let's say some promotions that are done, some coupons that were. That we spent on, including the shipment, whatever we spent on shipping to Amazon. If you are choosing Amazon, Amazon's career Amazon partner carrier advertising. If taxes Collected limited. It's all columned in there. Yes. Okay. So I have a feeling my, I have a feeling my finance team is in here. But I'm going to make a note because I think there's. What's coming to a head here is I need to know how far finance is because that's a project in the finance department right now is all the different channels and even in some points to customer they are trying to identify what the profitability. So we have an assumption. But E Commerce right now has been second to some of it. So they haven't got there yet. But I'm pushing them to say so where are we at in E Commerce? And I want them to split out Amazon specifically because they also have Costco, CA and Shopify wrapped into that assumption. Yeah. So yes. So let me push them harder on this and maybe I'll ask them to because obviously do you do this all for your other brand show home? Well, I, it's very simple. You know what, you just download these, the reports are here. You just have to know where to get them. Yeah, yeah. And it's so simple in the sense if you just deduct your cost of goods or whatever off Amazon expense you have, that's your profit. Yeah, very simple. Yeah, yeah. So okay. Yeah, I hear you. Let me just try to fast track because yeah, this is again a question I've been asking is saying what does Amazon look like? Because yeah, if I want to hit the, hit it harder. What does that actually mean on the bottom line? Exactly. So that will help you make the decision. Look, let's say right now you are not feeling confident in spending 15% but if you, after doing this analysis, if it makes sense, you'll feel confident to spend 15% or even 20%. Right. Amazon is generally a very challenging channel. It's not that transparent. So let's see if you feel surprised or if you, if you can, if your assumptions are correct. Let's see. So what do you, what do you typically see for surprises they'll show home like do, do some brands do this exercise and they're in the fricking negative? Well, for some, yes. So it really depends on your cost of goods. So I'll say if our cost of goods is somewhere in the range of 20 to 25%, we are going to be okay. Yeah. Because the pack sizes are also okay. It's not very heavy. That's, that's what I'll say. Basically the cost of goods matters a lot. But if it is, let's say 35%. The margin will be really slim. Yeah. And I think that's, that's where the holdup is with our finance team right now. Because how I mentioned this. Kidding. This, this item is the main Amazon item and it's, it's newer and scaling. So even on the cost of goods, trying to even understand how many can one operator execute on per hour? Like the efficiencies of it, the costs. We just changed packaging people like the cost of goods. So that's I think been the holdup of them trying to the cost of goods to stop moving and to put in an actual target. Yeah, yeah. So yeah, this is, thank you for this conversation. This is very good conversation. It's exactly where I'm thinking about Amazon. So. Yes. Yeah, happy to know you're thinking there too. Yeah. Okay. Okay, so let's now look at the data. Yeah. And even I was looking at the dashboards and so I'm happy to know that the US we've kind of rationalized in a big way. So as some of those items zero out. Show home. I know there's zero, but if it's a cleaner look, we can even just delete them out of the dashboard eventually. But Canada, this is Canada we're looking at. Right. So yeah, I was just looking if we're tracking because between, between the month end, like it's one thing to look at the month and say did we hit it or not, but this is our opportunity to look mid month and saying are we on track to what we said we're gonna do or are there issues? Right. Yeah. First of all, I'll say these data that I'm seeing here, 912 is no different from what I see from the business report. So it's like 901 for April. So I think it may have changed because of some order cancellations or something happened. So I think another way of making sure this is accurate is to do a data refresh at the end of every month to make sure that it's correct. So we'll take care of that. Now I have added some comments. Oh. So this is what I have actually added. Okay. Yeah, yeah. I reviewed this entire data today and let me just go over the actual, the comments first. So for these roasted chickpeas, we have now lost the buy box. So if you look at the number of sales versus the forecast, we are not going to do 75 minutes for sure. Right. And we know why though. Yes, because we lost the buy box. That freaking item. Yeah. I don't know why. Insane. Okay, now do you think it's because it's so available at retail so people can pick them up? Like, is it going through discount stores? It's very surprising because you said that we haven't listed this variety pack anywhere else. Just a single flavors. Just a single flavors. There's no like. And even online it's. We even a shopify our online store, it's single flavors. Well, ca. It's single flavors. The only discounter that actually buys our chickpeas is tjx, which we do. We ship if there's like short shelf life or we have an overstock or something with tjx. And that goes to Winners and Marshalls. Right? A two pack. Yeah. So that's the only retailer I could think that is discounting it. They don't sell online. So I don't even know how Amazon is like seeing that. Right. Like, that's a difficult part. So weird. And then the only other. Because this is. It's not. And then the only other is. Yeah, if somebody's buying it and reselling it, that we don't know who it. Who they are, why they're buying it. So I'll dig. I'll put this on my sales agenda to dig again with Natasha and Colleen to see if they have any ideas. But that's so brutal because like at the end of the day, if you can't diagnose the issue and Amazon is not, it's like the item just dies. Like. Yeah, okay, I'll put it on the. My meeting agenda to have another conversation about what that could be because have we gone show home to Amazon and said, hey, this is not sold anywhere else. We have no idea why. No, I haven't done that. I think I should add that to my. Yeah, could we try that? Yeah. Okay. Okay. All right. Okay, so now let's jump to the next one, which is some of the items are. Are out of stock, but still we have forecasted that we will sell, for example, this one. And I don't think we are going to send these. So how about we change the forecast to zero from May? Yes. Yeah. Okay. I just didn't want to do it on my own. I just want to discuss with you before. Before I change any of the numbers. Yes. All right. So the same for the lentil. Oh, oh, okay. So for this one, it's out of stock and I'm not sure when we're going to. It's going to be available. So I wonder if we should also adjust the forecast for that reason. Yeah, definitely zero out. May well, you could zero out. Obviously, we didn't sell any in March or April, too. But the forecast is the forecast now. But. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, I see. Which one? Okay. Yeah, now this one. And it's taking a long time for them to receive the Variety pack in both marketplaces. So. I know. I think it just because we just produced for that, though, over the last one seven to ten days. So. Because. Yeah, basically what we're asking, like. I'm just trying to ask the question of, like, what is the timeline from when we. When we say we need something to it getting in the schedule and it's shipping? Like, is it like. Yeah, it's uncertain. That's the first answer I'd say. But Anuva probably will be able to give you better idea. But it's uncertain. Sometimes it's just a week. If it is a nearby warehouse and how busy it is, that's also another factor. And it could be even one month. It could even one and a half months if it is really busy. Yeah, yeah. So because this will be that thing, like, once this gets in and starts live, like, hopefully within the first week or two of its life, we can make some assumptions to make sure that it gets in. We can make some assumptions on what we need to fulfill to keep the momentum. Because what I don't want to do is it goes like this and then we. We didn't keep up with fulfilling and it comes back down. Right. So how about I make this like, I just. I'll just move this to one month forward. So 35 will be for June and whatever we have. Yeah. Okay. All right. Okay. That one is done. And this one. Yeah, the oil. I think we're not going to do anything in May. Definitely not. It's still something under. Yeah, we're planning. So I'll just delete that. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Now if we want to review the others for. This one is fine. I think the forecast is zero. We still. Why did it. Why is it zero? We sold six units, so so far we expected that you will. Yeah. And these are the ones that are kind of like, oh, and by the way, I have highlighted Variety pack. I have highlighted the ones that will discontinue in gray. Oh, yeah. Good plan. Okay. All right. So all of these three will be discontinued. May we are. We are going to sell more than what we expected for this item. That is going to be discontinued for this one. I think it's. It's going to do almost 900 units at this rate. Not 940. But let's see. Yeah. Do you feel like why did it. Do you feel like it's slower? It is. It is. It. It was slow towards the end of April and also the beginning of May. Now it has caught up again. So let's see if it continues and yeah, I'm working on the ads too. Let's see. Okay. For this one we're definitely going to meet the target last month and it's discontinued so it doesn't really matter. Whatever it does does for this one again, it doesn't really matter again, you know, unless you want to look into. Will meet the forecast anyway and doesn't matter. This one is. It looks like it's a bit slow. I'm not sure if I discussed about this. No, the lentils variety pack. It's a bit slow. Slower than what we expected. We expected to grow more. So maybe I'll just add a note. Well, it kind of is looking like because we're midway through May, it's looking overall like May is going to be soft to April. Why would that be? It's until 13th and so not really exactly the. The meetup. May. I'll say it. It will be. It's okay. I'll see. It will be. Overall revenue will be less than what we did in March for sure because many of the items are being discontinued. Right. As you see. Yes. Yeah. Especially in the US we just have one item available there. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Now this one, we discussed this one. This is definitely on track. If you you notice, it will probably do about 124 units at this pace. I was doing the math and this one doesn't matter. This one really is. Nothing's happening for this one. This is something we already discussed. We also discussed this one. We also discussed this one. Okay, perfect. Okay. So for the US Unfortunately I had to restored to a previous version. So all the comments that I added are gone. Okay, that's fine. But really here nothing much is happening except for the only. Yes, that is the only one that is available. So let's look at that for a second. It will grow at this pace. Phase. Let's say we have done 32 units, 31 days, about 76 units. And I hope that will. It will increase. So that's where we are. And we need to adjust the forecast for this one, by the way. So I'll add a comment there. Okay. Okay. And how about. So I guess one of the two items, the two items in terms of pages you've been working on is Camelina oil and the new Snacks to Go. So new Snacks to Go is ready. It's done. I saw that on your. Your April commission. So you don't need anything from us on that item. And Camelina, I think Brittany just delivered some updated images, maybe tweaking a few more, but otherwise. So let me give you that update for Camelina. I have updated the images, the issue copy and also upload the video along with the A plus content. So it's there already. Oh, sorry, not the A content. We didn't do the A. The old A content. Stay for the new snack to Go. I believe Britney is working on those with the graphic designer and we'll update them when they are complete. The. Which one? Sorry? The new ones. The new one. New Snack to Go. I think you. You have all of those ones. I know you sent me some, but did you also revise them according to the new copy? Because I read like I made some changes right after I delivered the new Snack to Go ideas. The A plus content and the image copy. Did you revisit those images? I don't know. I thought our last email was. I did make those versions and sent them back. I'll double check your emails though. It was an email, obviously. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. All right. So that is the update. Speaking of images, can I ask you one question that I saw brand do? Sure. I want to know your thoughts on. So this is an. This is in dot com. This bean veto, which I actually had never vivo had heard of. But they're putting that macros claim right there. Interesting. And they have this little three pack sign that is automated. That is from Amazon. But seven gram is from them. Seven grams is from amp. Oh, from the brand. So you see it says. The one in the corner says three pack right here. Yeah, but that is from Amazon because it's search. That is from Amazon. Yeah, I hope so. I think so because Amazon does that. But seven gram is something they have definitely done. Yeah. So I'm curious if we should try this. We should try that. So I might get that done and then just send it to you. And if it works, it works because. Alicia, what do you think about that? Yeah, I think those are great images and they're bidding against us. Like this is typing in three farmers and they're coming up as sponsored. Okay, I see. So yeah, that's definitely. I don't know what your competitor set is their show home for bean snacks. But they're definitely. They're. They're starting to just have more of a presence in Canada. Right. We'll work on someone definitely. To add and make sure. Yeah, make sure. We're kind of competing with that. Yes. However, they're showing them like this. Interesting. You know what? Alyssa and Brittany, I have to go, but there are a few more things. I'll just. I'll look at these things that you showed Brittany. And one more thing. Brittany also worked on the video ads. I have already recorded this feedback video. Hopefully that's helpful. Yeah, I look forward to that one and start utilizing that for our video ads. Sounds good. Yeah. All right, we'll chat soon. Show home. Yeah, I think that's all I had from my end, too. Thank you so much. Thank you. Alicia, will you stick on for a second? Yeah, yeah. Bye now. Bye. Have a good day. You too.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Open like as soon as I prepare a ship.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I should be able to use it and send it.

Speaker B: Okay. So you will fulfill a shipment, some inventory that. And then what we'll start do is as that starts selling, then we'll phase out the five pack and not fulfill. So same.

Speaker A: So if I highlight this inventory for five pack, we still have like this is from last week's data. It is like starting at 63 units.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. And we are selling approximately in Canada.

Speaker A: And we sold like 36 units last last month. Last one month. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. So this won't hinder the sales for three pack. Like the numbers for five pack. Right. They are. They can coexist at the same time.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Going into Amazon. Okay, perfect. So talking about numbers then in terms of the inventory. So we are planning to. We are working on 800 units of snacks to go singles, which is FG751. So we have, we sell close to 900 a unit. Right. And then we have our total units including transit of 1400. And if I look at it, then there is an additional 800 units that we are currently planning to send by early next week.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. So even if we're selling about even it's creeping over 900. So say a thousand a month moving forward.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And like there is close to 1400 in stock and then there are 18, 800 more getting dispatched early next week.

Speaker B: How many are in Stock?

Speaker A: Close to 1400, including in between transfers.

Speaker B: Okay, I see. So yeah. So the total, just so. So the column G is the total that you can sell. It's in stock, right?

Speaker A: Yes. So it's 14 is under receiving, but it is available to customers. So yeah, you can look at this number that is available to customer for ordering.

Speaker B: Okay. And then another 1600.

Speaker C: Yeah, something I don't remember if this is the exact thing that we discussed last week, two weeks ago. And if we send something in between, but I think I requested if we could send 300 more units last time. That is processed. Okay.

Speaker A: That is us.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay.

Speaker B: But I think to your point here, show home. What you're saying is. So Annabel, I know we plan to ship 800 units, but we need to be shipping more of this item. Like we're, we're moving into selling. We're going to get very quickly at a thousand units per week or sorry, per month on this item. And right now you only have 1.5 months actually available right now. So if we overshoot that, which we should, we'll talk when we get to the discussion later about prime days, which actually maybe this is a good time to talk about that after we go. If we overshoot that we need more than 800 units going in, like you need another thousand units. Plan to go in right away.

Speaker A: Okay, let me factor in that cost then.

Speaker B: I'm Natasha.

Speaker A: So yeah, I'm limited by production schedules. Like those were the maximum numbers that were achievable for the week. So. But yeah, I'll chime in.

Speaker B: So and that's fine if it's 800 going in, but it's then tighten up the cadence for more to go. So if there's like a max number that they can produce in a week, then that's fine. But then we need to make sure the pipe is moving really fast.

Speaker C: And I will just add a few things. I know we are looking at these numbers. For example, the sales numbers, you know, the. This is the restock report that you download, I think, and the sales number.

Speaker A: And then I'm backing my data with your forecast report.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: I just wanted to add that if you could, you know, import the sales report, sales data from the business report using vlookups and all that will be more accurate. And another thing is if you see there are a few columns like column L where it's customer orders, those are already sold, but they are added to the column G. So to really look at how many are available, of course it's not going to change it a lot, but you need to still subtract that number from column G to understand the situation.

Speaker A: So those are not available but already booked by customers.

Speaker C: So. Yes.

Speaker A: So in terms of when I say when I. My total column G, that is a summation of all the shipments starting from available to in transit or anything. So it will factor in all the summation. So if you look at receiving till available, the sum is 1425. And if it is unfulfillable, so it will deduct that one case and then it becomes 1424.

Speaker C: Yeah, I still include 36 units, isn't it?

Speaker A: It includes the 36 units, yes. Yeah.

Speaker C: Right. So if you assume that we will do thousand units per month, which is at our current pace, we'll talk about that. It looks like we are stable at 900. Around 900 anyway. If we assume that we'll do thousand, so 3,000 units in two months, that would mean if you want to stock up according to three months, almost 1600 units is what you are supposed to send.

Speaker A: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. If I'm looking at backing it up for three months. Yes, definitely. We need to hit that number.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. And so basically because I think it was last time we talked to it was 800. There seems to be an operational cadence of like there's something about this 800 number doing and fulfilling. So basically the message is how do we double and plan to triple that number to fulfill. So whether it's frequency of you're doing 800 weekly or it's. Or it's a bigger shipment going, but we need that to double really fast, if not triple. Okay, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, let me discuss that.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay. And do you want good problem to have?

Speaker A: Yeah, for sure. And so do you want like what change would you like to see in this reporting?

Speaker C: Maybe import that data for column F from the business report. So you know you can just to do it very Simply download the 30 days business report, paste it somewhere on another sheet and then use Vlookup and then.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, okay. I use generally business reports, but that is for a summary. I haven't looked at sqi so I'll

Speaker C: try to see that the child is.

Speaker B: And are you saying that show home because you're saying. So his unit sold in well last 30 days or the month of April was 867 but the actual business report is saying it was like 9:15. So there is a discrepancy of 50 units like that. If that discrepancy starts to grow past 50 units and we have a really skewed sold report that you're working from Annaba for your forecasting. So. Yeah, making sure that we get the right number in the sold. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: But ideally my report would be let's say from Friday. Let's say if you are meeting as a group on Wednesday. So it would be like five days prior or six days prior report that we are working on because I'm using the same reports at different places. So instead of working on different reports on different days, I'm just working on a single report.

Speaker B: Okay, yeah, well, and we show home and Brittany and myself too can see like if you ever pull up this report and that unit sold is like significantly different than the numbers are wrong. But yeah, so we can be an additional spot check for that. Yeah, for sure.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So maybe actually while we're on that item. Well, let's finish this and then we'll talk prime days inventory. Let's finish this. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. For the two pack of oil. So we were able to get the manufacturing done. If you remember last time we mentioned that we were waiting for the stock. So we were able to pull in the schedule and the stocks are available. So we are sending 120 units this for next week dispatch to Canada. So like 122 packs has been planned for this batch.

Speaker B: Okay. 122 packs just pulling up for Canada. 122 packs.

Speaker A: Yeah. So we have like 100 close to 177.

Speaker B: Okay, that's probably good. Show home, right? Or do you think there needs to be more for prime days or anything? Like we're at about 100 units a month right now selling.

Speaker C: Yeah. I think we will discuss about the prime day situation. I think this is going to be one of the products that we can participate with.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: So probably a little bit more would be better. Right now we have 177, so 120, little bit more would be better.

Speaker B: That's all like 50 more like one. If we could do 150 or 180. Show home. Do you think that's good Bumper?

Speaker C: Yeah, I think so.

Speaker B: Could you bump. Are you able to bump that Anabel up to at least. No, no.

Speaker A: We are constrained by resources. And then all the labelings are done. I have to cancel the entire shipment and they have already printed and.

Speaker B: Okay, so if you're not able to bump this number, but can we follow up with a quick shipment of more?

Speaker A: I have to check back with the resource planning team again because I had already requested some more to ship for us next week. Okay. But I have to see how the.

Speaker B: And then, so just for our knowledge and above, when you go into your, your planning here in Amazon planning specifically, are you looking at this report and the forecast? Like are you having these conversations? And then basically the conversation is saying, well, we're capped at this, we can only send this. Or okay, yeah.

Speaker A: So I'm looking at both the numbers, projected numbers and this report. And based on that then we discussed with like me and Natasha, we discussed based on what we can fulfill on a particular week schedule, that is how those numbers change.

Speaker B: Okay. And I'll bring, I'll bring so because basically, yeah, the message that you can bring, and I'll bring it to one of our leadership meetings too, is just understanding if a plan is being created of how to fulfill Amazon or what's the plan operationally to have more bandwidth here because yeah, we want to continue ramping up and we don't want the barrier to be that we just can't get orders out fast enough. Right. So yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Your takeaway there, your takeaway there, Annabelle, is okay, we're fulfilling with 120. But on the two pack, 500 mil. Can we follow up with another order right away? Yeah.

Speaker A: And that should be like an additional 60 to make it like close to 180. Right. Or do you want another palette minimum?

Speaker B: Minimum 60 more. Yeah, yeah. Say 60 to 100 more. But minimum 60 more has good shelf life on it. Right. So if you have the stock, it's okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: Then for the lentils variety pack,

Speaker B: the

Speaker A: pack of three, including the shipment in transit like we were, we are sitting close to two months stock and then we are sending 20 more units adding a half month of inventory. So 20 more units. We have planned for the dispatch for the following week. Again driven by overall resource allocation plan.

Speaker B: Right. So we're saying about 45amonth. So the question on this I this, this one, as we talk about this one Show Home is this would be an item that could participate in prime days.

Speaker C: Yes. I have looked at the SKUs and I can just paste the SKUs right in the chat right now in Canada. These are the ones I was thinking of. One second, I'll just type it participating with. I'm not sure if we can improve our rating for the snack to go. If we can, we'll also participate. Add that in. But these are the three hours thinking of going with.

Speaker B: Okay. Are these on your list?

Speaker D: So that's the Camelina two pack and then the lentil pack.

Speaker B: Yep. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker D: Where are we at on that feedback whiz like are we have some gone out so that we are seeing more reviews.

Speaker C: Well, so we have about 1100 plus emails scheduled to be sent and I was hoping the way it was set up, all of them will be sent by yesterday. But so far I see only 40 were sent in Canada and 11 in the US so I have contacted them to understand what's going on and why they are not being sent. Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: And so for your information Annabelle, with Prime Days coming up, you can only participate with an ace. You can only participate in Prime Days if you have four stars or above reviews.

Speaker A: Yeah. And so those will be specific excuse only.

Speaker B: Yes. So that's what he's highlighting a few of these. So Camelina has that snacks to go is 3.9. So show home and Brittany have activated a review app that calls for reviews and if we can get it to four star plus, then that item can participate as well, which would be huge. Probably. But right now we're only at 3.9. So that's what Show Home is saying is he's trying to get those reviews in to see if we can push it up to participate. Okay, so but you're saying this, this the three pack 140 gram lentils. We are planning to participate in Prime Day show homes. So with that in mind and annabel only sending 20,

Speaker A: like I can do a top up for quite quick. Like we have to send another snacks to go. Right. Then we have to send 60 more of oil. So I can add that cadence to it if you need.

Speaker B: So what do you. When you put on prime days, show home. Like we're saying, this lentil variety pack is. The Forecast is saying 45 in April. We sold about 50. So would you anticipate double that month or would you.

Speaker C: Okay, so for just the duration we can say if it performs really well, then we can say we. We can expect to see almost two times to 2.5x for those two days or even 3x. Let's say 2x to 3x for those two days.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Just that.

Speaker B: But we have 90. We have two months available at 95 plus we're sending only. Do you say 20? How many are you sending in and above? 20.

Speaker A: 20 units? Yeah.

Speaker B: You know what, maybe we should make that one month like 45. Because if you're saying. Or maybe we would be. When is prime days? It's in June, right? Next month.

Speaker C: It hasn't even decided yet. Oh, but we can look at when it was last week last year.

Speaker B: Do you remember when it was last year, Bernie? Was it in June? I just googled it.

Speaker D: It's something July 5th and the 16th, 2025.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. So this one is not. Because it's not till July and above. You can just leave it at 20 for now because we still have two months in there. We're probably. This one isn't as crazy, but it's

Speaker A: always good to send the shipment in advance because I have seen shipments getting queued up and tied up and not getting delivered for entire month.

Speaker B: Right. Okay.

Speaker A: During this period. So.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Try to sign as soon as possible.

Speaker B: Okay. Top it up for sure then. Yeah.

Speaker A: So those are the major ones. And then do you want to. So and then we already sent. We are sending the first batch of our new 5 liters reignited 5 liters bed. So I'm sending 30 units of those.

Speaker B: Okay. Man, I just keep waiting for those to finally get there. If you feel like it's taking a long time. Like what are the five liters? Okay. Will that be part of. So actually. So what about the other variety pack show home like the fava bean Variety pack and the Chickpea Variety pack.

Speaker D: I don't think the Chickpea has enough. The ratings are too low.

Speaker B: Are good though, aren't they?

Speaker D: Yeah, I'm pretty sure.

Speaker C: Is that in stock, by the way?

Speaker A: Five pack is there in stock? This is the one.

Speaker C: Yeah, but we're gonna discontinue that.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: So we can only participate with the three pack if we have to.

Speaker B: Yeah, ideally, yeah. 4.5. And that actually is maybe my question. I guess once we reactivate three pack, we'll be able to see what the star ratings are on that and then we'll make sure that we fulfill two for prime days. But will can the new variety pack. Oh, we'll get there, actually. So leave the fava pack right now until we reactivate and fulfill the three pack and then we'll see.

Speaker A: So when I'm planning my next Amazon shipment, I might as well include the three pack powers. Right. So what is a recommended number of units to begin with for three pack?

Speaker B: Do you have a recommendation? 30 units. If I go with five pack here, I would say.

Speaker C: Well, I was just looking at the forecast, actually.

Speaker B: Yeah, like for the five packs, you were forecasting 40 per month. So maybe we should just start with 40, 50, something around that. Yeah, yeah, just start with 40 or so. 40 or 50 and above.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Because how many do you have? You still have two months worth in the five packs. Right? So, yeah, definitely just 40. Yeah, just start with 40 and above. Wait,

Speaker D: can I interrupt to say that email from the Saskatchewan minister when she met with the king, like, King Charles.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah, I saw that. Yeah.

Speaker D: So King Charles received three farmer snacks, like, from Saskatchewan. It's not so great.

Speaker B: Like, my mind is.

Speaker D: I'm a huge. Like, I don't want to say I'm a royal fan. Like, I love the crown, but that is crazy.

Speaker B: That is great social contact.

Speaker D: Literally crazy.

Speaker B: I know. I saw the pictures too. I was like, well, he's not even holding them. It's not just written in the copy that he got.

Speaker D: Why did you see photos? I didn't see photos.

Speaker B: Oh, where's their photo? Wasn't there photos of him?

Speaker D: And then like, I'm literally dizzy right now.

Speaker B: No. Oh, I'll. Reese, I'll send what I saw after.

Speaker D: I just. Just like the messages. I don't see any. There's nothing attached.

Speaker B: Snacks for the king. Okay, so. So you talked about 5 liter Annabelle. We talked about the three pack. We've talked about prime days. Can you talk to me about the new variety pack? What's the status of that one with Amazon. The new 28 gram variety pack.

Speaker A: So that is one of. So we sent. The new one is 101 201. So we sent 300 units of that to that is in transit that is about to be received in some time.

Speaker B: Will that item be able to participate in Prime Day show Home once it starts going

Speaker C: depending on the review. So we can. Right after it's received we can participate in the vine program and get some reviews in. If it is above 4 stars then we can participate with that.

Speaker B: Okay, so it's about the star rating. It's not like it has to have been an Item online for 3 months or something before it's about the star rating.

Speaker C: Not for this.

Speaker D: And do you know how many reviews it has to have before it gives a star review rating? That's a very neat question.

Speaker C: I'm sure it generally gives even with the gives a rating even in the first one review. That's a good question. I'm not sure if it can be eligible even with one review. That's another thing I'm not googling. But we'll get more than that. With vine programs, especially foods, they get distributed really quickly. Probably all 30 units will get distributed. We can expect somewhere between 2022 reviews within maybe a month.

Speaker D: Yeah, it says they don't close the exact number. However, based on seller experience, products typically begin averaging once they have at least two customer ratings.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. I'll share the US inventory data now. Give me a quick sec. Just plotting the items for easy visibility. Just in a quick second. Okay, so again coming back to us. So the yellow ones are our primary. Let me just do a quick. I'll just. Okay. So for the primary sku. So snacks to go is again a major one. So we have total units that sold based on that math. Like we have total units including everything in transit as 407 units for snacks to go US variety. And if I look at the monthly data, that would be 76 units that we did in last one month. If you look at this one FT751 one.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Yeah. That was a good month. And show home. You see that even just growing. Because that's what you're saying last time like us it's. It's hooked. It's working. So we shouldn't see it. We should only see it go more from here.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: As long as we keep it stocked.

Speaker A: Do we need to plan more on this one?

Speaker C: I don't think so. No, we're okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. See what May does.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: For growth and then. Yeah,

Speaker A: okay. Then again, this is for the oil. So now we are back with oil. So I'm thinking of doing like 60 units. That is what I had planned for. But again, I'm open to suggestions.

Speaker C: So how many do you need to send according to the forecast for the 3 months?

Speaker B: So usually you say in the forecast you're forecasting about 20 units a month. In the month of March, we sold 2024. Yeah.

Speaker A: In my math, based on projections and everything, it's 60.

Speaker B: Yeah. For three months is what you're saying. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: And would you be including it for prime?

Speaker C: Yes, I plan to. So let me give you the SKUs for the US. Yeah, so those two and the old snack to go probably also the new one if we have the rating.

Speaker B: What's the 600-966-091?

Speaker A: This is, this is the two pack oil 609 and then FG 864 FPS. That is three pack power beans variety.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: That is the unit which we are currently short on. We have to send a big shipment for that.

Speaker B: Oh, because in the packaging, you mean. Because it's US packaging and we're not sending Canadian.

Speaker A: Okay, now we will continue to send that. Right, because that is what we discussed, that we continue to send Canadian. But I'm saying like in terms of shipment, we don't have stock available currently at Amazon for that.

Speaker B: Okay, and how soon can we send more stock?

Speaker A: I'll come to know today, later today.

Speaker B: And when we do send stock, how much do we want?

Speaker A: So it looks like close to, based on feasibility, it would be close to 120.

Speaker B: 120. What do you think about that show home?

Speaker C: Yeah, I think it's fine. Right. Let me check the forecast one more time.

Speaker B: That's about three months worth of forecast.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay, then that's good I think because

Speaker B: yeah, your Forecast, that's a three pack father, right? Forecast was saying yeah, four times three. Is that right? Yeah, 40. 40 month. Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay, sounds good.

Speaker A: So for snacks to. I'm saying no, not to plan anything for now. But again with, with the Amazon prime day kicking and do you think it's good to send maybe a small shipment just to avoid, you know, transit things of what, a month from now?

Speaker B: Oh, I see.

Speaker A: Like maybe a small, let's say one more palette for us for snacks to go.

Speaker B: Oh, because how long did that happen that one time when things were delayed around prime days and above.

Speaker A: Like that's not one. Like I've seen it happening.

Speaker B: Oh, lots.

Speaker A: All prime days. Right. And even though the shipment gets delivered, then the carrier never get an appointment to get the goods in because they put us in the waiting queue depending upon first come, first serve. And everyone is ramping up, trying to ramp up their sales and stocking up the warehouse. So that is where it becomes a bit trickier.

Speaker C: True.

Speaker B: Yeah. Should we tee up another hundred at least? Like. Yes. Do you think we'll be able to. Would we be able to make that decision here? Depending on where May goes. Like, where are we at with May sales? This dashboard's pretty up to date. Hey, show home.

Speaker C: Yes, it is.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, so this currently in May, you're at like, are we running to forecast here or where are we at?

Speaker D: Okay, so.

Speaker B: Oh, oh, we're missing May, the month of May in the dashboard.

Speaker C: Oh my God.

Speaker B: Okay, so in the US Dashboard, I

Speaker C: was trying to update that and probably got deleted.

Speaker A: So my report is based on last week and it will capture the last 30 days.

Speaker B: Okay. But in the. Sorry, I was in the forecast dashboard and about. So. Or sorry, show home. So the month of May is missing in the forecast to actuals. But it is in your, like the data, the marketing data one. And it's saying so to date, May month, to date of May, 32 units. So yeah, we're. We're halfway there to achieve what we did in April.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Plus prime days. So I would feel. I don't feel that we would be overstocked or run into a shelf life issue if we were to tee up another hundred units to just navigate through any weird delays that come from prime

Speaker A: day logistics issues probably.

Speaker B: So you're saying we have 400 available and yeah, I would plan because prime days is not till July. Like my goodness.

Speaker A: Maybe.

Speaker B: Do you think we need to do more than 100?

Speaker A: No, no, I don't think so. Because already if once this 300 even lands in prime, like in Amazon DC, we would have like almost three to four months stock. Right. With 400 number. So I don't think we need to send more, but just one shipment just in case. So.

Speaker B: Yeah, well. Or maybe Showham, you're thinking it might be oversold because basically what we're saying is if we do 75 to 100 per month, we have four months of inventory there right now.

Speaker A: Yeah. So our plan is regularly SKU is for three months, so instead of three, we have four. So I think we should be good for Amazon unless there is an additional expectation of this SKU starting to sell more incoming like during prime or Right but it picks up.

Speaker C: If we end up sending four months of inventory, we are betting that it will scale. Hopefully that happens.

Speaker B: Yeah, well, the risk of sending more than four months is that we're. We don't hit 100 per month. But I don't think that's real. Like, we should. We've hit 75. We're on track to hit 75 again. Like, like, I don't. Just don't want to run into shelf life issues. So. 75. 75. If you anticipate even a 50 bump on prime day month.

Speaker C: Huh.

Speaker B: We could even. 50.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Why don't we just tee up another 50 and above? Because. Yeah, what we don't want is to run out of stock when we're. When we have momentum. Right. Like,

Speaker A: All right, Then for two pack of oil. So my plan was to add 60. So currently we don't have stock. Like, but we just got the stock back. So we are planning to get in around 60 more units.

Speaker B: Okay. And this will be a prime day item.

Speaker A: And we already have 20. Like 20, 22 going per month sales.

Speaker B: So 60 is not even three months inventory.

Speaker A: That is three months.

Speaker B: Oh, but we've been selling 25 per month, so. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. That way.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Because there's zero there. Right. So I definitely would. At least 80, I think. Unless maybe bump it to 80. And this is a prime days item too.

Speaker A: So I'll just do 80 to 100 then. What best can be accommodated?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And the last two SKUs. Yeah, go ahead.

Speaker C: One second. Yeah. I just wanted to say that I have added the me column. What was that on the US File, the dashboard. The May column was missing.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker C: So I added that back.

Speaker B: Okay, thank you. It's just in our dashboard and above the forecast. May was missing, so it's okay.

Speaker A: Okay. The new snacks to go 28 grams for us. We sent 120 units. So what's the plan for that?

Speaker C: Nothing for now, I guess.

Speaker B: When is that supposed to be there? Do we have an assumption of when it will hit?

Speaker A: Yeah, probably in less than 10 days.

Speaker B: 19 days or 10 days.

Speaker A: 10 days. 10 days.

Speaker B: 10 Days. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah,

Speaker B: yeah.

Speaker A: Save to save two weeks, max. Not more than that. Because right now I'm not seeing any delays on Amazon. And based on previous shipments to us. Yeah. They have reached fairly much, fairly in time.

Speaker B: Okay. So, yeah, by the time we. By the time we speak next, like our next cadence of meeting, we'll know more on that new variety item. And if we need to get more moving. Yeah. But we will Barely know more because it'll just be there. Oh, yeah.

Speaker A: Then for the chickpeas variety, also, we sent this week 60 units, bringing our total. Like, we were low on those numbers. Right. So we just sent 60 units for that. But I definitely. We can add some more for next shipping. Probably one month worth more. Like around 20 more.

Speaker B: It won't be a Prime Days item, I don't think, because the reviews, I think, are only three and a half. Right, Brittany?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: No, yeah. So 60 is probably fine.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, then let's just stick to that plan and then, yeah, I'll circle back. Primarily, the more focused area for discussion would be snacks to go Cadence in Canada in terms of the build and different dates. So. Yeah, I'll work on that. Okay.

Speaker B: And it looks like in terms of all those, like, ones that we're filtering out, it looks like you're pretty much done those. Right. Like, there's no breathing. Asins that were like. Except, yeah, like, they're all at zero. That's good. Right? So we've pretty much cleaned up the US Already. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: So I'll just see. It's fine for me to delete these SKUs just for the reporting sake, Soham. Or.

Speaker C: Sure.

Speaker A: Does it take away any of our.

Speaker C: No, nothing will happen unless we. You know, it's better to keep a backup that These are the SKUs and ASINs that we have right now before deleting, so in case we need them in the future, we can refer back to them and even.

Speaker A: Yeah, So I have like. Like multiple reports saved with this format where we can see all the SKU listings and the essence details and everything. But it won't. You won't need anything for historical data, right, Alicia?

Speaker B: As long as historical revenues. Again, I guess the question is saying, where are you deleting this anabap? Because, like, for instance, the three pack fava listing, we just reactivated that. Right.

Speaker A: That was never deleted. So that is why it's setting. But again, I don't want a whole lot of excuse sitting all the time because I have to manually, you know, remove them in my remote reporting each week.

Speaker B: Yeah, like, for sure. The 40 grams are. We're never producing those again. Right. So those for sure can be deleted.

Speaker A: Yeah. So when I say delete, I'll delete it from FBA inventory.

Speaker B: Yes. Okay. Yes. Yes. Yeah.

Speaker C: You know what? These random things keep popping up in my mind just now. What I was thinking is, before deleting, I know we are going to discontinue them, but if we combine these Listings in a way that will add up all the reviews. And I'm wondering, it will be a test if after they're out of stock, if the review count will still stay the same. I mean, the summation of all of these after combining them. So that way we can leverage the existing reviews and ramp up the total number of reviews on some of our listings. Does that make sense? The thing that you just want.

Speaker B: What do you mean? Are you saying that you can take a review from one ASIN and put it to another one?

Speaker C: No, what I mean is if we create a parent asin, for example, with the discontinued items, the reviews are supposed to add up if they're active. So I'm just willing to do a test after they're out of stock, will the reviews still stay or will they be removed from the parent A.C. so if we. If they stay, that will be to our advantage that it will ramp up the number of reviews that we have on some of our listings. That's what I mean.

Speaker B: Oh, I see. So you're saying if they get deleted, we'll lose that.

Speaker C: Yes, yes. So let's do this testing. Let me do this testing first. Let's see what happens if the reviews stay. If they remove them anyway, then we'll just delete them.

Speaker B: Okay, so can you just give us a little more time on that decision and above?

Speaker A: Sure thing. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Just that I keep on getting intimation from Amazon that, hey, you're out of stock. Can you please restock? And it's just random FNSQs, which I don't remember right out of the list. And I'm like, okay, it gives me a mini heart attack. I go back and then check, okay, this is a discontinued one and not a legit one. Right. Because that keeps on coming and orders email, and that's what is done internally. So I just want to clean it as soon as possible. That's it. Nothing else.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Okay. Any other questions for Annaba or Annaba for us? There was one. Okay, so I think the last conversation we had there was some discussion about that new warehousing model in the U.S. does anybody have more information about that or we maybe need more time to gather more information.

Speaker A: I need some more time to gather on that information. But what I observed from last one week shipment was just that one SKU was charged exorbitantly for $600. But again, coming back to the regular cadence, when we did not ship the new skill this week, my pre. My placement fee was just around $130. Like that is the regular trend of charges that I see. But just for that particular SKU, I saw like 600 plus.

Speaker B: Okay. So that's almost like a listing fee of a new sku. It was a warehouse fee, probably because you're adding a new.

Speaker A: You're adding 100.

Speaker B: That's very common. I know. In the grocery game. Yeah. Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: But I'll definitely try to have more insight and.

Speaker B: Okay, no problem.

Speaker A: I'll keep you guys posted about that.

Speaker B: Great. Right. Thanks, Anabh.

Speaker A: Okay, awesome. I'll jump off the call and hope you guys have a good conversation. Thank you.

Speaker B: Have a good day.

Speaker A: Bye.

Speaker B: Bye. Okay, great. So, yeah, that's actually a really. And I guess my question to you, like, how we formed that agenda to kick off with inventory, which allows us to look at basically even sales performance, and that. Is that working for everybody with Annabove?

Speaker C: I think so, yes.

Speaker B: For this meeting. Yeah, I definitely know it works for me. Um, but I just want to make sure we're getting the information we want and that it's valuable information for everybody when we're doing that part.

Speaker A: So.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah, I think it's very important, too, to make sure everything's in stock or at least know what's going on with the inventory.

Speaker B: Yeah. And my takeaway from that, like I mentioned to Annabov, too, is. So we have, just for your information, show home. So we're producing for Canada Club west, and we have two more Costco rotations coming up in the US and the item is this kitted variety pack. So our operational demands, our demand planning on the specific variety pack has increased significantly overnight. And it's a whole new system of kitting because there's like three. So you have to make the inside items and pack the inside items. So we're ramping up our labor. We're moving to 24. 7 on our one snack pack machine to accommodate the volume. So. So that's what he means. Where there's like kind of a cap right now where we at, and we're organizationally structuring to scale that kidding line, I guess, if that's what we call it. Because Costco is moving and Amazon is moving, and they're all in the same item on the same system on the same machine.

Speaker C: That's good.

Speaker B: So it's a good problem to have. But that's what he's saying. That's why we're kind of capped, because someone else is demanding it. But I've put to my leadership agenda, too, to make sure, like, what's the Plan to scale this and how quickly can this start scaling so that we don't run into inventory issues in some of these channels that are really taking off. So yeah, sounds good.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: All right. So.

Speaker B: So yeah, do you want to just kind of do business health, show home and then we can talk about just some of the outstanding items that you're needing from us? Yeah, sure.

Speaker C: So by business Health, would you like to take a look at the dashboard and see how we are doing?

Speaker B: Yeah. And so I always get a good opportunity to pre read of the dashboard and I'll usually try to make sure I bring any of my questions. But for this when you present, what I love to hear from you is, you know, business health. So where we, where are we strong? Where are we maybe weak? Are there any challenges, issues? We have to change our targets and forecast. You know, I know sometimes you bring it in saying, hey, if I had more money, I could do more. So just any of that. Like I know, I know that's always a thing. So yes, any of sort of the business strategy and health, this is your opportunity to say this is what's going well. This is not going well. Yeah, this is what I need. Yeah.

Speaker C: Before I go to that dashboard, you know what, I wanted to discuss this thing with you. So let's say we are growing at a steady pace, right? Let's say we're doing right now $40,000 in total. Let's say just for the sake of this discussion. And we decided that we'll be allocating 10%. That was the assumption. But then in the beginning it was just $3,000. Right now we have agreed to spend 4,000. Good. But instead of having this discussion of how much we'll spend in terms of the fixed amount, what is the challenge when it comes to just specifying the spend in terms of just percentage? So let's say 10% of whatever revenue, if we end up generating 50,000, it will become 5,000 on its own. Like we don't even have to have a discussion regarding that. Is there a problem with that?

Speaker B: So, okay, so what you're saying is where do you have autonomy to increase? Is it based on dollar amount or percentage? So you're basically saying that we're creeping up to 40,000amonth in Canada. And so now you, if it's a 10%, is your allowance now you're spending 4,000. So with that 4,000, now if you start creeping to 48,000 per month, do you have autonomy to start spending 4,800? So does your autonomy, is it the dollar amount capped or the 10%? That's a really good question. Because how I have budgeted in the annual budget is by dollar amount. Because how I budgeted is I said, well, we're doing 40,000 by dollar amount. So that's a really good question. Show home. And I agree with you. You should have the Autonomy of the 10% increase as you grow month over month. So you know that if you're going to hit 50, you're spending five. I, I agree with that. So can you just let me take this to my finance and budget and how I could look at that in my budget? Sure, yeah, yeah. But yeah, I hear what you're saying. That, that, that makes sense that the 10 needs to grow. If it's 10, it needs to grow 10 with the sales. I hear you. Yeah, okay.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: And, and on the same line, I know we agreed to spend 4,000 now, but that extra 1,000 was just for the new variety package. So yeah, I mean, continuing with this same line of discussion.

Speaker B: Oh, now you're trying to justify. When I hear you. I know, because now you're saying there's like, now there's like a budget that should be allocated for launching and building momentum of a new item versus taking from the 10%. Yeah, let me take this. And again, because this plays into my, my total conversation that take to leadership when we're looking at the budget. And it's good timing because actually in June we're doing strategy sessions on all the building blocks for moving into 2026. And E commerce is a channel of its own and Amazon obviously being the hammer in that channel. So this is where the discussion happens and saying E Commerce is a sales pillar in the building blocks. What role can Amazon play in that to really ramp things up? And if Amazon can play that role, what's the cost? And that's where I kind of say I think Amazon could be this, but it's going to cost me this and I need to give minimum 10% as it grows month over month with it. Minimum.

Speaker C: And you know what, since you are going to discuss about this anyway, so I think another discussion that you could add to this is instead of 10%, how much does it make sense for us to allocate towards that? Is it 15% or can we go up to 20% to support our growth?

Speaker B: Are you saying that if it was more than 10% show home, could you grow faster? Like, is that what that would do the result faster?

Speaker C: Yes. I mean, 10% is not the kind of money that brands spend to grow, it's has to be at least 15%. 20% is probably the more acceptable.

Speaker B: 10% is maintain. Yeah, maintain health. 15 to 20 is growth. Is that what you're saying? Yeah. Okay. And. Okay. And this is again perfect timing for this conversation because when I bring it to the sales, because I know operationally what's going to come back at me is going to say, well, meanwhile, I'm also. We're also identifying that we have a bit of a bandwidth gap in how fast we're ramping up this. Kidding. Because if Costco is growing at the same time as Amazon, how are we managing this operational? So basically what they're going to come back and say is say this is great, but timing is really important. So stay at 10 and then we'll be able to scale more in the next three months, then you can move to 15. Because obviously both things have to scale at the same time. So timing will be. So, yes, I think I could definitely get this engine ramping for us. Show home it will just be about the timing.

Speaker C: Yes. And you know what? It's not just me asking for more money. At the same time, I think we need to verify the financials. So I know we are a little bit confused with how it looks on our end in terms of profitability and how much money we're receiving, if it makes sense or not. So we also need to be, you know, feel confident that, yeah, this is accurate. So yeah, if you want to get accurate data, all statements report is the one that you need to look at because that.

Speaker B: And is that the dashboard you showed me that I shared that. Okay, well that breaks out all the fees and the costs and stuff.

Speaker C: Let me show you the report. It will be helpful.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: So if we go to payments and here, if you click on all statements, these are the all statements report. And this is what matters the most. I'll say. And this will not match with the business report if you look at just one month of data. But let's say if you look at six months of data, it will more or less match. So why is this accurate is because you see in these statements are tied to the payouts that you're receiving at your, at the bank account. Right. And if you download this report, you will see exactly which orders are accounted for along with all other expenses, including, let's say some promotions that are done, some coupons that were. That we spent on, including the shipment, whatever we spent on shipping to Amazon. If you are choosing Amazon, Amazon's career Amazon partner carrier advertising. If taxes Collected limited.

Speaker B: It's all columned in there.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker B: Okay. So I have a feeling my, I have a feeling my finance team is in here. But I'm going to make a note because I think there's. What's coming to a head here is I need to know how far finance is because that's a project in the finance department right now is all the different channels and even in some points to customer they are trying to identify what the profitability. So we have an assumption. But E Commerce right now has been second to some of it. So they haven't got there yet. But I'm pushing them to say so where are we at in E Commerce? And I want them to split out Amazon specifically because they also have Costco, CA and Shopify wrapped into that assumption. Yeah. So yes. So let me push them harder on this and maybe I'll ask them to because obviously do you do this all for your other brand show home?

Speaker C: Well, I, it's very simple. You know what, you just download these,

Speaker B: the reports are here. You just have to know where to get them.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. And it's so simple in the sense if you just deduct your cost of goods or whatever off Amazon expense you have, that's your profit. Yeah, very simple.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. So okay. Yeah, I hear you. Let me just try to fast track because yeah, this is again a question I've been asking is saying what does Amazon look like? Because yeah, if I want to hit the, hit it harder. What does that actually mean on the bottom line?

Speaker C: Exactly. So that will help you make the decision. Look, let's say right now you are not feeling confident in spending 15% but if you, after doing this analysis, if it makes sense, you'll feel confident to spend 15% or even 20%. Right. Amazon is generally a very challenging channel. It's not that transparent. So let's see if you feel surprised or if you, if you can, if your assumptions are correct. Let's see.

Speaker B: So what do you, what do you typically see for surprises they'll show home like do, do some brands do this exercise and they're in the fricking negative?

Speaker C: Well, for some, yes. So it really depends on your cost of goods. So I'll say if our cost of goods is somewhere in the range of 20 to 25%, we are going to be okay. Yeah. Because the pack sizes are also okay. It's not very heavy. That's, that's what I'll say. Basically the cost of goods matters a lot. But if it is, let's say 35%. The margin will be really slim.

Speaker B: Yeah. And I think that's, that's where the holdup is with our finance team right now. Because how I mentioned this. Kidding. This, this item is the main Amazon item and it's, it's newer and scaling. So even on the cost of goods, trying to even understand how many can one operator execute on per hour? Like the efficiencies of it, the costs. We just changed packaging people like the cost of goods. So that's I think been the holdup of them trying to the cost of goods to stop moving and to put in an actual target. Yeah, yeah. So yeah, this is, thank you for this conversation. This is very good conversation. It's exactly where I'm thinking about Amazon. So. Yes. Yeah, happy to know you're thinking there too. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Okay, so let's now look at the data.

Speaker B: Yeah. And even I was looking at the dashboards and so I'm happy to know that the US we've kind of rationalized in a big way. So as some of those items zero out. Show home. I know there's zero, but if it's a cleaner look, we can even just delete them out of the dashboard eventually. But Canada, this is Canada we're looking at. Right. So yeah, I was just looking if we're tracking because between, between the month end, like it's one thing to look at the month and say did we hit it or not, but this is our opportunity to look mid month and saying are we on track to what we said we're gonna do or are there issues? Right.

Speaker C: Yeah. First of all, I'll say these data that I'm seeing here, 912 is no different from what I see from the business report. So it's like 901 for April. So I think it may have changed because of some order cancellations or something happened. So I think another way of making sure this is accurate is to do a data refresh at the end of every month to make sure that it's correct. So we'll take care of that. Now I have added some comments. Oh. So this is what I have actually added.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. I reviewed this entire data today and let me just go over the actual, the comments first. So for these roasted chickpeas, we have now lost the buy box. So if you look at the number of sales versus the forecast, we are not going to do 75 minutes for sure.

Speaker B: Right. And we know why though.

Speaker C: Yes, because we lost the buy box.

Speaker B: That freaking item.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: I don't know why.

Speaker D: Insane.

Speaker C: Okay, now do you think it's because

Speaker D: it's so available at retail so people can pick them up? Like, is it going through discount stores?

Speaker C: It's very surprising because you said that we haven't listed this variety pack anywhere else. Just a single flavors.

Speaker B: Just a single flavors. There's no like. And even online it's. We even a shopify our online store, it's single flavors. Well, ca. It's single flavors. The only discounter that actually buys our chickpeas is tjx, which we do. We ship if there's like short shelf life or we have an overstock or something with tjx. And that goes to Winners and Marshalls. Right?

Speaker D: A two pack.

Speaker B: Yeah. So that's the only retailer I could think that is discounting it. They don't sell online. So I don't even know how Amazon is like seeing that. Right.

Speaker C: Like, that's a difficult part.

Speaker B: So weird. And then the only other. Because this is. It's not. And then the only other is. Yeah, if somebody's buying it and reselling it, that we don't know who it. Who they are, why they're buying it. So I'll dig. I'll put this on my sales agenda to dig again with Natasha and Colleen to see if they have any ideas. But that's so brutal because like at the end of the day, if you can't diagnose the issue and Amazon is not, it's like the item just dies. Like.

Speaker C: Yeah,

Speaker B: okay, I'll put it on the. My meeting agenda to have another conversation about what that could be because have we gone show home to Amazon and said, hey, this is not sold anywhere else. We have no idea why.

Speaker C: No, I haven't done that. I think I should add that to my.

Speaker B: Yeah, could we try that? Yeah. Okay. Okay.

Speaker C: All right. Okay, so now let's jump to the next one, which is some of the items are. Are out of stock, but still we have forecasted that we will sell, for example, this one. And I don't think we are going to send these. So how about we change the forecast to zero from May?

Speaker B: Yes. Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. I just didn't want to do it on my own. I just want to discuss with you before. Before I change any of the numbers.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker C: All right. So the same for the lentil. Oh, oh, okay. So for this one, it's out of stock and I'm not sure when we're going to. It's going to be available. So I wonder if we should also adjust the forecast for that reason.

Speaker B: Yeah, definitely zero out. May well, you could zero out. Obviously, we didn't sell any in March or April, too. But the forecast is the forecast now. But. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: Okay, I see. Which one? Okay. Yeah, now this one. And it's taking a long time for them to receive the Variety pack in both marketplaces. So.

Speaker B: I know. I think it just because we just produced for that, though, over the last one seven to ten days. So. Because. Yeah, basically what we're asking, like. I'm just trying to ask the question of, like, what is the timeline from when we. When we say we need something to it getting in the schedule and it's shipping? Like, is it like.

Speaker C: Yeah, it's uncertain. That's the first answer I'd say. But Anuva probably will be able to give you better idea. But it's uncertain. Sometimes it's just a week. If it is a nearby warehouse and how busy it is, that's also another factor. And it could be even one month. It could even one and a half months if it is really busy.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. So because this will be that thing, like, once this gets in and starts live, like, hopefully within the first week or two of its life, we can make some assumptions to make sure that it gets in. We can make some assumptions on what we need to fulfill to keep the momentum. Because what I don't want to do is it goes like this and then we. We didn't keep up with fulfilling and it comes back down. Right.

Speaker C: So how about I make this like, I just. I'll just move this to one month forward. So 35 will be for June and whatever we have. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. All right.

Speaker C: Okay. That one is done. And this one. Yeah, the oil. I think we're not going to do anything in May. Definitely not. It's still something under.

Speaker A: Yeah, we're planning.

Speaker C: So I'll just delete that.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. Now if we want to review the others for. This one is fine. I think the forecast is zero. We still. Why did it. Why is it zero? We sold six units, so so far we expected that you will.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And these are the ones that are kind of like, oh, and by the way, I have highlighted Variety pack.

Speaker C: I have highlighted the ones that will discontinue in gray.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah.

Speaker A: Good plan.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: All right. So all of these three will be discontinued. May we are. We are going to sell more than what we expected for this item. That is going to be discontinued for this one. I think it's. It's going to do almost 900 units at this rate. Not 940. But let's see.

Speaker B: Yeah. Do you feel like why did it. Do you feel like it's slower?

Speaker C: It is. It is. It. It was slow towards the end of April and also the beginning of May. Now it has caught up again. So let's see if it continues and yeah, I'm working on the ads too. Let's see.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: For this one we're definitely going to meet the target last month and it's discontinued so it doesn't really matter. Whatever it does does for this one again, it doesn't really matter again, you know, unless you want to look into. Will meet the forecast anyway and doesn't matter. This one is. It looks like it's a bit slow. I'm not sure if I discussed about this. No, the lentils variety pack. It's a bit slow. Slower than what we expected. We expected to grow more. So maybe I'll just add a note.

Speaker B: Well, it kind of is looking like because we're midway through May, it's looking overall like May is going to be soft to April. Why would that be?

Speaker C: It's until 13th and so not really exactly the. The meetup. May. I'll say it. It will be. It's okay. I'll see. It will be. Overall revenue will be less than what we did in March for sure because many of the items are being discontinued. Right. As you see.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: Especially in the US we just have one item available there. Yeah.

Speaker D: Right.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. Now this one, we discussed this one. This is definitely on track. If you you notice, it will probably do about 124 units at this pace. I was doing the math and this one doesn't matter. This one really is. Nothing's happening for this one. This is something we already discussed. We also discussed this one. We also discussed this one.

Speaker B: Okay, perfect. Okay.

Speaker C: So for the US Unfortunately I had to restored to a previous version. So all the comments that I added are gone.

Speaker B: Okay, that's fine.

Speaker C: But really here nothing much is happening except for the only. Yes, that is the only one that is available. So let's look at that for a second. It will grow at this pace. Phase. Let's say we have done 32 units, 31 days, about 76 units. And I hope that will. It will increase. So that's where we are. And we need to adjust the forecast for this one, by the way. So I'll add a comment there. Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. And how about. So I guess one of the two items, the two items in terms of pages you've been working on is Camelina oil and the new Snacks to Go. So new Snacks to Go is ready. It's done. I saw that on your. Your April commission. So you don't need anything from us on that item. And Camelina, I think Brittany just delivered some updated images, maybe tweaking a few more, but otherwise.

Speaker C: So let me give you that update for Camelina. I have updated the images, the issue copy and also upload the video along with the A plus content. So it's there already. Oh, sorry, not the A content. We didn't do the A. The old A content. Stay for the new snack to Go. I believe Britney is working on those with the graphic designer and we'll update them when they are complete.

Speaker B: The. Which one?

Speaker D: Sorry? The new ones.

Speaker C: The new one. New Snack to Go.

Speaker D: I think you. You have all of those ones.

Speaker C: I know you sent me some, but did you also revise them according to the new copy? Because I read like I made some changes right after I delivered the new Snack to Go ideas. The A plus content and the image copy. Did you revisit those images? I don't know.

Speaker D: I thought our last email was. I did make those versions and sent them back. I'll double check your emails though. It was an email, obviously. Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker C: So that is the update.

Speaker D: Speaking of images, can I ask you one question that I saw brand do?

Speaker C: Sure.

Speaker D: I want to know your thoughts on. So this is an. This is in dot com. This bean veto, which I actually had never vivo had heard of. But they're putting that macros claim right there.

Speaker B: Interesting.

Speaker D: And they have this little three pack

Speaker C: sign that is automated. That is from Amazon. But seven gram is from them.

Speaker B: Seven grams is from amp. Oh, from the brand.

Speaker D: So you see it says. The one in the corner says three pack right here.

Speaker C: Yeah, but that is from Amazon because it's search.

Speaker B: That is from Amazon.

Speaker C: Yeah, I hope so. I think so because Amazon does that. But seven gram is something they have definitely done.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: So I'm curious if we should try this.

Speaker C: We should try that.

Speaker D: So I might get that done and then just send it to you. And if it works, it works because. Alicia, what do you think about that?

Speaker B: Yeah, I think those are great images

Speaker D: and they're bidding against us. Like this is typing in three farmers and they're coming up as sponsored.

Speaker C: Okay, I see.

Speaker B: So yeah, that's definitely. I don't know what your competitor set is their show home for bean snacks. But they're definitely. They're. They're starting to just have more of a presence in Canada.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker C: We'll work on someone definitely.

Speaker B: To add and make sure. Yeah, make sure. We're kind of competing with that. Yes.

Speaker D: However, they're showing them like this. Interesting.

Speaker C: You know what? Alyssa and Brittany, I have to go, but there are a few more things. I'll just. I'll look at these things that you showed Brittany. And one more thing. Brittany also worked on the video ads. I have already recorded this feedback video. Hopefully that's helpful. Yeah, I look forward to that one and start utilizing that for our video ads.

Speaker B: Sounds good.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: All right, we'll chat soon. Show home.

Speaker C: Yeah, I think that's all I had from my end, too. Thank you so much.

Speaker D: Thank you. Alicia, will you stick on for a second?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: Bye now.

Speaker B: Bye. Have a good day.

Speaker C: You too.

