Transcript for: Recording__1105.mp4
Title: Recording #1105
============================================================

Well, things are good. How about you? Yeah, pretty good, man. You're out in Canada, right? Yeah, I am in Canada. I'm in Toronto. Okay, cool. I'm in Virginia. Yeah. About 20 minutes from Washington D.C. oh, I see. So you're on the west. Yeah, well, east coast. Right, okay, I see. Yeah. Yeah. All right, man, so tell me what's going on. Well, I sent you the agenda. There are three things I would like to know. I am looking forward to doing one hair transplant maybe. Okay. I mean, I'm just preparing ahead of time. So the process begins now. I need to look for a good clinic and doctor and I'm from India. So that's why when I mentioned sent to the agent, I mentioned if I can find somebody in India, that would be great. Right. Cost effective and also great. And apart from that, the second thing was if I need to look for a doctor or clinic on my. What are the things I should ask? So how do I vet one good doctor or clinic? The third thing is basically any other suggestion you. Yeah. Okay, so the first thing, let's go ahead and talk about the medication and then we'll go into like the different doctors and then kind of like some of the things that we can look for in a good reputable hair transfer clinic and the doctor. So on the form you fill out that you're only taking minoxidil, right? Is that correct? Once a day. Not taking. It's a topical one. Topical. Okay. Topical, 5% once a day. Okay. So before you even consider getting a hair transplant, you need to be on a hair loss medication that is going to treat the root cause of hair loss. So minoxidil is not going to do anything in terms of your androgens because we know that DHD is the main cause of genetic hair loss. Right. So you need to take something that's going to slow down the further progression of hair loss. Because if you, if you don't get on hair loss treatments and you get a hair transplant, there's really no point because you're still going to continue losing hair. Right. So you want to treat the root cause of hair loss before you consider getting a hair transplant. The best medications that we have currently available is, I'm sure you've heard of finasteride or dutasteride. So there are five alpha.5 alpha reductus inhibitors. They block the conversion of testosterone converting into dht and DHT is the main cause of hair loss. So the first thing that you really need to do is to get on finasteride or Dutasteride do test right is much more potent. It's a stronger version of finasteride. It's kind of like the souped up version of finasteride. So I would recommend dutasteride, oral dutasteride in your case, because given your age and the current stage of hair loss going on, it's a little bit more of the kind of moderate to severe form of hair loss, given your age. And is your, is your, is your father or brothers, if you have any brothers? Are they like, what, do they have hair loss as well or. It's on my mom's side, so. My mom's side. Okay. Your uncles are bald. Okay. Yeah. So I would really look into dutasteride. Normally they take about 0.5 milligrams of the test. Right. Once a day. And that should really slow down further progression of hair loss. So I would look into that. Continue taking minoxidil, 5%. It's recommended that you do twice a day because it doesn't really have a long half life. And it's even better if you are able to take the oral version because some people, when they take topical versions of minoxidil, they might not have sufficient levels of certain enzymes to convert minoxidil into minoxidil sulfate. So a lot of people, like, even if they take topical minoxidil, if they don't have the enzyme that enables them to convert it, it's going to be pointless. But the good thing about oral minoxidil is that it's going to. You're ingesting something, so it's actually being metabolized by the liver. And so it's going to be far more effective to take oral minoxidil as opposed to taking topical. So those two medications I would highly recommend that you look into and you can get it from your dermatologist or maybe your primary care doctor. You can also get it online. I believe in Canada you can look for oral and oral to test. Right. And minoxidil. So just getting that out there Right. Before you even consider getting hair transplant. Yeah. So do you have any questions about medications? Well, one question is about the side effect. Not a minoxidil, but the other ones that you suggested, one, I mean, I consulted, it was a long time ago. I asked my family doctor here if I should go ahead with that. Suggested if. If it's taken long term, it may be bad for your prostate. So that's one concern. Yeah. Are you talking about finasteride or do test right. Finasteride yeah, finasteride. Obviously you're altering your hormonal profile. So you're basically, you know, you're converting, you're preventing the conversion of testosterone into dht. Right? So anytime you take like finasteride or detasteride, you want to get baseline blood work done. Because some people who are, let's say, like borderline high levels of estrogen, like normal high levels of estrogen, when you're taking finasteride or any 5AR inhibitor, it's going to elevate levels of estrogen. So some people that are kind of like on high levels, if you take finasteride, it might low or it might make it a little bit more higher and that might actually cause certain side effects. You know, something like gynecomastia. A lot of people sometimes, you know, they get like larger, like breasts because of side effects. So I recommend that you take blood work to get kind of like a baseline of where your testosterone levels, your estrogen, your, your, your DH levels just so that you kind of have like an idea of where they're at. So as long as they kind of like fit in the, the normal range of like DHT or testosterone or estrogen, you're going to be okay. It's just certain people, there's a small percentage. Right. Anytime you take any type of drugs, there's always going to be side effects. But you can read a lot of literature on finasteride and detasteride. I think around it's like 5 to 7% of people end up getting side effects and they're usually going to be like sexual dysfunction. Some people have like, you know, like low libido. Other people talk about like brain fog. So those are kind of some things that you do want to kind of keep in the back of your mind. But the majority of the people that are taking, you know, five AR inhibitors, they're not gonna have any side effects. So in my case, like I've been taking, I started off taking finasteride and then I switched over to, to test. Right. 0.5 milligrams. And so far for the past, I want to say like seven, eight years, I haven't had any side effects. And most people that are, that are going to take it are not going to have any side effects. And in the event where you do have side effects, you can also look into topical versions of finasteride into tax. Right. So that's better than not taking it at all. Right? Okay. So there's always, you know, oral if you're not, if you're not you know, fully comfortable with the oral medication, you can look into topical, and they're readily available in Canada. So if you just do like a quick Google search, you can easily find the topical versions as well. Got it. Okay. Yeah. And then oral Minoxidil, if you have any, like, heart problems or, you know, high blood pressure or anything like that, those are kind of some things that you want to talk to your, your doctor before you take in it. Because, you know, oral minoxidil is a hypertension drug. Right. It, it lowers the, the blood pressure. So if you have anything with, you know, like blood pressure issues, anything like that, heart, you know, cardiac issues, and you always want to talk to a doctor, but the majority of the people, they're not going to get any side effects. So I wouldn't worry too much about that. But, you know, you still do want to read into kind of like literature just to kind of see some of the potential side effects because, you know, it can also depend on each person, too. So it's patient. Got it. Yeah. Okay. So as far as doctors, there's, there's a few in India. So I don't know if you've heard of a clinic called Eugenics. I have. Yeah. Okay. So at Eugenics, there's two doctors, there's a female doctor named Dr. Bansol, and there's doctor. I forgot his first name, but it's Dr. Sethi. So there's two doctors there. Eugenics, any clinic that you look into, you're always going to find, you know, bad reviews, you know, good reviews, mediocre reviews. But Eugenics, I've done some research on it. I've seen some people's work as far as their, you know, like before and after, you know, like hair transportation. So they seem to be a pretty reputable clinic in India. And a lot of people that opt to get a hair transplant in India usually go to Eugenics. And as far as price range, the last time I checked, I think it was around maybe like $4 a graft. $4 or $5, that can change. So that's expensive, isn't it? Yeah, yeah, it's, it's a really reputable clinic. So usually when you think about like, you know, like India or Turkey, it's going to be a lot cheaper. Right. But this is one of the more reputable clinics and I think the price has gone up a little bit compared to what I last checked maybe a year or two ago. But you can also get, like, consultations with them. Right. So you can send them some photos and Then they can kind of give you like a guesstimate of how many graphs that you might need. If you're planning on maybe like keeping the same, I guess, like the length of where the hairline is. I wouldn't recommend you go down any further just because in your case, there's going to be a lot of grass that you're going to need. Right. And when I, when I looked at the photos that you sent me, it seems like you don't have, like the ideal donor area because I see some thinning also on the sides. And then I know that you're also kind of receding on the hairline and also the crown area. Right. You're losing hair on the top as well. So in your case, I'll probably look around maybe like 4 to 5,000 graphs to really get some, like, decent coverage. The one good thing about eugenics is they also use body hair, so you have a good amount of like, beard hair. So they can use that to kind of reinforce the density and they can use the donor hair in the back to rebuild your hairline. Because, you know, obviously when you're talking about like scalp hair versus beard hair, the texture and characteristics can be really different. Right. It's going to be a lot more. And a lot of these, like single grafts on your beard are going to be a lot thicker. So you don't want to use that for the hairline. You want to focus on adding more density into the mid scalp and then the crown area and then using the donor hairs in the back of your scalp for the hairline. So in your case, I think if you really want a lot of good density, I would probably look into maybe like 4, 4 to 5,000 grafts. So that's one good clinic that you can look into. They're pretty active in social media, so if you go on like YouTube or Instagram, you can look at a lot of before and after photos. And you know, one of the main things that's probably really important is the hairline. Right. So you want to make sure you look at the hairline. You want to make sure a clinic utilizes single grafts. Right. One good, one good question to ask is if they use a microscope. And the importance of a microscope is because you want to distinguish, distinguish single grafts. So you can have single grafts taken from the back of the scalp. You can also have single halves, single grafts from the side of the hair, but they might differ in diameter. Right. The thickness in the back is going to be a lot more thicker compared to the Hairs on the sides or even like the nape area, which is a lot more softer. So if a clinic doesn't use a microscope to really sort out the different graph sizes, it's going to look unnatural because if you use the single graphs on the back of the scalp into the hairline, it's going to look way too thick, at least the front. Right. So you want to utilize a clinic that uses microscopes. So that's another good question to ask. I believe Eugenics uses microscopes, but you want to double check on that. Sorry about the noise. Just give me one second. It's. That's my kid. Just give me one second. Let me see if I can tell my wife to. Yeah. So have you done some research with eugenics? Have you looked into some of their. No, I just know their name, that's all. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So, yeah, that's. That's one clinic that you can really look into. If I would recommend. Yeah, yeah. Like if I were to, if I were to go to India, I would probably go with Eugenics. They're really good, reputable clinic and I've seen some good results. Another good Clinic is with doctor. Dr. Palakirthi and I could share. Yeah. After the session I'm gonna. I'll send you all the information so you can kind of look up the doctors. Helicopter is another really good, reputable doctor. There's a lot of people that talk about this clinic. Like, if you go to like hair loss forums or even like, like Reddit subpage. Have you heard of like Tress list? It's like a. It's like a. It's like a. It's like a page dedicated for treating hair loss. So a lot of people post like their before and after results. So palate is another good doctor. And then one other doctor that I would recommend is Dr. Sunit Soni. Okay. Those three doctors with eugenics, I would recommend. Are you open to any other clinics outside of India? Yeah, Turkey could be another one. Turkey. Okay. So I've actually worked with previously with Cosmetica, Dr. Levant Ajar, and they're one of the clinics that actually utilizes microscopes as well. So they're able to sort out the singles, depending on the size. And I've actually went there, I think it's about a year and a half ago. Yeah, so I went there about a year and a half ago. And then, you know, like, even with like India and Turkey, they have like different tiers or sometimes you have like a lot of the technicians that usually do a lot of the Work because it's a lot cheaper. If you pay a little bit more, then you have some interaction and involvement with the doctor. So they also have different tiers. So I would recommend, like, if you were to go to Turkey at Cosmetica, I would stick with the one where the doctor actually does a lot of the extractions and the. In the incisions. Right. India and Turkey, the doctor is not going to be 100 involved in the procedure. Right. Unless you go to a clinic that actually. I mean, there are certain clinics that do that. Right. But if you also kind of want to consider it to be, like, more cost effective, then you probably want to go to a clinic that actually uses a combination of both, where the technician, usually once the doctor makes incisions, the technicians would actually fill in the incisions with the grafts. Right. So it's more important for the doctor to do the incisions because I think most the clinics aren't going to have the technicians do that because it's very important as far as, like, angle placement and where you create the slits. Right. And also with extractions, another good clinic in Turkey would be Dr. Corey Erdogan. He's also another really good doctor that really kind of mastered the hairline. And they're all going to be under about, like, anywhere like Turkey is going to be. If you go to Cosmetica, it's probably gonna cost around like, 5 to $6,000. And then you also factor in, like, flight tickets, which is probably just gonna be like another, I don't know, maybe like a thousand or so. Yeah, yeah. Right. From Canada. Right? Yeah. But the thing is, I'll do it on my way to India. I'll go to India anyway. Okay. Yeah. You know, that would be a little bit cost effective. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So there's Turkey. If you consider, like, South Korea, where I got it done, I paid around. I think it was maybe like 350 per graft. And that's with your FUE. Right. So I've probably had around. I had two hair transplants, so each. Each one was around, like, I want to say around 16 to 1700 graphs. And so if you're looking in terms of like, four, let's say, like, for you, like, if you need 4,000 graphs, that's probably going to be costing you, I don't know, maybe close to, like, 10,000, 12,000 around there. Got it. Okay. But it's expensive because there's a lot of graphs that you're probably going to need to really get that coverage as opposed to, like, you Know, if you only need like 2,3000 graphs, and obviously it can be a lot cheaper. But the good thing about like Turkey is a lot of the clinics, like, they give you like, if you give you like a package or if you have like 4,000 graphs. If you go over 4,000, anything additional is like, like an extra like 500. So it's definitely a lot cheaper if you consider, like turkey from like a price standpoint. Okay. And if you wanted to do it? Well, I guess I looked up one other clinic in Netherlands. They're really good, but they're like really expensive. So. Yeah, I'll probably not even mention that to you. It's like $80,000 USD. But yeah, yeah, the results are really good, but it's far too expensive and most people, they're not going to, you know, consider that much. So I think for your case, given the number of grass that you're probably going to need, I think India or Turkey would probably be your best bet. So eugenics is really good. And you're asking what are some of the questions that you probably want to ask a clinic? Right, right, right. Yeah. Before you go there, for India, all the doctors names that you gave me were for eugenics. I'm sorry, what's that? All the doctors names. You gave me some doctor's name. So they work with eugenics. So Dr. Banso and then Sethi are the ones that work at eugenics. Okay. The other doctors work at different clinics. Got it, yeah. And so the importance is to work with those specific doctors rather than focusing on the clinic. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, I mean, those. Dr. Bancel and Dr. Sethi work at Eugenics. So if you research eugenics, I would, I would probably go with Dr. Sethi as opposed to Dr. Bancel just because Dr. Sethi has more experience and he specializes more in the hairline. But I mean, both are pretty reputable doctors and you can't really go wrong whether you go with Dr. Banso or Dr. Sethi. But personal choice, I would probably go with Dr. Sethi. Yeah. And then. Yeah, okay. No, now I was going to ask you about some of the questions that you can ask. Yeah, yeah. One of the main questions that I would probably ask if I were to get a hair transplant in India or Turkey is figuring out how much interaction the doctor plays in. In the, in the surgery. Right. Like you want to ask, like, what does the doctor actually do during the procedure? Like, does he create the slits? Does he do the extractions? Does he do the implantation? You know, how involved is he in the process. Right. And also you want to talk about the technicians because the technicians are the ones that are usually implanting the grafts. Some clinics might use them to do the extraction. So you want to figure out exactly what involvement the technicians and also the doctor place in a hair transplantation. You also want to ask what the, what their experience is. Right. The technician, everyone will say that they have a good experience. How do I judge them? Right. Well, I mean, yeah, if you talk about that then I guess like it's, it's their word, right. There's no way to verify that, but I think one of the more reputable clinics would actually go into detail and then be, you know, they'd be able to tell you like, hey, you know, our master technicians here have like, you know, five or ten years of experience. They go through different trainings in order for them to become technicians as opposed to like, oh, you know, like all of our technicians have, you know, they have a lot of experience. Right. Something broad like that you probably want to question because you know, you want to, you want to get as much information as you can about the technicians because they also play a huge part. Sorry, one follow up question for the involvement. What would be a satisfactory level of involvement for the doctor? Can you repeat that question again? Well, no, I was going to ask like what is the satisfactory level of interview involvement I would expect from the doctor? Definitely. At least extractions and the slits. Right. Because one of the main issues with harvesting a lot of grass from the back of the scalp is you don't want to, you don't want somebody to over harvest. Right. Especially when you're talking about like these mega sessions where they're taking like 4,000, 5,000 graphs. If you don't have a skilled technician or doctor that does extractions, it's going to look really bad because it's going to look like it's over harvested and then after everything heals up, it's going to look very see through and then, you know, kind of like the moth eaten look. Right. So you want to make sure that the doctor at least does extractions and also the incisions because incisions are going to be what's going to dictate where the graphs are going to go. Right. They're basically making all these holes and also making all the angles and slits. So if you, if you don't have a slit that has a proper angle cut, your hair is going to be pointing in like weird random directions when it grows out. So that's kind of like very important. Also, you know, I've talked about the microscope, ask about the microscope, how they, how, how they actually utilize the grafts to rebuild a hairline. Right. Like, are they going to use the nape hairs which are very soft? Like nape hairs are kind of like the hairs on the way bottom of like, kind of like the neck area where it's very soft and thin and you kind of want to make like a, like a feathery type of hairline. Right. You don't want to have like all these thick grass in the front, all of their staples, right? Yeah. So those are kind of like some of the things that I would ask for. Let me see, what are the questions would be good? Yeah, I think those are, those two are kind of like the major, like, like the major questions. And then I think anything else would be like, you know, obviously you know what their experience is. One of the one thing that you can actually do is you can look at their before and after photos and they really kind of look at the hairline and see how natural it looks. Right. A lot of clinics, if you look at the hairline, like that's, that's one of the main dead giveaways of a hair transplant. Like, like for me, like if I look at someone's hairline, I can tell whether they've had a hair transplant or not. And it's those good clinics where like it's, you know, like it's very hard to tell. Right. Because the graphs are very soft in the front and the hairline design is very natural. It's not too straight, it's more feathery. You never want like a linear, you know, like a straight horizontal type of hairline because that's going to look very unnatural. So those are kind of like some of the things that you can kind of look at when you look at before and after photos. And you can also ask for like density, like how dense are they going to input the graphs per centimeter squared. Right. So that's, that's also dependent though on how thick your hair is. So depending on like if your hair is a lot more thicker compared to like the, you know, like I guess the average Joe, you're not going to need as much density per centimeter squared. So that's kind of like another question that you might want to ask as far as, you know, like density wise, because density is also important and if it's not dense enough, then you know it's going to look very see through. Right. I would also recommend that you reach out to at least three different clinics and get different quotes from them. Because one doc, you know, one clinic might say, hey, you only need 3,000. And then another clinic might be like, hey, you need like 6,000. So you're, you're gonna wonder like, where's, you know, why is one clinic saying I need 3,000 versus another saying I need, you know, another 3,000 on top of that? So it's kind of good to kind of get like a different perspective from different doctors. And then that way you can kind of figure out kind of like a, like a ballpark estimate of how many graphs I might need. But that's also dependent on, you know, what type of hairline that you want, how much density that you want. But because of the fact that you're going to need to rebuild the hairline. And then also kind of like mid scalp and some of the crown area. And also if you're using beard hair, I'm probably guessing around maybe like 4, 4 to 5,000, maybe 4 to maybe 4,000 to 4,500 grass. But the good thing is, you know, all of these clings, they utilize body hair transfers as well. So that's going to come to your advantage because I feel like you're not going to have enough here. And if you just use your hair on the back of the scalp, it might over harvest it. So if you use beard hair in addition to your scalp hair, I think that's really going to make a big impact as far as density. So this beard here will probably go somewhere in the middle to build the density, right? Not in the front. Yeah, yeah. Because the beard hair is very coarse, it's not going to look natural. Although usually when you take beard hair and implanted into scalp hair, they, they tend to generally take the characteristics of scalp there, but not all the time. So you never want to have a clinic that utilizes body hair transplants into the hairline because it can, it can either be too thick or too curly. It's not going to look natural. So you want to use that to kind of reinforce the density in the mid scalp and also kind of like the crown area. Got it. Okay. Yeah. Is there something else that you'd like to mention? I mean, as far as like the procedure, it's pretty straightforward. It's, you go there, you probably want to spend at least like, you know, three or four days at the clinic or at least within that vicinity of the area. Because after the procedure, the next day, or, you know, maybe like the next two days, you're probably going to go back, do a wash and then if you have Any issues, you're. You're already there to speak with the doctor. So plan on staying for at least, I want to say, at least like three to four days. So, I mean, if you go to India, I'd probably. The first thing that I'd probably want to do is get the hair transplant and then stay there because it takes about. It takes about, I want to say, about three to four days for the hairs to fully anchor permanently. So if anything were to happen before then, you have access to the clinic to go back and then, you know, resolve whatever issues that you're having. Right. And then after that, it's just a waiting game. Like after the procedure, it takes about three to four months for the hairs to start growing out. Before the hairs grow out, they're all going to fall out, right? They're all going to fall out. And then it takes about three to four months to start seeing, like, initial growth. So it's kind of like grass, right? You keep on watering it. It's. You start seeing like the hair sprout out. And then it's going to take upwards to, I want to say about 11 to 12 months to kind of see the, the final results. So as far as hair transplant standpoint, like, that's, it's pretty straightforward. The one thing that, that I would highly recommend that you do is to make sure you're consistent with your treatment. Because, like, if you get on finasteride to test for right now, at least for like the next, like, you know, five, six months before your hair transplant, you're really going to stabilize your, your further progression of hair loss. Right. If you don't take it, there's also a chance of you losing more hair because of shock loss. And shock loss is when there's trauma to the surrounding native areas. Right. So like the, the hairs that you have right here. Right. Obviously, when you get a hair transplant, there's going to be a lot of grafts that's going to be surrounding it. If that hair is not protected from the effects of DHD and for miniaturization, there's a good chance that you might lose that area. So you want to make sure to take finasteride toasteride, make sure to straighten the hairs that you have so that even if you were to get a hair transplant, it's going to increase the chances of you from getting shock loss. But you know what, Aaron, the time's up, but I would like to. I had three more big questions. Can I ask? Yeah, yeah, yeah, no worries. Yeah, yeah, go for them. So Simply. Okay, so the method that we go is going to be the FU method of course. And I was reading about something else. It's called nano microtechnic. That important here. I've heard of it. I'm not too familiar with it. I think most clinics utilize either FPV or dhi. FU is where you know, you extract it using the extractor tool and then they get forceps and they just implanted. Another good method that they use is dhi which is like direct hair, direct transportation. They kind of use this thing called a choi pen. So once they extract the graft, they load it in kind of like this pen and they just kind of like squeeze it out. So that's also another good technique because it kind of, it can also kind of protect the graphs from you know, like the outside environment. And then it kind of like gives it kind of like a protection where you're not really using forceps. But it really comes down to the skill of the dog. Right. Like some doctors, you know, they, they spill, they specialize in F fue, some doctor specialize in dhi. There's no right or wrong method. For me. I've actually got the FUE method where they use the forceps and they put in each slit and everything turned out fine. So I wouldn't worry too much about the technique. But most clinics in Turkey and India they, they use FUE or dhi. Yeah. One follow up question about the that they will use. I have heard that there are titanium based or some different material they use. Is that an important factor? Which material? I mean the, the tool that they use. Is there like titanium based or something like that? Is that an important thing? From what I've noticed, it doesn't really make a difference. Like some people they use, they call it like a sapphire method or they use like the, the blades. It's like a different type of like I guess like diamond type of like I guess like some people claim like oh, like for example with a sapphire blade. Right. I know that, I know that certain clinics in Turkey use something known as like a micro sapphire blade. And they claim that it has like anti microbial like properties which helps reduce like bacterial infection, it helps with like the swelling. But there's really no science behind it. And I think it's just more of like a marketing technique where you know, if they say like hey, you know, we use this like sapphire blade where it's going to result in faster healing time, then of course you know, people are going to be like oh, okay, you know, like maybe I Should use this as opposed to like the traditional regular, you know, whatever blade that they use. Right. So. Yeah, yeah, I wouldn't, I wouldn't really focus on that too much. Got it. Last question. So after they do that, they, I think temporarily, they also need to store it somewhere, the graphs. So they just use. They need to temporarily store it somewhere. Like a liquid or something. Yeah, yeah. So they put it, they usually put it in like a saline solution because you don't want the grass from drying out, but they're pretty quick. Like, after they, they make all the, what is it, the, the extractions, they're going to get like these four sets. They're going to pull everything out and then they're going to place it on kind of like a petri dish with saline solution in them. And that's going to kind of keep it like, cool and then also kind of help. The longevity of these graphs, I believe they can survive up to a couple hours. So you don't have to worry about like, as far as, like, oh, the graphs are going to be, you know, that they're going to like, you know, like, die or wither or whatever. But I think most clinics utilize sailing solutions and there's really no science behind like, oh, you know, one clinic is using like this different type of like liquid or solution that, that actually makes it more beneficial. Okay, so that really doesn't matter. Yeah, yeah, got it. Okay, that's all, that's all the questions that I had. All right, man. Yeah. If you have any more questions, feel free to email me. I'm gonna, I'm gonna send you a list of some of the doctors that I would recommend. So what you can do is you can look at each doctor in the clinic and then kind of look at their, their work and then reach out to them. Some clinics might charge you like, a small fee for like a consultation, but I think most clinics, it should be complimentary. You don't have to pay for anything. And that's going to give you kind of like a ballpark estimate of how many graphs you need and then like, you know, cost wise. And then if you decide to pull the trigger, let me know. If you want to look into a different doctor and you want to ask me and get my opinion, feel free to email me with a doctor and I can give you my opinion on that. But, but yeah, man, keep me posted. And important thing is make sure to get on treatment, get, get on Dutaster or Finasteride and then, you know, get on it before, you know, a few months before you get your hair transferred because you really want to stabilize hair loss and you really want to minimize potential shock loss. Do you also write to me the name of the third medicine that you. I probably don't remember. Oh, the medication. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, It's. Yeah, I'll make sure to send it to, to the email along with the list of the doctors. But yeah, in case you forget, it's finasteride or dutasteride and then oral minoxidil. And I'll also throw in some other stuff that you can add as kind of like a, kind of like a secondary recommendation treatments to kind of help aid. But the primary treatments, you know, would be like dutasteride and minoxidil. But yeah, man, it was a pleasure speaking with you. Yeah, go ahead. And yeah, if you have any other questions, feel free to email me and then keep me posted on which direction that you're going to go with if you end up. Thank you so much, Aaron. Yeah, man, I may have to book another consultation with you later on. Yeah, no worries, man. Yeah, reach out anytime. All right. Yeah. All right, man. Take care. Bye. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Well, things are good. How about you?

Speaker B: Yeah, pretty good, man. You're out in Canada, right?

Speaker A: Yeah, I am in Canada. I'm in Toronto.

Speaker B: Okay, cool. I'm in Virginia. Yeah. About 20 minutes from Washington D.C. oh, I see.

Speaker A: So you're on the west.

Speaker B: Yeah, well, east coast.

Speaker A: Right, okay, I see.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. All right, man, so tell me what's going on.

Speaker A: Well, I sent you the agenda. There are three things I would like to know. I am looking forward to doing one hair transplant maybe.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I mean, I'm just preparing ahead of time. So the process begins now. I need to look for a good clinic and doctor and I'm from India. So that's why when I mentioned sent to the agent, I mentioned if I can find somebody in India, that would be great.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Cost effective and also great. And apart from that, the second thing was if I need to look for a doctor or clinic on my. What are the things I should ask? So how do I vet one good doctor or clinic? The third thing is basically any other suggestion you.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, so the first thing, let's go ahead and talk about the medication and then we'll go into like the different doctors and then kind of like some of the things that we can look for in a good reputable hair transfer clinic and the doctor. So on the form you fill out that you're only taking minoxidil, right? Is that correct? Once a day.

Speaker A: Not taking. It's a topical one.

Speaker B: Topical. Okay. Topical, 5% once a day. Okay. So before you even consider getting a hair transplant, you need to be on a hair loss medication that is going to treat the root cause of hair loss. So minoxidil is not going to do anything in terms of your androgens because we know that DHD is the main cause of genetic hair loss. Right. So you need to take something that's going to slow down the further progression of hair loss. Because if you, if you don't get on hair loss treatments and you get a hair transplant, there's really no point because you're still going to continue losing hair. Right. So you want to treat the root cause of hair loss before you consider getting a hair transplant. The best medications that we have currently available is, I'm sure you've heard of finasteride or dutasteride. So there are five alpha.5 alpha reductus inhibitors. They block the conversion of testosterone converting into dht and DHT is the main cause of hair loss. So the first thing that you really need to do is to get on finasteride or Dutasteride do test right is much more potent. It's a stronger version of finasteride. It's kind of like the souped up version of finasteride. So I would recommend dutasteride, oral dutasteride in your case, because given your age and the current stage of hair loss going on, it's a little bit more of the kind of moderate to severe form of hair loss, given your age. And is your, is your, is your father or brothers, if you have any brothers? Are they like, what, do they have hair loss as well or.

Speaker A: It's on my mom's side, so. My mom's side.

Speaker B: Okay. Your uncles are bald. Okay. Yeah. So I would really look into dutasteride. Normally they take about 0.5 milligrams of the test. Right. Once a day. And that should really slow down further progression of hair loss. So I would look into that. Continue taking minoxidil, 5%. It's recommended that you do twice a day because it doesn't really have a long half life. And it's even better if you are able to take the oral version because some people, when they take topical versions of minoxidil, they might not have sufficient levels of certain enzymes to convert minoxidil into minoxidil sulfate. So a lot of people, like, even if they take topical minoxidil, if they don't have the enzyme that enables them to convert it, it's going to be pointless. But the good thing about oral minoxidil is that it's going to. You're ingesting something, so it's actually being metabolized by the liver. And so it's going to be far more effective to take oral minoxidil as opposed to taking topical. So those two medications I would highly recommend that you look into and you can get it from your dermatologist or maybe your primary care doctor. You can also get it online. I believe in Canada you can look for oral and oral to test. Right. And minoxidil. So just getting that out there Right. Before you even consider getting hair transplant. Yeah. So do you have any questions about medications?

Speaker A: Well, one question is about the side effect. Not a minoxidil, but the other ones that you suggested, one, I mean, I consulted, it was a long time ago. I asked my family doctor here if I should go ahead with that. Suggested if. If it's taken long term, it may be bad for your prostate. So that's one concern.

Speaker B: Yeah. Are you talking about finasteride or do test right. Finasteride yeah, finasteride. Obviously you're altering your hormonal profile. So you're basically, you know, you're converting, you're preventing the conversion of testosterone into dht. Right? So anytime you take like finasteride or detasteride, you want to get baseline blood work done. Because some people who are, let's say, like borderline high levels of estrogen, like normal high levels of estrogen, when you're taking finasteride or any 5AR inhibitor, it's going to elevate levels of estrogen. So some people that are kind of like on high levels, if you take finasteride, it might low or it might make it a little bit more higher and that might actually cause certain side effects. You know, something like gynecomastia. A lot of people sometimes, you know, they get like larger, like breasts because of side effects. So I recommend that you take blood work to get kind of like a baseline of where your testosterone levels, your estrogen, your, your, your DH levels just so that you kind of have like an idea of where they're at. So as long as they kind of like fit in the, the normal range of like DHT or testosterone or estrogen, you're going to be okay. It's just certain people, there's a small percentage. Right. Anytime you take any type of drugs, there's always going to be side effects. But you can read a lot of literature on finasteride and detasteride. I think around it's like 5 to 7% of people end up getting side effects and they're usually going to be like sexual dysfunction. Some people have like, you know, like low libido. Other people talk about like brain fog. So those are kind of some things that you do want to kind of keep in the back of your mind. But the majority of the people that are taking, you know, five AR inhibitors, they're not gonna have any side effects. So in my case, like I've been taking, I started off taking finasteride and then I switched over to, to test. Right. 0.5 milligrams. And so far for the past, I want to say like seven, eight years, I haven't had any side effects. And most people that are, that are going to take it are not going to have any side effects. And in the event where you do have side effects, you can also look into topical versions of finasteride into tax. Right. So that's better than not taking it at all. Right? Okay. So there's always, you know, oral if you're not, if you're not you know, fully comfortable with the oral medication, you can look into topical, and they're readily available in Canada. So if you just do like a quick Google search, you can easily find the topical versions as well.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. And then oral Minoxidil, if you have any, like, heart problems or, you know, high blood pressure or anything like that, those are kind of some things that you want to talk to your, your doctor before you take in it. Because, you know, oral minoxidil is a hypertension drug. Right. It, it lowers the, the blood pressure. So if you have anything with, you know, like blood pressure issues, anything like that, heart, you know, cardiac issues, and you always want to talk to a doctor, but the majority of the people, they're not going to get any side effects. So I wouldn't worry too much about that. But, you know, you still do want to read into kind of like literature just to kind of see some of the potential side effects because, you know, it can also depend on each person, too. So it's patient.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. So as far as doctors, there's, there's a few in India. So I don't know if you've heard of a clinic called Eugenics.

Speaker A: I have. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. So at Eugenics, there's two doctors, there's a female doctor named Dr. Bansol, and there's doctor. I forgot his first name, but it's Dr. Sethi. So there's two doctors there. Eugenics, any clinic that you look into, you're always going to find, you know, bad reviews, you know, good reviews, mediocre reviews. But Eugenics, I've done some research on it. I've seen some people's work as far as their, you know, like before and after, you know, like hair transportation. So they seem to be a pretty reputable clinic in India. And a lot of people that opt to get a hair transplant in India usually go to Eugenics. And as far as price range, the last time I checked, I think it was around maybe like $4 a graft. $4 or $5, that can change.

Speaker A: So that's expensive, isn't it?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, it's, it's a really reputable clinic. So usually when you think about like, you know, like India or Turkey, it's going to be a lot cheaper. Right. But this is one of the more reputable clinics and I think the price has gone up a little bit compared to what I last checked maybe a year or two ago. But you can also get, like, consultations with them. Right. So you can send them some photos and Then they can kind of give you like a guesstimate of how many graphs that you might need. If you're planning on maybe like keeping the same, I guess, like the length of where the hairline is. I wouldn't recommend you go down any further just because in your case, there's going to be a lot of grass that you're going to need. Right. And when I, when I looked at the photos that you sent me, it seems like you don't have, like the ideal donor area because I see some thinning also on the sides. And then I know that you're also kind of receding on the hairline and also the crown area. Right. You're losing hair on the top as well. So in your case, I'll probably look around maybe like 4 to 5,000 graphs to really get some, like, decent coverage. The one good thing about eugenics is they also use body hair, so you have a good amount of like, beard hair. So they can use that to kind of reinforce the density and they can use the donor hair in the back to rebuild your hairline. Because, you know, obviously when you're talking about like scalp hair versus beard hair, the texture and characteristics can be really different. Right. It's going to be a lot more. And a lot of these, like single grafts on your beard are going to be a lot thicker. So you don't want to use that for the hairline. You want to focus on adding more density into the mid scalp and then the crown area and then using the donor hairs in the back of your scalp for the hairline. So in your case, I think if you really want a lot of good density, I would probably look into maybe like 4, 4 to 5,000 grafts. So that's one good clinic that you can look into. They're pretty active in social media, so if you go on like YouTube or Instagram, you can look at a lot of before and after photos. And you know, one of the main things that's probably really important is the hairline. Right. So you want to make sure you look at the hairline. You want to make sure a clinic utilizes single grafts. Right. One good, one good question to ask is if they use a microscope. And the importance of a microscope is because you want to distinguish, distinguish single grafts. So you can have single grafts taken from the back of the scalp. You can also have single halves, single grafts from the side of the hair, but they might differ in diameter. Right. The thickness in the back is going to be a lot more thicker compared to the Hairs on the sides or even like the nape area, which is a lot more softer. So if a clinic doesn't use a microscope to really sort out the different graph sizes, it's going to look unnatural because if you use the single graphs on the back of the scalp into the hairline, it's going to look way too thick, at least the front. Right. So you want to utilize a clinic that uses microscopes. So that's another good question to ask. I believe Eugenics uses microscopes, but you want to double check on that. Sorry about the noise. Just give me one second. It's. That's my kid. Just give me one second. Let me see if I can tell my wife to. Yeah. So have you done some research with eugenics? Have you looked into some of their.

Speaker A: No, I just know their name, that's all.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So, yeah, that's. That's one clinic that you can really look into. If I would recommend. Yeah, yeah. Like if I were to, if I were to go to India, I would probably go with Eugenics. They're really good, reputable clinic and I've seen some good results. Another good Clinic is with doctor. Dr. Palakirthi and I could share. Yeah. After the session I'm gonna. I'll send you all the information so you can kind of look up the doctors. Helicopter is another really good, reputable doctor. There's a lot of people that talk about this clinic. Like, if you go to like hair loss forums or even like, like Reddit subpage. Have you heard of like Tress list? It's like a. It's like a. It's like a. It's like a page dedicated for treating hair loss. So a lot of people post like their before and after results. So palate is another good doctor. And then one other doctor that I would recommend is Dr. Sunit Soni. Okay. Those three doctors with eugenics, I would recommend. Are you open to any other clinics outside of India?

Speaker A: Yeah, Turkey could be another one.

Speaker B: Turkey. Okay. So I've actually worked with previously with Cosmetica, Dr. Levant Ajar, and they're one of the clinics that actually utilizes microscopes as well. So they're able to sort out the singles, depending on the size. And I've actually went there, I think it's about a year and a half ago. Yeah, so I went there about a year and a half ago. And then, you know, like, even with like India and Turkey, they have like different tiers or sometimes you have like a lot of the technicians that usually do a lot of the Work because it's a lot cheaper. If you pay a little bit more, then you have some interaction and involvement with the doctor. So they also have different tiers. So I would recommend, like, if you were to go to Turkey at Cosmetica, I would stick with the one where the doctor actually does a lot of the extractions and the. In the incisions. Right. India and Turkey, the doctor is not going to be 100 involved in the procedure. Right. Unless you go to a clinic that actually. I mean, there are certain clinics that do that. Right. But if you also kind of want to consider it to be, like, more cost effective, then you probably want to go to a clinic that actually uses a combination of both, where the technician, usually once the doctor makes incisions, the technicians would actually fill in the incisions with the grafts. Right. So it's more important for the doctor to do the incisions because I think most the clinics aren't going to have the technicians do that because it's very important as far as, like, angle placement and where you create the slits. Right. And also with extractions, another good clinic in Turkey would be Dr. Corey Erdogan. He's also another really good doctor that really kind of mastered the hairline. And they're all going to be under about, like, anywhere like Turkey is going to be. If you go to Cosmetica, it's probably gonna cost around like, 5 to $6,000. And then you also factor in, like, flight tickets, which is probably just gonna be like another, I don't know, maybe like a thousand or so.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Right. From Canada. Right? Yeah.

Speaker A: But the thing is, I'll do it on my way to India. I'll go to India anyway.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: You know, that would be a little bit cost effective.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So there's Turkey. If you consider, like, South Korea, where I got it done, I paid around. I think it was maybe like 350 per graft. And that's with your FUE. Right. So I've probably had around. I had two hair transplants, so each. Each one was around, like, I want to say around 16 to 1700 graphs. And so if you're looking in terms of like, four, let's say, like, for you, like, if you need 4,000 graphs, that's probably going to be costing you, I don't know, maybe close to, like, 10,000, 12,000 around there.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay.

Speaker B: But it's expensive because there's a lot of graphs that you're probably going to need to really get that coverage

Speaker A: as

Speaker B: opposed to, like, you Know, if you only need like 2,3000 graphs, and obviously it can be a lot cheaper. But the good thing about like Turkey is a lot of the clinics, like, they give you like, if you give you like a package or if you have like 4,000 graphs. If you go over 4,000, anything additional is like, like an extra like 500. So it's definitely a lot cheaper if you consider, like turkey from like a price standpoint.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And if you wanted to do it? Well, I guess I looked up one other clinic in Netherlands. They're really good, but they're like really expensive. So. Yeah, I'll probably not even mention that to you. It's like $80,000 USD. But yeah, yeah, the results are really good, but it's far too expensive and most people, they're not going to, you know, consider that much. So I think for your case, given the number of grass that you're probably going to need, I think India or Turkey would probably be your best bet. So eugenics is really good. And you're asking what are some of the questions that you probably want to ask a clinic?

Speaker A: Right, right, right. Yeah. Before you go there, for India, all the doctors names that you gave me were for eugenics.

Speaker B: I'm sorry, what's that? All the doctors names.

Speaker A: You gave me some doctor's name. So they work with eugenics.

Speaker B: So Dr. Banso and then Sethi are the ones that work at eugenics. Okay. The other doctors work at different clinics.

Speaker A: Got it, yeah. And so the importance is to work with those specific doctors rather than focusing on the clinic.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, I mean, those. Dr. Bancel and Dr. Sethi work at Eugenics. So if you research eugenics, I would, I would probably go with Dr. Sethi as opposed to Dr. Bancel just because Dr. Sethi has more experience and he specializes more in the hairline. But I mean, both are pretty reputable doctors and you can't really go wrong whether you go with Dr. Banso or Dr. Sethi. But personal choice, I would probably go with Dr. Sethi. Yeah. And then. Yeah, okay.

Speaker A: No, now I was going to ask you about some of the questions that you can ask.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. One of the main questions that I would probably ask if I were to get a hair transplant in India or Turkey is figuring out how much interaction the doctor plays in. In the, in the surgery. Right. Like you want to ask, like, what does the doctor actually do during the procedure? Like, does he create the slits? Does he do the extractions? Does he do the implantation? You know, how involved is he in the process. Right. And also you want to talk about the technicians because the technicians are the ones that are usually implanting the grafts. Some clinics might use them to do the extraction. So you want to figure out exactly what involvement the technicians and also the doctor place in a hair transplantation. You also want to ask what the, what their experience is. Right.

Speaker A: The technician, everyone will say that they have a good experience. How do I judge them?

Speaker B: Right. Well, I mean, yeah, if you talk about that then I guess like it's, it's their word, right. There's no way to verify that, but I think one of the more reputable clinics would actually go into detail and then be, you know, they'd be able to tell you like, hey, you know, our master technicians here have like, you know, five or ten years of experience. They go through different trainings in order for them to become technicians as opposed to like, oh, you know, like all of our technicians have, you know, they have a lot of experience. Right. Something broad like that you probably want to question because you know, you want to, you want to get as much information as you can about the technicians because they also play a huge part.

Speaker A: Sorry, one follow up question for the involvement. What would be a satisfactory level of involvement for the doctor?

Speaker B: Can you repeat that question again?

Speaker A: Well, no, I was going to ask like what is the satisfactory level of interview involvement I would expect from the doctor?

Speaker B: Definitely. At least extractions and the slits. Right. Because one of the main issues with harvesting a lot of grass from the back of the scalp is you don't want to, you don't want somebody to over harvest. Right. Especially when you're talking about like these mega sessions where they're taking like 4,000, 5,000 graphs. If you don't have a skilled technician or doctor that does extractions, it's going to look really bad because it's going to look like it's over harvested and then after everything heals up, it's going to look very see through and then, you know, kind of like the moth eaten look. Right. So you want to make sure that the doctor at least does extractions and also the incisions because incisions are going to be what's going to dictate where the graphs are going to go. Right. They're basically making all these holes and also making all the angles and slits. So if you, if you don't have a slit that has a proper angle cut, your hair is going to be pointing in like weird random directions when it grows out. So that's kind of like very important. Also, you know, I've talked about the microscope, ask about the microscope, how they, how, how they actually utilize the grafts to rebuild a hairline. Right. Like, are they going to use the nape hairs which are very soft? Like nape hairs are kind of like the hairs on the way bottom of like, kind of like the neck area where it's very soft and thin and you kind of want to make like a, like a feathery type of hairline. Right. You don't want to have like all these thick grass in the front, all of their staples, right? Yeah. So those are kind of like some of the things that I would ask for. Let me see, what are the questions would be good? Yeah, I think those are, those two are kind of like the major, like, like the major questions. And then I think anything else would be like, you know, obviously you know what their experience is. One of the one thing that you can actually do is you can look at their before and after photos and they really kind of look at the hairline and see how natural it looks. Right. A lot of clinics, if you look at the hairline, like that's, that's one of the main dead giveaways of a hair transplant. Like, like for me, like if I look at someone's hairline, I can tell whether they've had a hair transplant or not. And it's those good clinics where like it's, you know, like it's very hard to tell. Right. Because the graphs are very soft in the front and the hairline design is very natural. It's not too straight, it's more feathery. You never want like a linear, you know, like a straight horizontal type of hairline because that's going to look very unnatural. So those are kind of like some of the things that you can kind of look at when you look at before and after photos. And you can also ask for like density, like how dense are they going to input the graphs per centimeter squared. Right. So that's, that's also dependent though on how thick your hair is. So depending on like if your hair is a lot more thicker compared to like the, you know, like I guess the average Joe, you're not going to need as much density per centimeter squared. So that's kind of like another question that you might want to ask as far as, you know, like density wise, because density is also important and if it's not dense enough, then you know it's going to look very see through. Right. I would also recommend that you reach out to at least three different clinics and get different quotes from them. Because one doc, you know, one clinic might say, hey, you only need 3,000. And then another clinic might be like, hey, you need like 6,000. So you're, you're gonna wonder like, where's, you know, why is one clinic saying I need 3,000 versus another saying I need, you know, another 3,000 on top of that? So it's kind of good to kind of get like a different perspective from different doctors. And then that way you can kind of figure out kind of like a, like a ballpark estimate of how many graphs I might need. But that's also dependent on, you know, what type of hairline that you want, how much density that you want. But because of the fact that you're going to need to rebuild the hairline. And then also kind of like mid scalp and some of the crown area. And also if you're using beard hair, I'm probably guessing around maybe like 4, 4 to 5,000, maybe 4 to maybe 4,000 to 4,500 grass. But the good thing is, you know, all of these clings, they utilize body hair transfers as well. So that's going to come to your advantage because I feel like you're not going to have enough here. And if you just use your hair on the back of the scalp, it might over harvest it. So if you use beard hair in addition to your scalp hair, I think that's really going to make a big impact as far as density.

Speaker A: So this beard here will probably go somewhere in the middle to build the density, right? Not in the front.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Because the beard hair is very coarse, it's not going to look natural. Although usually when you take beard hair and implanted into scalp hair, they, they tend to generally take the characteristics of scalp there, but not all the time. So you never want to have a clinic that utilizes body hair transplants into the hairline because it can, it can either be too thick or too curly. It's not going to look natural. So you want to use that to kind of reinforce the density in the mid scalp and also kind of like the crown area. Got it.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Is there something else that you'd like to mention?

Speaker B: I mean, as far as like the procedure, it's pretty straightforward. It's, you go there, you probably want to spend at least like, you know, three or four days at the clinic or at least within that vicinity of the area. Because after the procedure, the next day, or, you know, maybe like the next two days, you're probably going to go back, do a wash and then if you have Any issues, you're. You're already there to speak with the doctor. So plan on staying for at least, I want to say, at least like three to four days. So, I mean, if you go to India, I'd probably. The first thing that I'd probably want to do is get the hair transplant and then stay there because it takes about. It takes about, I want to say, about three to four days for the hairs to fully anchor permanently. So if anything were to happen before then, you have access to the clinic to go back and then, you know, resolve whatever issues that you're having. Right. And then after that, it's just a waiting game. Like after the procedure, it takes about three to four months for the hairs to start growing out. Before the hairs grow out, they're all going to fall out, right? They're all going to fall out. And then it takes about three to four months to start seeing, like, initial growth. So it's kind of like grass, right? You keep on watering it. It's. You start seeing like the hair sprout out. And then it's going to take upwards to, I want to say about 11 to 12 months to kind of see the, the final results. So as far as hair transplant standpoint, like, that's, it's pretty straightforward. The one thing that, that I would highly recommend that you do is to make sure you're consistent with your treatment. Because, like, if you get on finasteride to test for right now, at least for like the next, like, you know, five, six months before your hair transplant, you're really going to stabilize your, your further progression of hair loss. Right. If you don't take it, there's also a chance of you losing more hair because of shock loss. And shock loss is when there's trauma to the surrounding native areas. Right. So like the, the hairs that you have right here. Right. Obviously, when you get a hair transplant, there's going to be a lot of grafts that's going to be surrounding it. If that hair is not protected from the effects of DHD and for miniaturization, there's a good chance that you might lose that area. So you want to make sure to take finasteride toasteride, make sure to straighten the hairs that you have so that even if you were to get a hair transplant, it's going to increase the chances of you from getting shock loss.

Speaker A: But you know what, Aaron, the time's up, but I would like to. I had three more big questions. Can I ask?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, no worries. Yeah, yeah, go for them.

Speaker A: So Simply. Okay, so the method that we go is going to be the FU method of course. And I was reading about something else. It's called nano microtechnic. That important here.

Speaker B: I've heard of it. I'm not too familiar with it. I think most clinics utilize either FPV or dhi. FU is where you know, you extract it using the extractor tool and then they get forceps and they just implanted. Another good method that they use is dhi which is like direct hair, direct transportation. They kind of use this thing called a choi pen. So once they extract the graft, they load it in kind of like this pen and they just kind of like squeeze it out. So that's also another good technique because it kind of, it can also kind of protect the graphs from you know, like the outside environment. And then it kind of like gives it kind of like a protection where you're not really using forceps. But it really comes down to the skill of the dog. Right. Like some doctors, you know, they, they spill, they specialize in F fue, some doctor specialize in dhi. There's no right or wrong method. For me. I've actually got the FUE method where they use the forceps and they put in each slit and everything turned out fine. So I wouldn't worry too much about the technique. But most clinics in Turkey and India they, they use FUE or dhi. Yeah.

Speaker A: One follow up question about the that they will use. I have heard that there are titanium based or some different material they use. Is that an important factor?

Speaker B: Which material?

Speaker A: I mean the, the tool that they use. Is there like titanium based or something like that? Is that an important thing?

Speaker B: From what I've noticed, it doesn't really make a difference. Like some people they use, they call it like a sapphire method or they use like the, the blades. It's like a different type of like I guess like diamond type of like I guess like some people claim like oh, like for example with a sapphire blade. Right. I know that, I know that certain clinics in Turkey use something known as like a micro sapphire blade. And they claim that it has like anti microbial like properties which helps reduce like bacterial infection, it helps with like the swelling. But there's really no science behind it. And I think it's just more of like a marketing technique where you know, if they say like hey, you know, we use this like sapphire blade where it's going to result in faster healing time, then of course you know, people are going to be like oh, okay, you know, like maybe I Should use this as opposed to like the traditional regular, you know, whatever blade that they use. Right. So. Yeah, yeah, I wouldn't, I wouldn't really focus on that too much. Got it.

Speaker A: Last question. So after they do that, they, I think temporarily, they also need to store it somewhere, the graphs.

Speaker B: So they just use.

Speaker A: They need to temporarily store it somewhere. Like a liquid or something.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. So they put it, they usually put it in like a saline solution because you don't want the grass from drying out, but they're pretty quick. Like, after they, they make all the, what is it, the, the extractions, they're going to get like these four sets. They're going to pull everything out and then they're going to place it on kind of like a petri dish with saline solution in them. And that's going to kind of keep it like, cool and then also kind of help. The longevity of these graphs, I believe they can survive up to a couple hours. So you don't have to worry about like, as far as, like, oh, the graphs are going to be, you know, that they're going to like, you know, like, die or wither or whatever. But I think most clinics utilize sailing solutions and there's really no science behind like, oh, you know, one clinic is using like this different type of like liquid or solution that, that actually makes it more beneficial.

Speaker A: Okay, so that really doesn't matter.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, got it.

Speaker A: Okay, that's all, that's all the questions that I had.

Speaker B: All right, man. Yeah. If you have any more questions, feel free to email me. I'm gonna, I'm gonna send you a list of some of the doctors that I would recommend. So what you can do is you can look at each doctor in the clinic and then kind of look at their, their work and then reach out to them. Some clinics might charge you like, a small fee for like a consultation, but I think most clinics, it should be complimentary. You don't have to pay for anything. And that's going to give you kind of like a ballpark estimate of how many graphs you need and then like, you know, cost wise. And then if you decide to pull the trigger, let me know. If you want to look into a different doctor and you want to ask me and get my opinion, feel free to email me with a doctor and I can give you my opinion on that. But, but yeah, man, keep me posted. And important thing is make sure to get on treatment, get, get on Dutaster or Finasteride and then, you know, get on it before, you know, a few months before you get your hair transferred because you really want to stabilize hair loss and you really want to minimize potential shock loss.

Speaker A: Do you also write to me the name of the third medicine that you. I probably don't remember.

Speaker B: Oh, the medication. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, It's. Yeah, I'll make sure to send it to, to the email along with the list of the doctors. But yeah, in case you forget, it's finasteride or dutasteride and then oral minoxidil. And I'll also throw in some other stuff that you can add as kind of like a, kind of like a secondary recommendation treatments to kind of help aid. But the primary treatments, you know, would be like dutasteride and minoxidil. But yeah, man, it was a pleasure speaking with you. Yeah, go ahead. And yeah, if you have any other questions, feel free to email me and then keep me posted on which direction that you're going to go with if you end up.

Speaker A: Thank you so much, Aaron.

Speaker B: Yeah, man, I may have to book

Speaker A: another consultation with you later on.

Speaker B: Yeah, no worries, man. Yeah, reach out anytime. All right.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: All right, man. Take care. Bye. Bye.

