Transcript for: Recording__159.mp4
Title: Recording #159
============================================================

We have protein snack mixes. 500 units in transit. Got it. So those are two important things coming out. Okay. So sorry, I should start taking notes. Sorry. My team has frozen five times trying to open that notebook. Five liter, you said? Back in stock. Five meters is back in stock. So let me show it to you here. So it shows available 16. So we sent total 20 units to them. And some are in transit between warehouses and completely available at 16. And some are in customer order or transit between warehouses. So total 20 units is what we sent via UPS. We last 121 20. No, just 20. 20. Okay. I was like, oh, guys. Yeah. Okay. And then you said protein snack mixes. Protein snack mixes. This would be the protein snack mixes. So inbound is 500. Right. So I have reviewed the numbers. Let's just go one by one. How about that? Sure. So what I'll do is. Let me hide this. And also. Hi, Erin. How are you? Good. How are you? Good, good. Let's not let the boys talk about their boy talk. Gotta get some words in. Yeah. Women instead. Just kidding. I don't care. Okay. Why? Oh, that is why it was not working. Why is that? Grouping is not coming here option. Okay. Oh, yeah. Okay. Perfect. Awesome. Okay. So for power variety pack for Canada's, we have 33 units a month. Traction, including everything. Including transit, we have like 86 units in total. So recommendation as per max for three months, number would be 13, which would be super weird number. So I thought, why to keep at 13, just build 30 and make it a little healthy for even to pack for packing purposes. Right? Yeah. Then lettuce variety pack. We are completely out of stock for sea salt in Canada. So that SKU is not happening. So once we are out, would you plan to take it off Amazon and deactivate it or what's your plan? I think the discussion we started last time was if we should swap the sea salt with another flavor. Right. Brittany, that was. That was favas. Dill pickled favas replaced with sea salt. Favas. Yeah. Yeah. So that's. Yeah. For the favas. Yes. For the lentils. Alicia hadn't decided yet, but we need to. She was thinking, like, what if it's a three pack of just barbecue? Which sort of goes against our strategy because we don't have another one, do we? We have barbecue and sea salt, garlic and herb. But I believe that's also getting phased out. I believe. Right? Yeah. Like, there's no other new brand. The only lentil we really have is barbecue. Other than toppers. Yeah, other than Toppers Yeah, I've been. Yes. So it's either a three pack barbecue or it's nothing. I think is. Then we, how many do we have left? You said we have, we have 81. 81. Including everything that was shipped, 81 left. Let me explain. That'll be like my biggest action item with Alicia I think is if we're selling how many. So 48 was sold in the last month. Yeah, yeah. So if we have two months essentially, well not even a month and a half left, what's our game plan and then show home. If we did decide to move to a three pack barbecue, would we start a new SKU or what would you recommend? Well no, we could just replace, I mean change things on this listing and say it's a backup three barbecue. But then another thing that I, another topic that I brought up was how these listings don't generate, generate much profit. So how about if we really needed to create a new sku, we consider the pack size. So maybe instead of selling a pack of three, a pack of five or pack of six, we have to do the math and you know, we have to look at the unit economics on Amazon and see what makes sense. And also to avoid a buy box issue, what are the strategies we could use? So for example, if we go for let's say a backup six, how can we make it look different versus Amazon recognizing it as a six pack up just barbecue and then them comparing with the part unit price somewhere else. Yeah, I am sure that it will. No, I mean that's what I'm thinking. How can I avoid that? Let's say if we for example for the snack to go, we have an outer package. So if we can confuse Amazon with an outer package like that one and then put all five or six bags inside it. So I'm thinking of trying things like that so that we can resolve the buy box issue. If we really need to change this. I'm very, I don't know what you think of you, but I'm very positive Alicia would just say hey, then scrap it. There's no way they're going to, she's going to order different packaging. Yeah, I'm also under the same information but again yeah, yeah. If, if Soham is able to convince to change our decision then yeah, well no, this is just a proposal. So if it makes sense for the business then we can do. Yeah, Maybe we'll prepare to just phase this out. I'm, I'm guessing. So I'll come back to next meeting. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. So that was the lentils. So I'll leave it to you guys till I'm back by 5th of April. And if there is any development in between then. Yeah, keep me posted. And for the two pack oil, so you remember Johan, we tried to went heavy in last couple runs. So right now we have including everything in transit, there are 308 units of two pack oil available is 180. And then there is in between fulfillment standard transfers of 112. So the total units is 308. And it doesn't ask me anything to replenish for now. But do you think there is a need for anything? No, I think it's fine. But anything coming out of this meeting is for production plan for the week for the following week. Not the next week, but the following week. So that would be for the week of 16th of March. Got it. Okay. But you know only this. Wherever I see FC transfers at higher number that makes me a bit nervous. Like I still believe that customers can book it, right? Yeah, they can, but the date is not immediate. It will not get delivered quickly. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, then we have chickpea's yt pack. So against a number of 55 and three months. So and total units including transit is 128. So I should send something close to 40 is what my plan is. Yeah, sounds good. Then snack mixes. So I sent 500. So the challenge with snack mixes Soham is that our priority is give to the retail business of Canada and then for Amazon. So we have been playing by the year of sales director depending on how allocation moves. So for example, we got a big commitment from Loblaws for new commitments. So once we were able to allocate those then we switched to. Then we planned to make 500 units and shipped it out. So I cannot promise like it has to be reviewed with Neil with sales what the plan is. But what numbers do you recommend? I Recommend we send 500 more. You, you were, you were suggesting on 500 to 800. Now you are making a thousand. Well, you're making it more challenging for me. Yeah, well, no, I do see the potential. So at this current pace, without doing anything at all, it should do more than 200 units a month. And if we then, let's say really start advertising and then also participate in the promos, which is something I'm going to discuss later in this meeting. I think it should scale and our goal is to scale it to 500 to 600 units a month eventually. And this is the best time until let's say August is the best time to scale this product. After then that things will slow down because there are some moving pieces around the planning for protein snack mixes because there are three key ingredients. Ppuffs, pretzels and power crisps. Right. For protein snack mixes along with our powers. So and those have a certain timeline of arrival. So I am having one shipment that is literally being pegged this week for arrival in next eight days. So depending upon, you know, and then we have Costco rotation commitments as well. That is a bigger consumption of course like that the most. Sorry, how, how do I want to put it? So the biggest demand is from Costco rotation orders followed by some of the larger chunk of retail business of Canadian side of customers. So I, I would have to. I won't be able to comment on 500 but again in terms of production it doesn't look likely to happen the week after probably it could be a couple weeks from now. Yes, we are going to be running more next week at the end of next week. But we need those for roadshow and stuff like that as well. So. Yeah, yeah. There is roadshow also happening. Yeah. Okay. So how many would be reasonable and when do you think we can reasonably produce it for Amazon? We would have to review to be frank. And of course there are multiple factors governing this. I will capture your input for now that you are anticipating that you can. But how about a software shipment in my next run? Sure, let's say if you can do that now, how many would you be able to do? Probably 150 to 200 units. Sure, let's do whatever you can do. And then my content was coming maybe. So what I will do is I just capture my notes on your. So your recommendation is to do 500 more. Units and by when do you see or anticipate a monthly 500 and how many months from now? That's the time. Let's say if we are having stock, let's say by July or August. I mean it's such a wild guess but it will take a few months. So eventually from we are right now at let's say 150ish. And then we'll plan to scale it to 500 by August. That will be the maximum this year. Okay. So Aaron, for now I've just added those comments and then when, whenever Neil and Colleen discusses then just throw him these numbers and then we need to come up with a production plan and then see how much we can fulfill and inform Medisha and Suham about it. Okay then. Chickpeas variety pack. Oh sorry. Snacks to go. 15 grams. We had a monthly of 520 roughly. And including everything in transit, we have 1500. That one is all right. Okay, I do zero here. I'll put 500, but I'll put a red on this one. We have to review this one. Okay. Then snack to go. 28 grams. Yeah. This one we are doing. Great. Question for you, Soham. Why we don't see description of 15 grams on 28 grams on Amazon descriptions it just shows pack of 18 pack or 35. But that 28 grams, 15 grams, those don't appear in my item description in Amazon. The by description do. Which one are you referring to? So for example, this is my current description. Yes. Oh, okay. The title. Okay. It's probably not in the title, which is why you don't see it, but it should be, right? Yeah. Right. So we'll, we'll look into that. Okay. Okay. So this one at this, this one is. This is true for those 15 grams and 28. So neither of the descriptions appear. So the 1 for 30 pack, it is 15 grams, but I know it is 15 grams, but the description doesn't. Okay. Brittany, could you make a note for that? I. I'll make a note for that. Yeah, because they're, they're mostly for SEO, right? Like that's how show home built them. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I also, I complain to Alicia because whenever she asks us a quick question, I show her how those titles look in the back end because I might, I'm like, I can't quickly see anything because it's like three farmers protein dinner. Like. Yeah, so I see, I see. Okay. And when I do the mapping in commerce, those have 15 grams or 28 grams. And sometimes when you match you, you do kind of get lost if, let's say if you're coming back to this working seat after a long time and trying to fix some codes. But yeah. Anyways, okay, so for this 28 gram snap pack, 18 pack. Recommendation is for 400, but the numbers on next ago. So what do you have? So what I see right now, based on the current velocity, it's really picking up. And we can do close to 1350 to 1380 units a month at this space. And I hope that we will continue doing that. So let's say another 800 units. 2,000 units would be my recommendation for this one. So final Recommendation, I'm putting 800 to 1000. We'll need to review our 28 gram stock and our bags and etc. As well. Yeah, we all admit that show Home has the worst job because you can't do your job unless we give you inventory. And we are always like no, not the priority. So just for everyone's understanding, my initial recommendation appears in recommended column and then whatever we are discussing it appears in the final recommendation column and then we have some notes. And what I can do is after the meeting I can circulate this with everyone. Okay, back in the box. So question concerns here. I'm not getting oil supplies. So the new supplier was doing the boxes. He broke our die printer and they got severely delayed. And because of those I was not able to get commitment from oil manufacturer because I didn't have a date when the boxes are going to be ready. So now when I had a timeline now the oil supplier saying that they are unable to crush the oil until beginning of next month. So currently my inventory is limited for distribution because my primary sales channel is just Ecom, Shopify and Amazon for those five little bits. So depending upon. So I can have a quick look on how many units we are having right now. Just give me one quick sec. 5 database. So we are having around 67 units in stock. Right. So we have to watch and maybe if needed decide on a timing when we need to pause the sale on these. I didn't see any movement in large one week it is 67 still. I don't see any demand in last one week. But sometimes when it gets pushed suddenly it's out of like 30 units a week. I've seen at times. So the movement is very sporadic on these on E Comm Special, especially Shopify. So good thing is we are not putting this on sale so there won't be a big traction on them. But we have to be watchful of what we decide to send next to Amazon. So you think 20 units is going to take us for some while or do you want to replenish? Well at the current rate you can see it should last about two months. We have also started advertising mind you, so that two months could be, could be a delimiting factor cause we were out of stock for 10 days. Right. So sales won't be captured in your historical data. So in 2 cents that won't be the number. But again I want to go soft on Amazon. I can send some maybe 10 units but in two to three weeks from now, not before that. Would that be fine? Yeah, that would be great actually if you can send 10, but maybe in next three weeks, not immediately. Okay, we are going to have another meeting in the meantime. After two weeks. Oh yeah, yeah. For sure. Yeah. But I'm just saying because I'm just putting my piece of thought here before I leave for my vacation. So. Yeah. So do you want me to add that comment Aaron, or would you be discussing it? Yeah, why don't you add a comment in there? So it recommended a 7. So I would say 10. But I would say. Why it's not good. Plan tentatively in three weeks. And what date should I put week of 20th is it let me see week of 23rd. But yeah, again you guys will be reviewing in the mid. So. Yeah. So I think the only biggest thing is coming out of this meeting is the snacks to go and we are doing some run on Chickpeas variety pack and power variety pack. But we have to check the stuff for Power variety pack sea salt also. Right. So I'll make a comment for that check see salt fava stock status. Do you want to check for now how much is it for which one? Sorry? C. Soft power. Even though I'm recommending but I should have. Oh, sorry. So I'm having about 110 cases as of now. We can still make this Amazon. Yeah. As long as you make a quick reservation before someone gets their hands onto it. Yeah. Once we finalize I'll make sure I. Okay. I think this can be done. But I have seen some changes. Let's say for csoft lentils. I made a plan for next week but by the time I got into allocation stage everything was gone because we got some customer order. Okay. And they did a complete pull. So standard time. But we'll keep you posted. Awesome. Yeah, sounds good. Okay. So that was Amazon Canada then coming to Amazon us. Okay. Okay. In my recommendation list nothing comes up for planning for us. Yeah, it looks good but. But I feel free to review this. So this is my unit sold. So this is Power variety pack. Sorry. So I am struggling today with my screen because I'm not in my usual place of. I'm just using my presentation room. So. Okay. So we are with. With everything in transit there is more than three months of stock. Yeah. For snacks to go 15 grams. We recently had more shipments that we sent after almost three months I would say so we are having close to 267 units. Do you have any concern here? So for 15 grand I think that is all right. Yeah. Oil shipment including everything in transit 170. So this should be good as well. Or do you want to send some stock the week after? I think it's all right right now. The oil. Right. Yeah, it will be okay. Because the demand right now, if I consider seasonality, it's not as high as December. I mean end of end of the year. So we are. Okay. Okay. Okay. Then we have snacks to go. 28. 28 grams per us we have close to 300. Yeah. More than three months inventory. But again this is 22 grams. So do you have any? No, it looks. Nah, it looks good to me. What I want to ask you ask you about is the next one. So we are not planning to ship any to the US for now. Is that right? Yes, got it. Okay. The cheek piece also looks based on the numbers and what we sent till this week. But I was trying to catch up with. We were unable to send a big quantity of snacks to those. So what we did in last three weeks we did this was our most consistent shipping to Amazon ever. Like every week we were sending some snacks to go because of shortage on seasoning or timing of films and everything. So we made small runs. But we kept sending every week to make sure that we have stock in transit. Okay. Okay. So this was protein snack mixes. This is new item. I have not done any mapping yet with anything and I was told by Alicia probably nothing would happen till the time I'm back. Yeah, I highly doubt. Yeah, especially if you can't give us more for Canada. I don't think. And I think she's also waiting for finance to really have a good say on what if it's been possible. Okay. And same goes for chickpeas variety pack. Probably the next time when you guys meet you we can look at some numbers where we can work for US production plant. Yeah. Okay. I'm so sorry I had to take that phone call because I was waiting for that call. But so we don't. We have no production plan for us. Yeah. We are aligned on the stock that is in transit. And I was just saying that we have been pretty consistently sending small batches of snacks to go to us because we were unable to make a big one. So literally like this week, even for Canada we sent some shipments. So yeah, as of now there won't be any plans. So it would be reviewed in the next meeting of yours. Sounds good. Yeah. So sorry, just to reiterate, nothing is being sent to the U.S. no. Yeah. For the following next to next week there is no plan for us 10. Only thing would be for what we discussed for Canada. Soham, I have one question. So Amazon is turning out to be more. A little more painful I would say. Why is that? I'll show it to you. Entry shipments. So right now what is happening is they started measuring the shipping window and it allows me to give a window from Monday to Friday. Let's say I'm anticipating Friday or Monday depending upon the time of the week. So I selected let's say Monday. If it shows up early on Friday, this flag as shipment level depict that it arrived before your committed window or if it shows the following week. And if I anticipated the prior week, I get flagged as well. And this was not the case earlier. So how our scores get affected on this? Because this is more like a logistics, a dedicated person. Yeah. Tracking, checking, updating. So. Well, I think there are some score. I don't remember the exact option where we need to go to check that score, but it's something. It says something similar to FBA analytics or some. I don't remember the exact name, but there is one page where you can see the health and what's not working, how much it's impacting our performance, all of those stuff. I will probably look into that. But that's the description. Right. So how about delivery window? Got it. So for these kind of shipments we have a. We are working with a carrier. Right. And. And it is LPL shipment. So there is not a guaranteed delivery date. It's approx. Date. Yeah. So that is the problem. Do you think there is. It is reasonable for us to be able to ask them what could be a reasonable day when that is what we. We have to do to get this as accurate as possible. But I'm just saying it's an additional level of check and performance which we have to add now. Right. Internal team. And the worst problem is like even if you ask your carrier, they'll give you a window and. And generally now that is how I put my assumption. But it keeps on changing and sometimes Amazon, they don't get delivery appointment even if it is delivered to the nearest DC or if it is in the queue. You know how the seasons at Amazon are, right? Yeah. Sometimes it takes three weeks. So in that case with no fault of ours or carrier due to internal Amazon issue, the receiving is delayed and in that case it will be a flag for shipment level. Shipment level defect. Right, I see. But have you heard anything from any of your customers so far on this? I haven't seen any problems so far, no. So maybe I can look into what's going on with the other accounts and then. Well, you will not be here in the next meeting, but I can still. If I have any update, I will discuss that in the meeting. Okay. And I'll So last piece of discussion before I hop off is Soham, you were proposing on the plan, right that you would be able to help. So right now Aaron has shadowed on almost three shipments with me. So she knows how to create all the labels, execute a shipment and then I have a logistics guy who would take care of the shipment. However this. I've gone through the initial rubric of how to come at this Excel of my demand plan. Would you be able to help Ellen with those numbers? So you want me to create the number? Yes, I'm sending you. So this sheet when I'm sending to you, I'll have that you can see the formulas like how many months or whatever calculations and protect only change that I do here. Soham is on the total units. What I do, I. I don't take the total units. So basically I'm pulling this from restock inventory for I know for US and Canada. And I don't take the face value of total units. I change it from anything from available till receiving and I deduct the unfulfillable units. That is. And this formula will sit in this Excel and then based on recommendation it is total units time three for three months and minus total. Sorry, recommended is units sold times three months minus the money total units. I get that. Yeah, sure. I can, I can come up with these numbers for the next two or three meetings. Right. I can do that. So at least that way Aaron won't have to because right now she knows a little bit, but she's like if she could get a helping hand, it would be. Sure. Yeah, happy to help. Yeah. With the Amazon component and calculating these quantities, I'm happy to help however you need. Okay, thank you. And what I would do is I'm pretty sure like Aaron is super confident on the processes, but if at all, if she gets stuck technically or conceptually, is it fine to share your. Can she connect with you? Like what's the best way to connect with you? Well, you are in India right now. Yeah. Well, so I. You can have my email and also the number. Sorry. Do you use Microsoft Teams by any. No, no, I don't want to use accept teams. Probably shouldn't look into that. So probably he would just email you with a snippet or anything. Yeah, sure. And if we need to really talk, either we can either open a call or I mean on teams or Zoom. Yeah. You guys can also just DC me and I can facilitate too. Sure. Okay. Yeah. Ready. Okay. So what I'll do is after this meeting I'll just put Some of our discussions that we had today and then do a quick summary and share the sheet with you guys. Thank you so much. Perfect. Thanks. Brittany, anything from you? No, I'm good on that end. Alicia's messaging me Susie updates. I'm like, please stop. Just kidding. Okay, perfect. Perfect. On that part of the world. Yeah, I. I'm. I'll. I was thinking about that. So we'll talk. Okay. When you're here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. Okay, bye. Bye. Take care. Bye. Yeah, thanks. Bye. Bye. Bye. Yeah, travel safe. Yeah, thanks. I'm saying to Alicia says that because they're at. What is it right now? We don't have a booth. And she's saying sushi, special kind. Literally just on her phone the entire time taking pics of anyone. I'm too busy talking and strategizing, thinking. I'm like, we need to buy her three farmers. What are those called? Like, those on the go, like mobile chargers. What are those called? Like, the battery packs. You know what I mean? For your phone. Yeah, yeah. To charge your phone on the go, right? Yeah. So what's going on? Suzy's too busy taking pictures. Oh, my gosh. What's so funny is I beg the team every time they go, because when they just went to HS chfa, I was like, please someone take photos of the booth. Have you guys standing there, like, hold the coaching mix. And like, no one sends me anything. And I'm like, texting our sales support person who went, yeah, so she's like, the fourth most important person there. So I'm like, carlene, please send me photos. And then nothing. And I'm like, guys. And then Susie's hosting, like, 55 photos with everybody. And I'm like, okay, then ask Susie to post a photo. I'm like, I don't need a selfie. I need a photo of our booth set up. So funny. And then I get back selfies, and I'm like, I don't need selfies. I need, like. Never mind. Yes, Suzy does that. Anyone she meets, she will take a selfie and then she will post it on social media primary, LinkedIn. So funny. Okay. Yeah, I. Yeah, you go for it. Okay, so you know what? I wanted to talk about the promotions. So I'll share my screen and. Yeah, just taking it as notes. So I'm not trying to be rude. Oh, by the way of the insurance one, I was taking that out. Yeah. You want me to submit that one, so. Or can you just show me how? I just. That type of stuff makes me nervous. Remember when we were trying to verify our account forever. Yeah. And. Oh, that one. I have PTSD from that situation. So if you just show me where to do this, maybe I could. Yeah. Okay. Can you see my screen? I can, yeah. I just don't want to look at my face. Sorry. That's all right. That's all right. So this is the page you have to get to. You have to click on account info. Account info, and then you have to go to business information and then business insurance from there. Sorry, I could have chatgpt this too. I just, I'm terrified. Okay, from there you have to. You have to simply fill in this form, name of the insurance and then name of the insured policy number, start date, end date. Don't check this one. Upload the file that you sent me and then click on submit. And also they may send you an email saying it has, it was accepted or it was rejected with the reasons behind rejection. So I mean, just be our. Like, whenever they send something like that, be aware that you need to get back here and then do something else. There may be some other steps. Yeah, this is it. Okay, so I will do that then. Okay. Because you didn't do it yet, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Now let's talk about the promotions. So this was the annual promo plan and I have set up the spring on the March and April ones. So again it will expand just a little bit. Sorry, I have a small screen. Yeah, 100%. I can do that. Yeah. Thank you. So, yeah, so initially this is what I recommended, that we will do one day promo in March and one day promo in April. Both are spring promos. And we are planning to do 15% on the three SKUs, two variety packs, and the new proton snacks. Now what I see on Amazon, we have an opportunity to participate in base deals and these run for seven long days. I know we are typically against this, but these do really well in terms, not just in terms of getting sales, but also in terms of overall ranking boost even after the sales are over. These do really well and creates an urgency. And for these we just need to give 10% off, not 15%. And that's March 25th to the 31st. Uhhuh. Yes. Okay. I bet you she might go for it because it's 10% off. It's 10% off. Yes. So I'll, I'll check. And these change very quickly. So we need to log this in, see if you can. Will you be able to email her today? Yeah. Okay, so three SKUs. So that's just the snacks to go, two snack to goes and one, the new one, the protein snack mixes. For all three, we have the option to participate. And this is going to be good ranking boost. A good ranking sale. Ranking. Ranking boost. That's what I, I heard you, I just couldn't say it. Good ranking sale. Ranking boost. Ranking. By that I mean sales. Of course we are expecting to get sales, but what I mean by ranking boost is these keywords are also ranking for different keywords on Amazon. Right? So for example snacks or healthy snacks. And if we during these seven days, if we do better than the other products who are also selling for similar keywords, then there is a possibility Amazon will keep promoting us or keep, keep showing us up in the search result. Higher in the search result. Which is what I'm trying to get out of this promotion, not just sales boost during these seven days. Yes. And if I just summarize that if we do well in this sale, Amazon will rank us better for keywords. Exactly. Healthy snacks and all of those relevant keywords. Now one more thing. If she thinks it's too much to run promos for all three SKUs for seven days even at a 10% in that case we can say, oh, maybe we should, should just. How about we just do it for two SKUs in the that case 18 pack and the protein snack mixes. So you know, if it is too much for three SKUs, we can at least do it for three, two. Okay. Yeah, so this is one thing and I think the variety pack, the fava variety, all of those were supposed to be an internal discussion before we discussed this on the meeting. So I'll leave that for now. And one more thing I could do is to walk you through the dashboard. Yeah, please. Okay, so we did a review of this in our last meeting as well. But now I wanted to show you the February numbers. I'll start with the USA in the US this is in US dollar by the way. We need 8600. We spent $930 on it. So which is slightly more than 10%. It's at 11% now. And if you compare the February revenue, I mean even the January revenue with last year's, we are doing better. How much better for February? Let's do the math right now. 8605 -6617. 661730 better in the US and in Canada for the month of February we have done $58,000 and we have spent 11,688 which is exactly 20%. So we are maintaining our Spend. And if you look at it, January is even better than. Sorry, February was even better than January this year. And if you compare this year's February with 2025, it's 32,000 versus 58,000. So I believe that comes close to 80% increase. So 18%. 18. 80% increase. 18. Oh. 81%. Yeah. So this is how we have done in February so far. Very promising result. And sorry, we're up 81% on. In sales. Yes. Really? Huh. Wow. Okay. Okay. Okay, great. Sorry, that just sounded like a huge number. Okay, go for it. Yeah. So this is good result. I hope that we'll be able to keep this traction up with. Especially with the new sku. But also there's another change that is going to happen very soon that the TV commercials. It's going to stop. Right? Yeah. Do you. And do you think. Do you think that those are helping? Well, I can only rely on the data so we can keep monitoring the branded search again. I think we should check it right now. Let's do that. Yeah. Yeah. She will want to know that I think they're also just looking for ways to. Yeah. Like obviously just prove that that was working. Worthwhile. Yeah. For how expensive it was. Yeah. Right, right. Right. Now I understand. That's definitely something. Give me one second. It's not loading for some reason. Maybe I'll just log into helium 10. I'm not here. Sorry, it's a little bit slow. No worries. I'm just rereading my notes. And Britney, I understand it's very busy right now with so many things going on and the expos. But you know, if you get a chance, maybe next week or whenever you think Alicia is not too busy. I'm sure she is busy all the time, but if you could remind her about the review on Google. You know what? That's my fault. She did ask me to do it and when I went to go write. Comes up as not our business. It comes up as her sister's name, like Natasha. Okay. So I was trying to figure out how to get it to be from our brand and I don't think that I can. Okay. I also don't want to personally write it because that really doesn't make sense. So I asked her if it was fine if it came from Natasha's name. That's sort of where. That's just a Google account situation. Ah, okay. Brittany, I don't know what's going on. It's just taking too long to get this information. I'm not sure. It just keeps loading so maybe there's some kind of a problem. Okay, I'll check it later and send you an email. Okay, yeah, sounds good. All right, so these are the two things that I wanted to show you, so if you could let me know about the promo. Yeah, that would be awesome. And is there anything else that you wanted to talk about? No. No. Okay. Okay. How is it going there for you? Yeah, I think fine. It's just. We have always just so much going on. I feel like. Not that I forget about Amazon, but, like, I kind of forget about Amazon sometimes because I'm like, you've got it. You know what I mean? And so we're doing, like, we also. We're doing a lot more sampling, so, like sending samples to TED Talks. So it's just. I'm feeling very overwhelmed. And then trying to keep social media interesting is really hard. It's not hard. We've had a ton of content that. It's just trying to keep it engaging, I think, is what's hard. Yeah. So it's not just like us shouting. Here's how good we are all the time. Because. Always lots going on. I think we're very. Alicia said that we've doubled, but we haven't grown in staff at all, really, besides the back end, really? Okay. Like where? Yeah, like warehouse and stuff. Like, when I started there, we had a brand manager, and then we also had a person sort of on the side who did, like, marketing tasks. And now it's just me, so. And I've been trained in none of this. Like, I was. I was hired just to do social media. And, like, my background is photography. Like, that's how I'm just like, I have no idea. I see you. So I'm trying. But yeah, yeah, we're working on the storefront. Actually, I should talk to you about the storefront. That's. What a great idea I just had. Let me pull up what I have and you can tell me if I'm on the right track. So. Sorry, one second. Documents. Better question is, did I save. Oh, no, forgot. My computer restarted and I'm finding things I'm not sharing to saving to SharePoint like they say they are. Okay, here it is. I guess my question, my main question on the strategy here is. Just how to separate the snacks. So this is. This is a document that will go to Alicia. My plan was to finish this, send it to Alicia and yourself for feedback, and then bring it to Lindsay to design. I could design it myself, too. I just don't. It's actually easier when I do it myself. But so I'm thinking, obviously, the hero image using just our main headlines, Homegrown by Canadian farmers. She wants it to be very brand specific. And, like, every time I add a different. Like, I'm doing an email for Camilina right now for a Shopify sale. And I said, one oil that does it all. Because if you look at our brand positioning, our brand positioning essentially says that her and Susie did these. And it literally says, I find myself needing to use different oils. This is the one oil that's good for you. Heart, healthy. So my caption for the email or my main message was one oil that does it all. And she didn't like. Like that. So I'm just trying to stick to, like, the very basic, boring script. Yeah. And then I just have it as protein mixes. Crunchy Bean snacks on the go. Camelina oil, because I was trying to make it even as well. So it would be one main hero image and then the four categories. Got it. Okay. Any feedback there? So, yeah, let me look at that. Put in snack mixes first because that's a new product. You wanted to keep it on the top, right? Yeah. Okay. I'll just have her design the tiles separately and then you can put them in whichever way. Like whatever you want it to be on the top. Right. Because aren't they separate pieces? Yeah, they are. They are, yes. Now for the third one, it's the Crunchy Bean snacks. And are you keeping the. On the go below that? You know, if I only. Because that's how we have it on the website. Right. Like, we have. Okay. Crunchy Beans next mixes. Oh, no, sorry. Oh, yeah, we have variety packs. Yeah. I think we should probably keep that as a second item because those do better. So those are more important. That's why. That's what I'm thinking. Yeah. You can. You can move them however you want. Like, I don't. These aren't in order. It's just like, what we have to do. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And do you agree with calling them on the go instead of variety packs or. Yeah, I'm okay with that. But I think you will also review this with Alicia. Yeah. So let's see what she has to say. And then do you know, off the top of your head, just confirming. So the hero. I just pulled these stats online that the hero is 3,000. Oh, you don't need to do it. Like, how did you find them on Amazon itself? Or did you just. Did you research with. I think Google and ChatGPT told me these things. Yeah. Okay. So how about you actually go in inside Amazon and I'll show you how to look into that. Right. Okay. There you have so many different options. So it will be. You'll have more flexibility if you look into the storefront. So let's see. Manage stores. And edit Brand store. This is the one. Right. So we have this version right now you will see there are two. Like one is mobile version, another one is desktop. So do switch and then see what format is required because they are different. And on the right, on the right you have clicked on it right now, but click on Done A second on the right. Right, top, top, right, top, right. A little bit below that. You see, you'll see done. Done. D O N E Edit just above Editing video. Yes, click on that. Yes. Now you will see all of the modules here. If you scroll down, you will see header first. So click on that. If you want to check out the dimension requirements, you'll see it has to be activated. So that was the stats I had. That's perfect. And then mobile, I'm assuming it changes, right? Exactly, it changes. And if you are done checking this out, then you can click on Done. Did it change? It says it still must be 3,600. Well, if it says that. So okay, can you click on upload new for a second? Does it promptly. Okay, no. Okay, just stop that. Yeah, so it will be the same for both. In that case, let's. And then we also have the video like the commercial. Yeah, I like. No. Okay. Okay. So I think that on storefront what works better is a video that plays in the background. So if you click on done, I'll show you that option. So click on Done first and then add new section. Click on add new section and then scroll down, scroll down, see if you can find a video in the background or something like something similar background video you see just below that. So what happens with these? It keeps on playing in loops. If you upload a video like we have right now, someone has to click on the play button. And who listens to that video on Amazon? I don't think any. Yeah, so here, if you upload these, this will keep on playing in loop. But you have to. You can see, I have sent you some, sent you some examples that it keeps on playing loop. Those are background videos. You have to communicate whatever idea you want to communicate visually because there will be no audio. So that means with the text that you will write the visuals that you will have similar to those store forms. But this is a very good idea. So to have it you think on the bottom. Looping. Well, you will have to explore the format. I don't remember exactly what I described in the videos that I sent you. Will it be helpful if we discuss about this another time? Yes. Or if you re like, we also email too much. So now I'm worried I don't have it. The one I saved. Okay. I have them here. I literally haven't saved since August. Video, video. And then storefront examples. Right. Okay. So actually I'm just gonna upload this really quickly and you tell me how you think this looks or sounds. Silently. Autoplays and loops. Silently. So you're saying it doesn't. It doesn't have any. Okay. Okay. So then that doesn't make sense for that video. People make great use of these, by the way. It makes. It makes a storefront look so. Oh, I can. Attractive. Is there versions in here? Yeah. So pure protein, for example, or either of those. You. If you go to. I'm not sure exactly which page. Let's try. Let's start pure protein. And probably it's not on the home page, but even. Even these graphics visuals, you could do them as background videos. Click on protein snacks. So instead of the. You're now on the home page. Click on protein snacks. Let's see if it's there. If not, let's go to the next one. Oh, there you go. Okay. So we did do this before. So you're saying just redo it? Sure, yeah. That goes with the storefront. Didn't we do this? Did we not use it anymore? We did do this. We did do it for video ads, something similar, but they need to be revised up because we also change the packaging. And I think that was done for the 30 count. Oh, that's so smart. Did you see that? Right? Lindsay might kill me if I ask her. She's not really like. I mean, it's not really what she does, but I think she can figure it out. And if you need to outsource it, I think. I think I know one agency that's based in Toronto. They may be able to help if you really need that. Okay. One thing at a time. Like, let's just. Yeah, let me. So I'm going to send off this document so that all seems accurate. And then like, I'm hoping to have this done by the end of the month. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. No problem. So when do you come back? My flight is on March 29th. If everything's okay, I'll be able to return. Okay. Keeps going then. I don't know. Do you, do you strike me as a guy who does your own investing? Do you do your own investing? Yeah, I do, yeah. Like Questrade or Will simple or what do you do Quest trade. Yeah. I knew you'd be a quest trade guy. I don't know why I knew that. I have, well, simple and I saw that it dipped a little, like a little 3% yesterday. So I, I had money, I had cash sitting in my rsp. So I just bought some. Sorry, sorry. What did you buy? I know it was simple. I bought that veqt. Ah, I see, I see. Okay. Yeah, I used to be like solely xeqt. Uh huh. But then Vanguard lowered their, their fees. But then, yeah, like yesterday. Yes. I actually bought it like right here, which was great. Awesome. But not that it really, really matters. But yeah. Yeah. My brother actually works for Vanguard, which is crazy. So I'm always telling. I don't think he. I'm like, tell me what to buy. But he never does. He's. I don't think he's allowed to either. But I told him I was like, by the way, I'm doing all my own investing now and I just bought like veqt. And he goes, oh, actually the guy who manages that sits right next to me. I'm like, that is so crazy. And every time I try to ask him, I'm like, what do you do? He's my stepbrother and he's like the youngest of us. Like he's, you know, the youngest of five. There's five of us kids and so we always are like, we know he's a genius, but he's also kind of like, we always joke. He got a perfect score in the SAT but can't drink a Gatorade without spilling it all over himself. He's that type of guy. And so I think he trades him and three other people are in charge of some multi billion dollar fund and they're just trading currencies and stuff all day for Vanguard. I'm like, that is crazy because he has to GPS his way home every day and I'm like, how are you in charge of the world's money? It's so interesting. I am, by the way, not a very disciplined investor. I'm not. And I'm also a very risky player. So. Okay. Do you day trade? No, I don't. What I mean by that is I'm really into crypto. Oh, okay. I see that for you too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I don't gamble. Honestly. Yeah, I guess so. I Have until recently, I guess. But it's kind of. It made a little comeback. Right. Well, that's the opportunity because I sold it, let's say when it was at the peak. So Ethereum, for example, was reached US$4600. I sold everything I had at that time. And then now it's going back down and I'm buying, buying, buying. Okay. Smart, smart, smart. Is this. Are you doing this inside of like, what account are you doing this inside of? I have a separate account for crypto and also inside the TFSA. I can do it with ETF. We cannot invest. Okay. In crypto, but there are ETFs. Okay. I think, I think I could see that. Well, simple has that too now. Yeah. I just don't know enough about crypto. And then all the guys I follow who in my lane, there's. They're not anti crypto, but they're just like, it's. If you're not a finance bro. Which I'm not. They just kind of advise not to do it. And so I agree. I just, I'm not smart and I'm like, I lost a lot of money. I'm already watching the market. Like I already am interested and like on some Reddit threads and stuff. I don't want to be like more into it. I think is what my thing is because it's. Yeah. But I'm excited to rip my. I have a open account in an RSP with a pretty high fee advisor before I knew any better. So next big promotion with, well, simple, I'm ripping that out of there. Got it. Yeah. I'm excited. Yeah. Yeah. Because 2%, I was just like, yeah, 2%, that's fine. Take a lot if you calculate clearly. I didn't understand percentages. I was like, yeah, 2% of my 100%. Fine. And I'm like, no, no, no, no, no. It's 2% of the. On average 11% that they make. And then you like then two is gone. Then another two is gone for inflation. And I'm like, oh my gosh, then I'm getting 4% returns my whole life. Yeah. So once I realized that, I was like, get the F out of here. Yeah. And also, by the way, gold and silver, I'm big on those. On what? Gold and gold and silver. Yeah. Yeah. I was going to guess. Did you. You sold before that little crash or. I was. Not that I was expecting a crash, but I didn't really sell. Mm. But those are some really good moves. Yeah. I looked into some gold and silver, like ETFs, but I. There was just so many of them, and I didn't feel like researching all of them, so I was like, never mind. I'll just stay in my. Boring. I bought Nvidia when it was, like, down. It's actually still pretty down. I bought it when I was, like, 178 or something. Yeah, yeah. You know, it's just me. By the way, I'm not a very disciplined investor. I mentioned that before. So please don't take advice from me. I'm just sharing more information. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like every TikTok video, it's like, this is not financial advice. And then they only talk about finances. I'm like, well, this is like, financial advice. Yeah, no, I hear you. It's fine. I won't do crypto because I don't understand it and it scares me, so don't worry. Yeah. Okay, well, chat. I'll bug Alicia today. I think they're on the. They're at Expo west, obviously. But I'll try and get an answer about the promotions. Sure, yeah. Please, please let me know about that. Okay. Alrighty. Have a good day. Yeah, you too. Bye now. Okay, bye. Kigo. Kigo. Hello, aj.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: We have protein snack mixes. 500 units in transit.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: So those are two important things coming out. Okay.

Speaker C: So sorry, I should start taking notes. Sorry. My team has frozen five times trying to open that notebook. Five liter, you said? Back in stock.

Speaker A: Five meters is back in stock. So let me show it to you here. So it shows available 16. So we sent total 20 units to them. And some are in transit between warehouses and completely available at 16. And some are in customer order or transit between warehouses. So total 20 units is what we sent via UPS.

Speaker C: We last 121 20.

Speaker A: No, just 20. 20.

Speaker C: Okay. I was like, oh, guys.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. And then you said protein snack mixes.

Speaker A: Protein snack mixes. This would be the protein snack mixes. So inbound is 500.

Speaker B: Right. So I have reviewed the numbers. Let's just go one by one. How about that?

Speaker A: Sure. So what I'll do is. Let me hide this.

Speaker B: And

Speaker C: also. Hi, Erin. How are you?

Speaker B: Good.

Speaker C: How are you?

Speaker B: Good, good.

Speaker C: Let's not let the boys talk about their boy talk. Gotta get some words in. Yeah. Women instead.

Speaker B: Just kidding.

Speaker C: I don't care.

Speaker A: Okay. Why? Oh, that is why it was not working. Why is that? Grouping is not coming here option.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Oh, yeah. Okay. Perfect.

Speaker B: Awesome.

Speaker A: Okay. So for power variety pack for Canada's, we have 33 units a month. Traction, including everything. Including transit, we have like 86 units in total. So recommendation as per max for three months, number would be 13, which would be super weird number. So I thought, why to keep at 13, just build 30 and make it a little healthy for even to pack for packing purposes. Right? Yeah. Then lettuce variety pack. We are completely out of stock for sea salt in Canada. So that SKU is not happening. So once we are out, would you plan to take it off Amazon and deactivate it or what's your plan?

Speaker B: I think the discussion we started last time was if we should swap the sea salt with another flavor. Right. Brittany, that was.

Speaker A: That was favas. Dill pickled favas replaced with sea salt. Favas.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah. So that's. Yeah. For the favas. Yes. For the lentils. Alicia hadn't decided yet, but we need to. She was thinking, like, what if it's a three pack of just barbecue? Which sort of goes against our strategy because we don't have another one, do we? We have barbecue and sea salt, garlic and herb. But I believe that's also

Speaker A: getting phased out. I believe.

Speaker B: Right?

Speaker C: Yeah. Like, there's no other new brand. The only lentil we really have is barbecue. Other than toppers. Yeah, other than Toppers Yeah, I've been. Yes. So it's either a three pack barbecue or it's nothing. I think is. Then we, how many do we have left? You said we have, we have 81.

Speaker A: 81. Including everything that was shipped, 81 left. Let me explain.

Speaker C: That'll be like my biggest action item with Alicia I think is if we're selling how many. So 48 was sold in the last month. Yeah, yeah. So if we have two months essentially, well not even a month and a half left, what's our game plan and then show home. If we did decide to move to a three pack barbecue, would we start a new SKU or what would you recommend?

Speaker B: Well no, we could just replace, I mean change things on this listing and say it's a backup three barbecue. But then another thing that I, another topic that I brought up was how these listings don't generate, generate much profit. So how about if we really needed to create a new sku, we consider the pack size. So maybe instead of selling a pack of three, a pack of five or pack of six, we have to do the math and you know, we have to look at the unit economics on Amazon and see what makes sense. And also to avoid a buy box issue, what are the strategies we could use? So for example, if we go for let's say a backup six, how can we make it look different versus Amazon recognizing it as a six pack up just barbecue and then them comparing with the part unit price somewhere else.

Speaker C: Yeah, I am sure that it will.

Speaker B: No, I mean that's what I'm thinking. How can I avoid that? Let's say if we for example for the snack to go, we have an outer package. So if we can confuse Amazon with an outer package like that one and then put all five or six bags inside it. So I'm thinking of trying things like that so that we can resolve the buy box issue. If we really need to change this.

Speaker C: I'm very, I don't know what you think of you, but I'm very positive Alicia would just say hey, then scrap it. There's no way they're going to, she's going to order different packaging.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'm also under the same information but again yeah, yeah. If, if Soham is able to convince to change our decision then yeah, well

Speaker B: no, this is just a proposal. So if it makes sense for the business then we can do.

Speaker C: Yeah, Maybe we'll prepare to just phase this out. I'm, I'm guessing. So I'll come back to next meeting. Yeah,

Speaker A: yeah.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. So that was the lentils. So I'll leave it to you guys till I'm back by 5th of April. And if there is any development in between then. Yeah, keep me posted. And for the two pack oil, so you remember Johan, we tried to went heavy in last couple runs. So right now we have including everything in transit, there are 308 units of two pack oil available is 180. And then there is in between fulfillment standard transfers of 112. So the total units is 308. And it doesn't ask me anything to replenish for now. But do you think there is a need for anything?

Speaker B: No, I think it's fine.

Speaker A: But anything coming out of this meeting is for production plan for the week for the following week. Not the next week, but the following week. So that would be for the week of 16th of March.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: But you know only this. Wherever I see FC transfers at higher number that makes me a bit nervous. Like I still believe that customers can book it, right?

Speaker B: Yeah, they can, but the date is not immediate. It will not get delivered quickly.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. So yeah, then we have chickpea's yt pack. So against a number of 55 and three months. So and total units including transit is 128. So I should send something close to 40 is what my plan is.

Speaker B: Yeah, sounds good.

Speaker A: Then snack mixes. So I sent 500. So the challenge with snack mixes Soham is that our priority is give to the retail business of Canada and then for Amazon. So we have been playing by the year of sales director depending on how allocation moves. So for example, we got a big commitment from Loblaws for new commitments. So once we were able to allocate those then we switched to. Then we planned to make 500 units and shipped it out. So I cannot promise like it has to be reviewed with Neil with sales what the plan is. But what numbers do you recommend?

Speaker B: I Recommend we send 500 more.

Speaker A: You, you were, you were suggesting on 500 to 800. Now you are making a thousand. Well, you're making it more challenging for me.

Speaker B: Yeah, well, no, I do see the potential. So at this current pace, without doing anything at all, it should do more than 200 units a month. And if we then, let's say really start advertising and then also participate in the promos, which is something I'm going to discuss later in this meeting. I think it should scale and our goal is to scale it to 500 to 600 units a month eventually. And this is the best time until let's say August is the best time to scale this product. After then that things will slow down

Speaker A: because there are some moving pieces around the planning for protein snack mixes because there are three key ingredients. Ppuffs, pretzels and power crisps. Right. For protein snack mixes along with our powers. So and those have a certain timeline of arrival. So I am having one shipment that is literally being pegged this week for arrival in next eight days. So depending upon, you know, and then we have Costco rotation commitments as well. That is a bigger consumption of course like that the most. Sorry, how, how do I want to put it? So the biggest demand is from Costco rotation orders followed by some of the larger chunk of retail business of Canadian side of customers. So I, I would have to. I won't be able to comment on 500 but again in terms of production it doesn't look likely to happen the week after probably it could be a couple weeks from now.

Speaker C: Yes, we are going to be running more next week at the end of next week. But we need those for roadshow and

Speaker A: stuff like that as well. So. Yeah, yeah. There is roadshow also happening.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. So how many would be reasonable and when do you think we can reasonably produce it for Amazon?

Speaker A: We would have to review to be frank. And of course there are multiple factors governing this. I will capture your input for now that you are anticipating that you can. But how about a software shipment in my next run?

Speaker B: Sure, let's say if you can do that now, how many would you be able to do?

Speaker A: Probably 150 to 200 units.

Speaker B: Sure, let's do whatever you can do. And then my content was coming maybe.

Speaker A: So what I will do is I just capture my notes on your. So your recommendation is to do 500 more. Units and by when do you see or anticipate a monthly 500 and how many months from now?

Speaker B: That's the time.

Speaker A: Let's say if we are having stock,

Speaker B: let's say by July or August. I mean it's such a wild guess but it will take a few months. So eventually from we are right now at let's say 150ish. And then we'll plan to scale it to 500 by August. That will be the maximum this year.

Speaker A: Okay. So Aaron, for now I've just added those comments and then when, whenever Neil and Colleen discusses then just throw him these numbers and then we need to come up with a production plan and then see how much we can fulfill and inform Medisha and Suham about it.

Speaker C: Okay

Speaker A: then. Chickpeas variety pack. Oh sorry. Snacks to go. 15 grams. We had a monthly of 520 roughly. And including everything in transit, we have 1500.

Speaker B: That one is all right.

Speaker A: Okay, I do zero here. I'll put 500, but I'll put a red on this one. We have to review this one. Okay. Then snack to go. 28 grams.

Speaker B: Yeah. This one we are doing. Great.

Speaker A: Question for you, Soham. Why we don't see description of 15 grams on 28 grams on Amazon descriptions it just shows pack of 18 pack or 35. But that 28 grams, 15 grams, those don't appear in my item description in Amazon.

Speaker B: The by description do. Which one are you referring to?

Speaker A: So for example, this is my current description. Yes.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. The title. Okay. It's probably not in the title, which is why you don't see it, but it should be, right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Right. So we'll, we'll look into that.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. So this one at this, this one is.

Speaker A: This is true for those 15 grams and 28. So neither of the descriptions appear. So the 1 for 30 pack, it is 15 grams, but I know it is 15 grams, but the description doesn't.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Brittany, could you make a note for that?

Speaker B: I. I'll make a note for that.

Speaker C: Yeah, because they're, they're mostly for SEO, right? Like that's how show home built them.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay.

Speaker C: I also, I complain to Alicia because whenever she asks us a quick question, I show her how those titles look in the back end because I might, I'm like, I can't quickly see anything because it's like three farmers protein dinner. Like. Yeah, so

Speaker B: I see, I see.

Speaker A: Okay. And when I do the mapping in commerce, those have 15 grams or 28 grams. And sometimes when you match you, you do kind of get lost if, let's say if you're coming back to this working seat after a long time and trying to fix some codes. But yeah. Anyways, okay, so for this 28 gram snap pack, 18 pack. Recommendation is for 400, but the numbers on next ago. So what do you have?

Speaker B: So what I see right now, based on the current velocity, it's really picking up. And we can do close to 1350 to 1380 units a month at this space. And I hope that we will continue doing that. So let's say another 800 units. 2,000 units would be my recommendation for this one.

Speaker A: So final Recommendation, I'm putting 800 to 1000.

Speaker C: We'll need to review our 28 gram stock and our bags and etc. As well.

Speaker A: Yeah,

Speaker C: we all admit that show Home has the worst job because you can't do your job unless we give you inventory. And we are always like no, not the priority.

Speaker A: So just for everyone's understanding, my initial recommendation appears in recommended column and then whatever we are discussing it appears in the final recommendation column and then we have some notes. And what I can do is after the meeting I can circulate this with everyone. Okay, back in the box. So question concerns here. I'm not getting oil supplies. So the new supplier was doing the boxes. He broke our die printer and they got severely delayed. And because of those I was not able to get commitment from oil manufacturer because I didn't have a date when the boxes are going to be ready. So now when I had a timeline now the oil supplier saying that they are unable to crush the oil until beginning of next month. So currently my inventory is limited for distribution because my primary sales channel is just Ecom, Shopify and Amazon for those five little bits. So depending upon. So I can have a quick look on how many units we are having right now. Just give me one quick sec. 5 database. So we are having around 67 units in stock.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: So we have to watch and maybe if needed decide on a timing when we need to pause the sale on these. I didn't see any movement in large one week it is 67 still. I don't see any demand in last one week. But sometimes when it gets pushed suddenly it's out of like 30 units a week. I've seen at times. So the movement is very sporadic on these on E Comm Special, especially Shopify. So good thing is we are not putting this on sale so there won't be a big traction on them. But we have to be watchful of what we decide to send next to Amazon. So you think 20 units is going to take us for some while or do you want to replenish?

Speaker B: Well at the current rate you can see it should last about two months. We have also started advertising mind you,

Speaker A: so that two months could be,

Speaker B: could

Speaker A: be a delimiting factor cause we were out of stock for 10 days. Right. So sales won't be captured in your historical data. So in 2 cents that won't be the number. But again I want to go soft on Amazon. I can send some maybe 10 units but in two to three weeks from now, not before that. Would that be fine?

Speaker B: Yeah, that would be great actually if

Speaker A: you can send 10, but maybe in next three weeks, not immediately.

Speaker B: Okay, we are going to have another meeting in the meantime. After two weeks.

Speaker A: Oh yeah, yeah. For sure.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: But I'm just saying because I'm just putting my piece of thought here before I leave for my vacation. So.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So do you want me to add that comment Aaron, or would you be discussing it?

Speaker C: Yeah, why don't you add a comment in there?

Speaker A: So it recommended a 7. So I would say 10. But I would say. Why it's not good. Plan tentatively in three weeks. And what date should I put week of 20th is it let me see week of 23rd. But yeah, again you guys will be reviewing in the mid. So. Yeah. So I think the only biggest thing is coming out of this meeting is the snacks to go and we are doing some run on Chickpeas variety pack and power variety pack. But we have to check the stuff for Power variety pack sea salt also. Right. So I'll make a comment for that check see salt fava stock status. Do you want to check for now how much is it

Speaker B: for which one? Sorry?

Speaker A: C. Soft power. Even though I'm recommending but I should have. Oh, sorry. So I'm having about 110 cases as of now. We can still make this Amazon. Yeah. As long as you make a quick reservation before someone gets their hands onto it.

Speaker C: Yeah. Once we finalize I'll make sure I. Okay.

Speaker A: I think this can be done. But I have seen some changes. Let's say for csoft lentils. I made a plan for next week but by the time I got into allocation stage everything was gone because we got some customer order. Okay. And they did a complete pull. So standard time. But we'll keep you posted.

Speaker B: Awesome. Yeah, sounds good.

Speaker A: Okay. So that was Amazon Canada then coming to Amazon us.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: In my recommendation list nothing comes up for planning for us.

Speaker B: Yeah, it looks good but.

Speaker A: But I feel free to review this. So this is my unit sold. So this is Power variety pack. Sorry. So I am struggling today with my screen because I'm not in my usual place of. I'm just using my presentation room.

Speaker B: So.

Speaker A: Okay. So we are with. With everything in transit there is more than three months of stock.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: For snacks to go 15 grams. We recently had more shipments that we sent after almost three months I would say so we are having close to 267 units. Do you have any concern here?

Speaker B: So for 15 grand I think that is all right. Yeah.

Speaker A: Oil shipment including everything in transit 170. So this should be good as well. Or do you want to send some stock the week after?

Speaker B: I think it's all right right now. The oil. Right. Yeah, it will be okay. Because the demand right now, if I consider seasonality, it's not as high as December. I mean end of end of the year. So we are. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Then we have snacks to go. 28. 28 grams per us we have close to 300.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: More than three months inventory. But again this is 22 grams. So do you have any?

Speaker B: No, it looks. Nah, it looks good to me. What I want to ask you ask you about is the next one. So we are not planning to ship any to the US for now. Is that right?

Speaker A: Yes, got it. Okay.

Speaker B: The cheek piece also looks based on

Speaker A: the numbers and what we sent till this week. But I was trying to catch up with. We were unable to send a big quantity of snacks to those. So what we did in last three weeks we did this was our most consistent shipping to Amazon ever. Like every week we were sending some snacks to go because of shortage on seasoning or timing of films and everything. So we made small runs. But we kept sending every week to make sure that we have stock in transit.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. So this was protein snack mixes. This is new item. I have not done any mapping yet with anything and I was told by Alicia probably nothing would happen till the time I'm back.

Speaker C: Yeah, I highly doubt. Yeah, especially if you can't give us more for Canada. I don't think. And I think she's also waiting for finance to really have a good say on what if it's been possible.

Speaker A: Okay. And same goes for chickpeas variety pack. Probably the next time when you guys meet you we can look at some numbers where we can work for US production plant.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. I'm so sorry I had to take that phone call because I was waiting for that call. But so

Speaker A: we don't. We have no production plan for us. Yeah. We are aligned on the stock that is in transit. And I was just saying that we have been pretty consistently sending small batches of snacks to go to us because we were unable to make a big one. So literally like this week, even for Canada we sent some shipments. So yeah, as of now there won't be any plans. So it would be reviewed in the next meeting of yours.

Speaker B: Sounds good.

Speaker C: Yeah. So sorry, just to reiterate, nothing is being sent to the U.S. no. Yeah.

Speaker A: For the following next to next week there is no plan for us 10. Only thing would be for what we discussed for Canada. Soham, I have one question. So Amazon is turning out to be more. A little more painful I would say.

Speaker B: Why is that?

Speaker A: I'll show it to you. Entry shipments. So right now what is happening is they started measuring the shipping window and it allows me to give a window from Monday to Friday. Let's say I'm anticipating Friday or Monday depending upon the time of the week. So I selected let's say Monday. If it shows up early on Friday, this flag as shipment level depict that it arrived before your committed window or if it shows the following week. And if I anticipated the prior week, I get flagged as well. And this was not the case earlier. So how our scores get affected on this? Because this is more like a logistics, a dedicated person. Yeah. Tracking, checking, updating. So.

Speaker B: Well, I think there are some score. I don't remember the exact option where we need to go to check that score, but it's something. It says something similar to FBA analytics or some. I don't remember the exact name, but there is one page where you can see the health and what's not working, how much it's impacting our performance, all of those stuff. I will probably look into that.

Speaker A: But that's the description.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: So how about delivery window?

Speaker B: Got it. So for these kind of shipments we have a. We are working with a carrier. Right. And.

Speaker A: And it is LPL shipment. So there is not a guaranteed delivery date. It's approx. Date.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So that is the problem.

Speaker B: Do you think there is. It is reasonable for us to be able to ask them what could be a reasonable day when that is what we.

Speaker A: We have to do to get this as accurate as possible. But I'm just saying it's an additional level of check and performance which we have to add now. Right. Internal team. And the worst problem is like even if you ask your carrier, they'll give you a window and. And generally now that is how I put my assumption. But it keeps on changing and sometimes Amazon, they don't get delivery appointment even if it is delivered to the nearest DC or if it is in the queue. You know how the seasons at Amazon are, right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Sometimes it takes three weeks. So in that case with no fault of ours or carrier due to internal Amazon issue, the receiving is delayed and in that case it will be a flag for shipment level. Shipment level defect.

Speaker B: Right, I see.

Speaker A: But have you heard anything from any of your customers so far on this?

Speaker B: I haven't seen any problems so far, no. So maybe I can look into what's going on with the other accounts and then. Well, you will not be here in the next meeting, but I can still. If I have any update, I will discuss that in the meeting. Okay.

Speaker A: And I'll So last piece of discussion before I hop off is Soham, you were proposing on the plan, right that you would be able to help. So right now Aaron has shadowed on almost three shipments with me. So she knows how to create

Speaker B: all

Speaker A: the labels, execute a shipment and then I have a logistics guy who would take care of the shipment. However this. I've gone through the initial rubric of how to come at this Excel of my demand plan. Would you be able to help Ellen with those numbers?

Speaker B: So you want me to create the number?

Speaker A: Yes, I'm sending you. So this sheet when I'm sending to you, I'll have that you can see the formulas like how many months or whatever calculations and protect only change that I do here. Soham is on the total units. What I do, I. I don't take the total units. So basically I'm pulling this from restock inventory for I know for US and Canada. And I don't take the face value of total units. I change it from anything from available till receiving and I deduct the unfulfillable units. That is. And this formula will sit in this Excel and then based on recommendation it is total units time three for three months and minus total. Sorry, recommended is units sold times three months minus the money total units.

Speaker B: I get that. Yeah, sure. I can, I can come up with these numbers for the next two or three meetings.

Speaker A: Right. I can do that. So at least that way Aaron won't have to because right now she knows a little bit, but she's like if she could get a helping hand, it would be.

Speaker C: Sure.

Speaker B: Yeah, happy to help. Yeah. With the Amazon component and calculating these quantities, I'm happy to help however you need.

Speaker A: Okay, thank you. And what I would do is I'm pretty sure like Aaron is super confident on the processes, but if at all, if she gets stuck technically or conceptually, is it fine to share your. Can she connect with you? Like what's the best way to connect with you? Well, you are in India right now.

Speaker B: Yeah. Well, so I. You can have my email and also the number. Sorry.

Speaker A: Do you use Microsoft Teams by any.

Speaker B: No, no, I don't want to use accept teams. Probably shouldn't look into that.

Speaker A: So probably he would just email you with a snippet or anything.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. And if we need to really talk, either we can either open a call or I mean on teams or Zoom. Yeah.

Speaker C: You guys can also just DC me and I can facilitate too.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah. Ready. Okay.

Speaker A: So what I'll do is after this meeting I'll just put Some of our discussions that we had today and then do a quick summary and share the sheet with you guys.

Speaker B: Thank you so much.

Speaker A: Perfect.

Speaker B: Thanks.

Speaker A: Brittany, anything from you?

Speaker C: No, I'm good on that end. Alicia's messaging me Susie updates. I'm like, please stop.

Speaker B: Just kidding.

Speaker A: Okay, perfect.

Speaker B: Perfect.

Speaker A: On that part of the world.

Speaker B: Yeah, I. I'm. I'll. I was thinking about that. So we'll talk. Okay.

Speaker A: When you're here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. Okay, bye. Bye.

Speaker B: Take care. Bye.

Speaker A: Yeah, thanks. Bye. Bye.

Speaker C: Bye. Yeah, travel safe.

Speaker A: Yeah, thanks.

Speaker C: I'm saying to Alicia says that because they're at. What is it right now? We don't have a booth. And she's saying sushi, special kind. Literally just on her phone the entire time taking pics of anyone. I'm too busy talking and strategizing, thinking. I'm like, we need to buy her three farmers. What are those called? Like, those on the go, like mobile chargers. What are those called? Like, the battery packs. You know what I mean?

Speaker A: For your phone.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. To charge your phone on the go, right?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: So what's going on? Suzy's too busy taking pictures.

Speaker C: Oh, my gosh. What's so funny is I beg the team every time they go, because when they just went to HS chfa, I was like, please someone take photos of the booth. Have you guys standing there, like, hold the coaching mix. And like, no one sends me anything. And I'm like, texting our sales support person who went, yeah, so she's like, the fourth most important person there. So I'm like, carlene, please send me photos. And then nothing. And I'm like, guys. And then Susie's hosting, like, 55 photos with everybody. And I'm like, okay, then ask Susie to post a photo. I'm like, I don't need a selfie. I need a photo of our booth set up. So funny. And then I get back selfies, and I'm like, I don't need selfies. I need, like. Never mind.

Speaker B: Yes, Suzy does that. Anyone she meets, she will take a selfie and then she will post it on social media primary, LinkedIn.

Speaker C: So funny. Okay. Yeah, I. Yeah, you go for it.

Speaker B: Okay, so you know what? I wanted to talk about the promotions. So I'll share my screen

Speaker C: and. Yeah, just taking it as notes. So I'm not trying to be rude.

Speaker B: Oh, by the way of the insurance one, I was taking that out.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: You want me to submit that one, so.

Speaker C: Or can you just show me how? I just. That type of stuff makes me nervous. Remember when we were trying to verify our account forever.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: And. Oh, that one. I have PTSD from that situation. So if you just show me where to do this, maybe I could.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Can you see my screen?

Speaker C: I can, yeah. I just don't want to look at my face.

Speaker A: Sorry.

Speaker B: That's all right. That's all right. So this is the page you have to get to. You have to click on account info. Account info, and then you have to go to business information and then business insurance from there.

Speaker C: Sorry, I could have chatgpt this too. I just, I'm terrified.

Speaker B: Okay, from there you have to. You have to simply fill in this form, name of the insurance and then name of the insured policy number, start date, end date. Don't check this one. Upload the file that you sent me and then click on submit. And also they may send you an email saying it has, it was accepted or it was rejected with the reasons behind rejection. So I mean, just be our. Like, whenever they send something like that, be aware that you need to get back here and then do something else. There may be some other steps. Yeah, this is it.

Speaker C: Okay, so I will do that then.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Because you didn't do it yet, right? Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. Now let's talk about the promotions. So this was the annual promo plan and I have set up the spring on the March and April ones. So again it will expand just a little bit.

Speaker C: Sorry, I have a small screen.

Speaker B: Yeah, 100%. I can do that.

Speaker C: Yeah. Thank you.

Speaker B: So, yeah, so initially this is what I recommended, that we will do one day promo in March and one day promo in April. Both are spring promos. And we are planning to do 15% on the three SKUs, two variety packs, and the new proton snacks. Now what I see on Amazon, we have an opportunity to participate in base deals and these run for seven long days. I know we are typically against this, but these do really well in terms, not just in terms of getting sales, but also in terms of overall ranking boost even after the sales are over. These do really well and creates an urgency. And for these we just need to give 10% off, not 15%.

Speaker C: And that's March 25th to the 31st.

Speaker B: Uhhuh. Yes. Okay.

Speaker C: I bet you she might go for it because it's 10% off.

Speaker B: It's 10% off. Yes. So I'll, I'll check. And these change very quickly. So we need to log this in, see if you can.

Speaker C: Will you be able to email her today? Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so three SKUs.

Speaker C: So that's just the snacks to go,

Speaker B: two snack to goes and one, the new one, the protein snack mixes. For all three, we have the option to participate. And this is going to be good ranking boost.

Speaker C: A good ranking sale. Ranking.

Speaker B: Ranking boost.

Speaker C: That's what I, I heard you, I just couldn't say it. Good ranking sale.

Speaker B: Ranking boost. Ranking. By that I mean sales. Of course we are expecting to get sales, but what I mean by ranking boost is these keywords are also ranking for different keywords on Amazon.

Speaker C: Right?

Speaker B: So for example snacks or healthy snacks. And if we during these seven days, if we do better than the other products who are also selling for similar keywords, then there is a possibility Amazon will keep promoting us or keep, keep showing us up in the search result. Higher in the search result. Which is what I'm trying to get out of this promotion, not just sales boost during these seven days.

Speaker C: Yes. And if I just summarize that if we do well in this sale, Amazon will rank us better for keywords.

Speaker B: Exactly. Healthy snacks and all of those relevant keywords. Now one more thing. If she thinks it's too much to run promos for all three SKUs for seven days even at a 10% in that case we can say, oh, maybe we should, should just. How about we just do it for two SKUs in the that case 18 pack and the protein snack mixes. So you know, if it is too much for three SKUs, we can at least do it for three, two.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, so this is one thing and I think the variety pack, the fava variety, all of those were supposed to be an internal discussion before we discussed this on the meeting. So I'll leave that for now. And one more thing I could do is to walk you through the dashboard.

Speaker C: Yeah, please.

Speaker B: Okay, so we did a review of this in our last meeting as well. But now I wanted to show you the February numbers. I'll start with the USA in the US this is in US dollar by the way. We need 8600. We spent $930 on it. So which is slightly more than 10%. It's at 11% now. And if you compare the February revenue, I mean even the January revenue with last year's, we are doing better. How much better for February? Let's do the math right now. 8605 -6617. 661730 better in the US and in Canada for the month of February we have done $58,000 and we have spent 11,688 which is exactly 20%. So we are maintaining our Spend. And if you look at it, January is even better than. Sorry, February was even better than January this year. And if you compare this year's February with 2025, it's 32,000 versus 58,000. So I believe that comes close to 80% increase. So 18%. 18. 80% increase. 18.

Speaker C: Oh.

Speaker A: 81%.

Speaker B: Yeah. So this is how we have done in February so far. Very promising result. And sorry, we're up 81%

Speaker C: on. In sales.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker C: Really?

Speaker B: Huh.

Speaker C: Wow.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay, great. Sorry, that just sounded like a huge number. Okay, go for it.

Speaker B: Yeah. So this is good result. I hope that we'll be able to keep this traction up with. Especially with the new sku. But also there's another change that is going to happen very soon that the TV commercials. It's going to stop. Right?

Speaker C: Yeah. Do you. And do you think. Do you think that those are helping?

Speaker B: Well, I can only rely on the data so we can keep monitoring the branded search again. I think we should check it right now. Let's do that.

Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah. She will want to know that I think they're also just looking for ways to. Yeah. Like obviously just prove that that was working. Worthwhile. Yeah. For how expensive it was.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Right, right. Right. Now I understand. That's definitely something. Give me one second. It's not loading for some reason. Maybe I'll just log into helium 10. I'm not here. Sorry, it's a little bit slow.

Speaker C: No worries. I'm just rereading my notes.

Speaker B: And Britney, I understand it's very busy right now with so many things going on and the expos. But you know, if you get a chance, maybe next week or whenever you think Alicia is not too busy. I'm sure she is busy all the time, but if you could remind her about the review on Google.

Speaker C: You know what? That's my fault. She did ask me to do it and when I went to go write. Comes up as not our business. It comes up as her sister's name, like Natasha.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: So I was trying to figure out how to get it to be from our brand and I don't think that I can. Okay. I also don't want to personally write it because that really doesn't make sense. So I asked her if it was fine if it came from Natasha's name. That's sort of where. That's just a Google account situation.

Speaker B: Ah, okay. Brittany, I don't know what's going on. It's just taking too long to get this information. I'm not sure. It just keeps loading so maybe there's some kind of a problem. Okay, I'll check it later and send you an email.

Speaker C: Okay, yeah, sounds good.

Speaker B: All right, so these are the two things that I wanted to show you, so if you could let me know about the promo. Yeah, that would be awesome. And is there anything else that you wanted to talk about?

Speaker C: No.

Speaker B: No. Okay.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: How is it going there for you?

Speaker C: Yeah, I think fine. It's just. We have always just so much going on. I feel like. Not that I forget about Amazon, but, like, I kind of forget about Amazon sometimes because I'm like, you've got it. You know what I mean? And so we're doing, like, we also. We're doing a lot more sampling, so, like sending samples to TED Talks. So it's just. I'm feeling very overwhelmed. And then trying to keep social media interesting is really hard. It's not hard. We've had a ton of content that. It's just trying to keep it engaging, I think, is what's hard. Yeah. So it's not just like us shouting. Here's how good we are all the time. Because. Always lots going on. I think we're very. Alicia said that we've doubled, but we haven't grown in staff at all, really, besides the back end, really?

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Like where? Yeah, like warehouse and stuff. Like, when I started there, we had a brand manager, and then we also had a person sort of on the side who did, like, marketing tasks. And now it's just me, so. And I've been trained in none of this. Like, I was. I was hired just to do social media. And, like, my background is photography. Like, that's how I'm just like, I have no idea.

Speaker B: I see you.

Speaker C: So I'm trying. But yeah, yeah, we're working on the storefront. Actually, I should talk to you about the storefront. That's. What a great idea I just had. Let me pull up what I have and you can tell me if I'm on the right track.

Speaker A: So.

Speaker C: Sorry, one second. Documents. Better question is, did I save. Oh, no, forgot. My computer restarted and I'm finding things I'm not sharing to saving to SharePoint like they say they are.

Speaker A: Okay, here it is.

Speaker C: I guess my question, my main question on the strategy here is. Just how to separate the snacks. So this is. This is a document that will go to Alicia. My plan was to finish this, send it to Alicia and yourself for feedback, and then bring it to Lindsay to design. I could design it myself, too. I just don't. It's actually easier when I do it myself. But so I'm thinking, obviously, the hero image using just our main headlines, Homegrown by Canadian farmers. She wants it to be very brand specific. And, like, every time I add a different. Like, I'm doing an email for Camilina right now for a Shopify sale. And I said, one oil that does it all. Because if you look at our brand positioning, our brand positioning essentially says that her and Susie did these. And it literally says, I find myself needing to use different oils. This is the one oil that's good for you. Heart, healthy. So my caption for the email or my main message was one oil that does it all. And she didn't like. Like that. So I'm just trying to stick to, like, the very basic, boring script.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: And then I just have it as protein mixes. Crunchy Bean snacks on the go. Camelina oil, because I was trying to make it even as well. So it would be one main hero image and then the four categories.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay.

Speaker C: Any feedback there?

Speaker B: So, yeah, let me look at that. Put in snack mixes first because that's a new product. You wanted to keep it on the top, right?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: I'll just have her design the tiles separately and then you can put them in whichever way. Like whatever you want it to be on the top. Right. Because aren't they separate pieces?

Speaker B: Yeah, they are. They are, yes. Now for the third one, it's the Crunchy Bean snacks. And are you keeping the. On the go below that? You know, if I only.

Speaker C: Because that's how we have it on the website. Right. Like, we have.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Crunchy Beans next mixes. Oh, no, sorry. Oh, yeah, we have variety packs.

Speaker B: Yeah. I think we should probably keep that as a second item because those do better. So those are more important. That's why. That's what I'm thinking.

Speaker C: Yeah. You can. You can move them however you want. Like, I don't. These aren't in order. It's just like, what we have to do.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. And do you agree with calling them on the go instead of variety packs or.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm okay with that. But I think you will also review this with Alicia.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: So let's see what she has to say.

Speaker C: And then do you know, off the top of your head, just confirming. So the hero. I just pulled these stats online that the hero is 3,000.

Speaker B: Oh, you don't need to do it. Like, how did you find them on Amazon itself? Or did you just. Did you research with.

Speaker C: I think Google and ChatGPT told me these things. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. So how about you actually go in inside Amazon and I'll show you how to look into that.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: There you have so many different options. So it will be. You'll have more flexibility if you look into the storefront. So let's see.

Speaker C: Manage stores.

Speaker B: And edit Brand store. This is the one. Right. So we have this version right now you will see there are two. Like one is mobile version, another one is desktop. So do switch and then see what format is required because they are different. And on the right, on the right you have clicked on it right now, but click on Done A second on the right. Right, top, top, right, top, right. A little bit below that. You see, you'll see done. Done. D O N E Edit just above Editing video. Yes, click on that. Yes. Now you will see all of the modules here. If you scroll down, you will see header first. So click on that. If you want to check out the dimension requirements, you'll see it has to be activated.

Speaker C: So that was the stats I had. That's perfect. And then mobile, I'm assuming it changes, right?

Speaker B: Exactly, it changes. And if you are done checking this out, then you can click on Done.

Speaker C: Did it change? It says it still must be 3,600.

Speaker B: Well, if it says that. So okay, can you click on upload new for a second? Does it promptly. Okay, no. Okay, just stop that. Yeah, so it will be the same for both. In that case, let's.

Speaker C: And then we also have the video like the commercial.

Speaker B: Yeah, I like.

Speaker C: No.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. So I think that on storefront what works better is a video that plays in the background. So if you click on done, I'll show you that option. So click on Done first and then add new section. Click on add new section and then scroll down, scroll down, see if you can find a video in the background or something like something similar background video you see just below that. So what happens with these? It keeps on playing in loops. If you upload a video like we have right now, someone has to click on the play button. And who listens to that video on Amazon? I don't think any. Yeah, so here, if you upload these, this will keep on playing in loop. But you have to. You can see, I have sent you some, sent you some examples that it keeps on playing loop. Those are background videos. You have to communicate whatever idea you want to communicate visually because there will be no audio. So that means with the text that you will write the visuals that you

Speaker A: will have

Speaker B: similar to those store forms. But this is a very good idea.

Speaker C: So to have it you think on the bottom. Looping.

Speaker B: Well, you will have to explore the format. I don't remember exactly what I described in the videos that I sent you. Will it be helpful if we discuss about this another time?

Speaker C: Yes. Or if you re like, we also email too much. So now I'm worried I don't have it. The one I saved. Okay. I have them here. I literally haven't saved since August. Video, video. And then storefront examples. Right. Okay. So actually I'm just gonna upload this really quickly and you tell me how you think this looks or sounds. Silently. Autoplays and loops. Silently. So you're saying it doesn't.

Speaker B: It doesn't have any.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay. So then that doesn't make sense for that video.

Speaker B: People make great use of these, by the way. It makes. It makes a storefront look so. Oh, I can. Attractive.

Speaker C: Is there versions in here?

Speaker B: Yeah. So pure protein, for example, or either of those. You. If you go to. I'm not sure exactly which page. Let's try. Let's start pure protein. And probably it's not on the home page, but even. Even these graphics visuals, you could do them as background videos. Click on protein snacks. So instead of the. You're now on the home page. Click on protein snacks. Let's see if it's there. If not, let's go to the next one. Oh, there you go.

Speaker C: Okay. So we did do this before. So you're saying just redo it?

Speaker B: Sure, yeah. That goes with the storefront.

Speaker C: Didn't we do this? Did we not use it anymore? We did do this.

Speaker B: We did do it for video ads, something similar, but they need to be revised up because we also change the packaging. And I think that was done for the 30 count.

Speaker C: Oh, that's so smart. Did you see that?

Speaker B: Right?

Speaker C: Lindsay might kill me if I ask her. She's not really like. I mean, it's not really what she does, but I think she can figure it out.

Speaker B: And if you need to outsource it, I think. I think I know one agency that's based in Toronto. They may be able to help if you really need that.

Speaker C: Okay. One thing at a time. Like, let's just. Yeah, let me. So I'm going to send off this document so that all seems accurate. And then like, I'm hoping to have this done by the end of the month. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Thank you. Thank you.

Speaker B: No problem.

Speaker C: So when do you come back?

Speaker B: My flight is on March 29th. If everything's okay, I'll be able to return.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Keeps going then.

Speaker A: I don't know.

Speaker C: Do you, do you strike me as a guy who does your own investing? Do you do your own investing?

Speaker B: Yeah, I do, yeah.

Speaker C: Like Questrade or Will simple or what

Speaker B: do you do Quest trade.

Speaker C: Yeah. I knew you'd be a quest trade guy. I don't know why I knew that. I have, well, simple and I saw that it dipped a little, like a little 3% yesterday. So I, I had money, I had cash sitting in my rsp. So I just bought some. Sorry, sorry.

Speaker B: What did you buy? I know it was simple.

Speaker C: I bought that veqt.

Speaker B: Ah, I see, I see. Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah, I used to be like solely xeqt. Uh huh. But then Vanguard lowered their, their fees. But then, yeah, like yesterday. Yes. I actually bought it like right here, which was great.

Speaker B: Awesome.

Speaker C: But not that it really, really matters. But yeah. Yeah. My brother actually works for Vanguard, which is crazy. So I'm always telling. I don't think he. I'm like, tell me what to buy. But he never does. He's. I don't think he's allowed to either. But I told him I was like, by the way, I'm doing all my own investing now and I just bought like veqt. And he goes, oh, actually the guy who manages that sits right next to me. I'm like, that is so crazy. And every time I try to ask him, I'm like, what do you do? He's my stepbrother and he's like the youngest of us. Like he's, you know, the youngest of five. There's five of us kids and so we always are like, we know he's a genius, but he's also kind of like, we always joke. He got a perfect score in the SAT but can't drink a Gatorade without spilling it all over himself. He's that type of guy. And so I think he trades him and three other people are in charge of some multi billion dollar fund and they're just trading currencies and stuff all day for Vanguard. I'm like, that is crazy because he has to GPS his way home every day and I'm like, how are you in charge of the world's money? It's so interesting.

Speaker B: I am, by the way, not a very disciplined investor. I'm not. And I'm also a very risky player. So.

Speaker C: Okay. Do you day trade?

Speaker B: No, I don't. What I mean by that is I'm really into crypto.

Speaker C: Oh, okay. I see that for you too.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: But I don't gamble.

Speaker B: Honestly. Yeah, I guess so.

Speaker C: I Have until recently, I guess. But it's kind of. It made a little comeback. Right.

Speaker B: Well, that's the opportunity because I sold it, let's say when it was at the peak. So Ethereum, for example, was reached US$4600. I sold everything I had at that time. And then now it's going back down and I'm buying, buying, buying.

Speaker C: Okay. Smart, smart, smart. Is this. Are you doing this inside of like, what account are you doing this inside of?

Speaker B: I have a separate account for crypto and also inside the TFSA. I can do it with ETF. We cannot invest.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: In crypto, but there are ETFs.

Speaker C: Okay. I think, I think I could see that. Well, simple has that too now. Yeah. I just don't know enough about crypto. And then all the guys I follow who in my lane, there's. They're not anti crypto, but they're just like, it's. If you're not a finance bro. Which I'm not. They just kind of advise not to do it. And so I agree. I just, I'm not smart and I'm like, I lost a lot of money. I'm already watching the market. Like I already am interested and like on some Reddit threads and stuff. I don't want to be like more into it. I think is what my thing is because it's.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: But I'm excited to rip my. I have a open account in an RSP with a pretty high fee advisor before I knew any better. So next big promotion with, well, simple, I'm ripping that out of there.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: I'm excited. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Because 2%, I was just like, yeah, 2%, that's fine.

Speaker B: Take a lot if you calculate clearly.

Speaker C: I didn't understand percentages. I was like, yeah, 2% of my 100%. Fine. And I'm like, no, no, no, no, no. It's 2% of the. On average 11% that they make. And then you like then two is gone. Then another two is gone for inflation. And I'm like, oh my gosh, then I'm getting 4% returns my whole life.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: So once I realized that, I was like, get the F out of here.

Speaker B: Yeah. And also, by the way, gold and silver, I'm big on those.

Speaker C: On what?

Speaker B: Gold and gold and silver.

Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah. I was going to guess. Did you. You sold before that little crash or.

Speaker B: I was. Not that I was expecting a crash, but I didn't really sell.

Speaker C: Mm.

Speaker B: But those are some really good moves.

Speaker C: Yeah. I looked into some gold and silver, like ETFs, but I. There was just so many of them, and I didn't feel like researching all of them, so I was like, never mind. I'll just stay in my. Boring. I bought Nvidia when it was, like, down. It's actually still pretty down. I bought it when I was, like, 178 or something. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: You know, it's just me. By the way, I'm not a very disciplined investor. I mentioned that before. So please don't take advice from me. I'm just sharing more information.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like every TikTok video, it's like, this is not financial advice. And then they only talk about finances. I'm like, well, this is like, financial advice. Yeah, no, I hear you. It's fine. I won't do crypto because I don't understand it and it scares me, so don't worry.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay, well, chat. I'll bug Alicia today. I think they're on the. They're at Expo west, obviously. But I'll try and get an answer about the promotions.

Speaker A: Sure, yeah.

Speaker B: Please, please let me know about that.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Alrighty. Have a good day.

Speaker B: Yeah, you too. Bye now.

Speaker C: Okay, bye.

Speaker B: Kigo. Kigo.

Speaker A: Hello,

Speaker B: aj.

