Transcript for: Recording__764.mp4
Title: Recording #764
============================================================

Morning. 9:30. Yeah. Nice. Yeah. Okay. Sometimes I'm like, nobody shares the time. Nobody shares my time zone anymore. Back when I was in the eastern central time, a lot of my students did, but now I think I have, like, literally no one. No one? Yep. No. Yeah. No, I. I have a few native Spanish speakers from a few countries around here, but they're mostly, like, in California. New York. That's where a lot of people are on one end or the other. Okay. Yeah. So how is it going? It's going pretty good. I have not been bitten by too many bugs. Monkeys, yes. Bugs, not as much. And I only got peed on, like, once yesterday. Oh, my goodness. Okay, I'm trying to fix my mic. How do I plug this in? Okay. Sorry. Can you. No, it's all good. Is it misbehaving? Well, no, I. Can you hear me properly then? I don't need to fix this. Okay. Yeah, I can hear you. It was a different mic. Yeah. Okay. Oh, you. You want two mics? No, I mean, it's this mic that I usually use, you know, but then this is probably the cameras mic, the webcams. Is there maybe one in your headphones at all? One there, too. Oh, you're just. You're full of mics over there. Yeah. Yeah, fair enough. Yeah, no, I can hear you. At least One of your 50 mics is working, so no worries. How are you this morning? Have you been up to anything fun since last class? Yeah, I have been doing some practice today. This morning it was better than last week and I'm getting less distracted. I'm not just talking about, you know, just practicing your stuff, but also this week was better than the last week overall. Anyway, I did some practice. I rewatched the entire class and also was going through the practice sheet. Yeah. So that's what I did. Nice. Did you get a chance to look at the stuff I sent you at the end of last class? Talking about when o can be pronounced as the au sound? I'm sorry, I just saw some. I mean, you mentioned those words, but I didn't practice that sound. No, we haven't gone over this sound yet. I briefly sent you, like, an optional site. Remember I said if you have time for it, it's totally optional. You can look at, like, the spelling paths. We're going over the sound today. I didn't take a look at that website you sent me. Hey, no worries. We haven't gone over the sound yet, so. Yeah, we're actually going to do that in just a minute. So. Do you have any questions before we go on to that sound? Well, I don't have any questions, but I think that I am doing a bit better than what I did in the last class. I. You know what? I have observed this a lot. This sound. Whenever there is a. There is an o, people in many words, they pronounce it differently. And I'm familiar with that sound to some extent. So after re. Watching the class and doing the practice, I feel that it's a bit better. Like, that you've been able to notice a little bit more as well. Yeah. And you know what? These days I'm noticing especially E, the E sound. Short E sound. I mean, a lot. It's like everywhere. It's in everywhere. So, yeah, it is everywhere. Whenever I speak with a client, a potential client, or even watch a listen, I mean, yesterday I was just taking a long walk and then listening to a video. I can notice it everywhere now. Yeah, that's good. That's good. It's. It's definitely good. That is the main goal is being able to kind of notice and seeing the different sounds and then recognizing, okay, this is where I need to make them. That's one of the reasons we did that so much with schwa. Right. Because schwa, especially since it changes with some words, because before be. For potential. Potential things like that, it's really is important to really notice where these sounds are when you're mixing them up. So that's really good that you're noticing where that is. Hopefully, you know, the goal would be to notice the au as well. So noticing a difference between maybe a word like coffee dog, ones like that and other short O sounds. And so we're going to look at the sound today, and then I would be very interested if you could hear this sound, how you're hearing short e. So let's go ahead and open it. It's called the AU Digraph worksheet. Worksheet, Yep. Yeah. And also long, Easy. Okay. This pronunciation was not too good. Worksheet. This is okay. But anyway. Yeah. Do you want me to read this? Yes, please. Okay. A diagraph consists of two letters that combine to make one sound. So this is the first of its kind. Some diagraphs appear as examples of vowel sounds in other worksheets, such as the EA in meet, which is a long. Yes. However, some digraphs like au make a unique sound. This singular sound may or may not be reminiscent. May not be reminiscent of the sounds that each of the letters represent individually. Okay, so let's break that down real quick before we move on. What is it talking about? So why is it called au digraph specifically for this sound? I don't know the meaning of the word digraph, but what I feel it's saying is the these two together is pronounced differently than a or u individually. Is that what strikes? Yeah, definitely. So what does it say for the first paragraph? It kind of explains what a digraph is. Yes. A diagram consists of two letters that combine to make one sound. Some diagraphs appear. I'm just reading it again. No, no, just the first part. Just the first part. A digraph consists. So that talks about what a digraph is. Because you were saying you weren't completely sure. Yeah, that's what it's saying. It's a digraph. It's just with two vowel sounds make one sound. And so it was saying. We've seen digraphs before, you know, you notice this is, like, the first of its kind. We've seen this before, like in the ea for meat. But the reason this is called au digraph is because it's more consistent with this sound. We'll see that when we get to the examples is that once in a while we'll have like an ea for me or something like that. But almost every single time. Not every single time, but it's way more common to need a diagraph for this sound. In fact, when this sound first came around, it was almost. Almost always spelled with like an awa, u, something like that. Nowadays, like we talked about last week, sometimes people will say it with just an o, sometimes people say it with just an a, things like that. But it all started with, like, an a, and then either u or w. And we're going to see that quite a bit. So that's why this sound gets like the badge, the digraph badge. Whereas other sounds sometimes use it, this one relies on it, if that makes sense. So, any questions about that? No? Perfect. Let's go ahead and read the rest. Remember, you could read all of them, except skip the note. Okay. In this case of au, the tongue position. The tongue position reflects that of the leg short A, with the tongue relaxed but arched up slightly in the back. I don't know what I'm reading. In the case of au, the tongue position reflects that the legs shorty with the tongue relaxed up. Relaxed but arched up slightly in the back. I forgot how lax short is pronounced. I'm so sorry. Hey, no worries. We'll review it. It's been a minute. At the same time, the lips are pursed to form a. Yeah, pursed to form A W position, but not quite as tight as a W. The tongue and lip positions are formed in unison without any movement, creating a static sound. This sound is very close to the O in many other languages. However, make sure not to tighten the lips too much. Another detail is important to distinguish the sound from short O is that it is usually elongated for a full beat at the end of the of a word. Okay, the. Okay, I'll read the last one. The au diagraph occurs with au aw and in most regions when an A comes before L as well as in the word board along with its produce. Broad along with its derivatives. Yeah, yeah. So are you familiar with that word derivatives? No, I mean for finances. Yes, I have heard that. But what's. What's the meaning in finances? I mean it's. I mean investment wise. So I am not too familiar. I just know the word derivatives. It's not. Sorry, I'm not an expert. No, I'm just curious if it's similar, if we can link this at all. It's just not direct. It's just different kind of style options and all. It's just a bit complicated. Not like direct buying stock or anything. It's a bit different. Anyway, there are so many kinds of derivatives out there. Fair enough. So I'll tell you this one and then you could let me know if it is financial at all. So it just means we have the word broad and then we have words that we build off of it. For example, Broadway. Yes. So anytime you see broad in a compound word or in a combination with something, that's the derivative of the word broad, that's kind of similar concept. Yes. Okay, so you are saying. Okay, go ahead and please explain this. I mean, I understand the concept of derivative here, but what. How does it relate to this pronunciation? Sure. So it says for the last paragraph here, when do we pronounce this sound? So it's talking about this spelling a little bit. So it says the au digraph occurs when. When the au digraph occurs with au aw. And in most region when a. When an A comes before L as well as in the word bored. Broad along with its derivatives. So why the word broad specifically? That's very awkward. I'm not sure why it has to be fancy. Maybe loan word from somewhere. I'll look into it because I've always been a little curious, but I've never seen the reason why. Yeah, but just for right now, all we need to know is would we see au aw? When does a do this comes to be for real? Yes. And then in the word broad and all its derivatives. So now we need to know, okay, would we see broad and then anything that we build onto Broad, Broadway. Yes. Broad. Walk broadly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Anything like that. We pronounce it with this a U sound. So that's the context here, is when to pronounce it is. Oh, with this spelling and this word specifically for whatever reason. So, yeah, that's the reason that's kind of pointing this out. So does that make sense on when to recognize this sound? Yes. One question. It's good. It's clear enough that it says it occurs with au. Awesome. And then it says in most regions, when an a comes before. This is just a very awkward question. Why do they have to say it in that way instead of just saying al, Instead of like, writing out and saying in most regions and then having like al. Yeah, al, like they said au Aw. Why not just mention al instead of that, they're saying when A comes before an L, like an A comes before L. Why is that? Is there a reason? I think they just want to be very specific. Okay. Because sometimes if a student sees just a l, like if it says and in al, they might think al the word rather than in all words where a is before l. Most words, actually, there are some words where you don't do this. Like in Alabama. It's not Alabama. Okay. So, yes. It just wanted to very specifically lay out the situation rather than people thinking maybe it's a word like al is all and then ignoring every other time. All right, so this. Any questions out here? No. Perfect. So it did mention another vowel that we went over a long time ago. Which one did it mention? Lac, short a. Yes. So what does it say we have to do? Why does it mention lac short a here? It says that the tongue position reflects that of lack short a. The tongue relaxed but arched up slightly in the back. Yes. So the only difference between lack, shore, A and au is the lips. So to get this sound, we have to go back and practice lacshaw A. So let's go to Lakshore A and. And review for just a minute. Okay. I'm in the worksheet. Yep. Lac. Your A worksheet, please. Yes. And there. Do you want me to read that? Nope, we've already read this, so let's go ahead and go to the second part. And we could skip. Right. The diagram. Yes. So what is happening? It says arch the rear of the tongue up just a little. Keep your lips relaxed. Keep the jaw slightly open. Yes. And as a reminder, it might help you Remember this sound a little bit. If you remember, this is the one that comes before R, after W, and in loan words. Do you remember going over it at all? I mean, I can remember, but you know what? I. It's been a while that I haven't practiced. Hey, no worries. That's why I always pull this up whenever we do the new one. In fact, there's an entire sheet we're going to go over that talks about lack, short, a, short o, and au. So these are all very mixed together, and they're very important to individualize. Let's go to the examples very quickly. Okay. So I'm going to read the first two, and all you have to notice for the first two is one, how this sound sounds when I say it, but also what my lips are doing. So the main difference between lack, shore, A and au digraph is the lips. So just notice that you know how it sounds and that my lips are. What will they be doing now? I forgot what we were doing with lips. So what am I doing with the lips? What does it say in the diagraph here? Or in the. In lax short, we're relaxing it. Yes, yes. So you'll notice that I'm not really moving them as I read the first two lines here. So it would be pretty lazy. We'll be like art, father watch car cards, Pilates are water. Well, with water, the W interfered there, but with the actual A sound. Want far quantum wash. So sometimes a sound before it would interfere, but the actual sound itself, the lips can be totally relaxed. I want you to read the next two lines, and as you're reading, just a little refresher. Pay attention where your tongue is. Relax the lips and just get more familiar with the tongue movement here. And then we're going to use the same tongue movement in our new sound. Okay, I see. So where should your tongue be? It's. Well, ideally, the rear of the tongue should be a little bit arched up, and it should be pretty much relaxed, I believe. Right. Other than that. But. Yes. Did you have a question? No, I. I just don't remember practicing this tongue position a lot, but it just happens to be a natural, I think. Let's see. Let's try. Yes. Yeah. As a reminder, make sure that the tip of your tongue, if you're having a hard time arching up. What can you do? Just tip of the tongue should be pulled a little bit back so that it arches automatically. Yes. Yeah. Because we don't really use these muscles in the back of our tongue very much, so sometimes it's helpful to push the tongue in the front where we have better control and that can help us naturally Arc it back that way. Yes. Yeah, yeah. Okay, so let me give it a try. The third and fourth one. Right. Chart. Pasta. Market. Arm. Karma. Heart. Charlie. Plaza. One star. Start. Architect. So what were you feeling tongue wise? I felt that I was not consistent. What were some changes that you noticed? Okay, here's the thing. I didn't notice much. I tried to move the tip of the tongue a little bit towards the back. That's what I tried. But I felt like I was doing it trying to pronounce it as naturally as I do. So didn't really observe much with what is going on with my tongue. Exactly. All right. It might be helpful if maybe if we go to the practice page specifically so that we have words that start with this sound. Sometimes it's a little easier. Let's go there. Okay, I'm there. All right, so we're lack short A practice. We have words that start with lack, shore, A. It's. It's mostly lacks short A plus R and the lack shard. A plus L plus after W. Let's. Oh, come on. Worksheet. How rude. Okay, let's go back to the worksheet because this sheet is being a little rude. So we only have a few here. We have art R. Yeah, Art R. Comp. Yeah, there you go. So you have four to work with here. It might be a helpful practice to go to the practice sheet and see if we can hunt down some more or if you can hunt down some more as practice. But for right now, art arm. Architect. Read those ones and let me know what you're feeling. So where's the tip of your tongue? Yes. Where's the back of your tongue? Art R. Arm. Architect. Architect. I was like, I dragged it so much. Architect. Arm. Art arm. Well, I'm sure that I'm pulling my tongue a little bit, the tip of the tongue a little bit back, but I'm not sure about the heart. So you're feeling that the tip of your tug is away from your teeth. Yes. Are you feeling your tongue on your molars in the back at all? When you say like, not everyone does. No worries there. Generally a good way to tell if your tongue is up is if the tip is pulled back. Because if the tip of your tongue goes back, I mean, your tongue isn't exactly able to stay flat. Yeah. Is the tip of your tongue on the bottom of bottom, middle, top? Where. Where is it Height wise? The tip of the tongue is Bottom. Like it's almost down there. Yeah. So keeping that in mind, where the tip of the tongue was, it basically in the same spot with all these words. Let's try again. Art, Arm, architect. What was the other one? Let's see. R. R. No, R is different. Definitely R. Okay, hold on. Art, R, Arm, Architect. Yeah, more or less the same. Okay. Keep that same position because it sounds good there. Just reread these other ones where it's in the middle, like Father watch, car card. You can put stress on it if it helps you realize. Father watch, things like that. Try to keep the same position. Yeah. Sounded like you were trying to imitate how I'm stretching it for a while. Nope. I'm just saying that you're allowed to, because some people, when you're concentrating on the position, you can do that. It's habit you want to break kind of quickly because you don't want to do that every single time. But right here, where we're just kind of putting our feelers out to say it's totally fine. When you're practicing the sound in the future, you're going to try to cut that out. But just for right now, it's fine. Okay. You don't. Like I said, sometimes people start this and then they can't stop. But I don't think that's. It's a big word you have to worry about too much. So. Yeah. Okay. Okay, let's try Father watch, card. Pilates, Water. Want Far. Quantum wash. Chard Pasta Market. Karma, Hard Charlie Plaza. Wand, Star start. Yeah, I think I'm still moving the tip of the tongue back. Do you think there is a difference? I heard a couple variants, but overall the tug sounds like it's in the right place. Sometimes I could hear a little bit of interference with the beginning sound. Yeah. But I think that's mostly. That's not an issue with you making the sound. It's just an interference issue, which you can. Which we can work on later. Any questions on how to make that? No, no, it's fine. Perfect. Then let's go back to the au. Let's go to the examples. Now, what's the change we're making here? The lip is changing and we are making a W sound. I have read something like that. The lips are parsed to form a W position, but it's not as tight as W. Yes. So remember, W position. W sound a little bit different. Yes. So it's a very delicate balance here. So I'm going to read the first few. Just the first few words and I want you to see now, my lips won't be like Father Pilates. They're going to be forward. And just how much you can go ahead and observe. So, like, awesome pause law. So it's not fully going forward. Like a W. Like if I made a W sound like water. Watch. Wind. Completely forward. But these ones, it's kind of a halfway point. So, like, awesome Pause law. Autism. Awful. Austin. Lawn saw. Yeah. So could you see the difference? Yeah, I see the difference. It's like when you're pronouncing W, it's totally pointed. It's. Yeah, it's more dramatic. This one is like you're trying to make a W and then you got lazy. Same tongue position. You make a lazy W, basically. Can you go ahead and take over? Sure. And read the next ones? Yeah. You read the last first two lines, did you? Yes, yes, I read up to saw. Okay. How do you pronounce? Almost. Okay, almost. Almost. Austria. Yawn. Kraal. Audit. Australia. Dawn, Swallow, Claus, August. It was totally different. Launch, Call. Cause, Auto. Although. Broadway. Broadway. Yes. Yeah, Broadway. That's a derivative. So you did note, you already noted you have a big variation in these sounds. Yeah. That completely coming from your lip movement. Some of them you kept completely relaxed. Some of them you went forward quite nicely. When you rewatch this video, you'll see that just for video's sake, if you want to read the first two lines so that you could see how it goes. You know what? See, when I am viewing the document, then I cannot see myself. So it's not recorded. So anyway, I'll hear it. Oh, you can't see yourself. No. Okay, I want you to hold on. Oh, sorry. I thought you would were able to see both of us. Would you went back and watched. No, When I look at my screen, I cannot watch. Neither you or me. But it's just the screen. Yeah. Anyway, okay, in that case, if you could go ahead and read all the words, then. What just happened? Okay, I'm recording. So that you can go back and actually see yourself. Okay. Awesome. Pause law. Autism. Awful. Austin, Lawn, Saw. Almost. Austria. Jan. Kraal. Audit. Australia. Dawn, Swallow. Clause. August. Launch Call. Clause. Auto. Although. Broadway. So I'll read it so that you have a visual comparison as well. Awesome. Pause law. Autism. Awful. Austin. Lon. Saw. Almost. Austria. Yawn. Crawl. Audit, Australia. Dawn, Swallow. Cause. August. Launch Call. Cause. Auto. Although. Broadway. Okay. All right. Thank you. And there you go. We'll go ahead and finish the sound next time. Yes, but just for practice, now you have that visual comparison one thing I noticed is that you were dropping your jaw in many of these words. I feel like you were in your brain. You were like, okay, I have to make a movement. My lips have to feel different. So instead of pushing them forward in some of these words, you were dropping your jaw. So I want you to keep an eye out for that as you re watch the video recording I just made. So compare both of them. We're going to go over the sound more, see what you notice next time. So it would be helpful to now review lack short a short o because that's part of the family and au. Okay. All right. Any questions? No, that's all. All right. I mean, that's. Yeah, of course. In that case, I will see you next time. Yes. And let me know if anything comes up before that. Sure. Yeah. Thank you so much. Have a great day. You too. Bye. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Morning.

Speaker B: 9:30. Yeah.

Speaker A: Nice.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Sometimes I'm like, nobody shares the time. Nobody shares my time zone anymore. Back when I was in the eastern central time, a lot of my students did, but now I think I have, like, literally no one.

Speaker B: No one?

Speaker A: Yep. No. Yeah. No, I. I have a few native Spanish speakers from a few countries around here, but they're mostly, like, in California. New York. That's where a lot of people are on one end or the other.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So how is it going?

Speaker A: It's going pretty good. I have not been bitten by too many bugs. Monkeys, yes. Bugs, not as much. And I only got peed on, like, once yesterday.

Speaker B: Oh, my goodness. Okay, I'm trying to fix my mic. How do I plug this in? Okay.

Speaker A: Sorry. Can you. No, it's all good. Is it misbehaving?

Speaker B: Well, no, I. Can you hear me properly then? I don't need to fix this. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, I can hear you.

Speaker B: It was a different mic. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Oh, you. You want two mics?

Speaker B: No, I mean, it's this mic that I usually use, you know, but then this is probably the cameras mic, the webcams.

Speaker A: Is there maybe one in your headphones at all?

Speaker B: One there, too.

Speaker A: Oh, you're just. You're full of mics over there.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah, fair enough.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, I can hear you. At least One of your 50 mics is working, so no worries. How are you this morning? Have you been up to anything fun since last class?

Speaker B: Yeah, I have been doing some practice today. This morning it was better than last week and I'm getting less distracted. I'm not just talking about, you know, just practicing your stuff, but also this week was better than the last week overall. Anyway, I did some practice. I rewatched the entire class and also was going through the practice sheet. Yeah. So that's what I did.

Speaker A: Nice. Did you get a chance to look at the stuff I sent you at the end of last class? Talking about when o can be pronounced as the au sound?

Speaker B: I'm sorry, I just saw some. I mean, you mentioned those words, but I didn't practice that sound.

Speaker A: No, we haven't gone over this sound yet. I briefly sent you, like, an optional site. Remember I said if you have time for it, it's totally optional. You can look at, like, the spelling paths. We're going over the sound today.

Speaker B: I didn't take a look at that website you sent me.

Speaker A: Hey, no worries. We haven't gone over the sound yet, so. Yeah, we're actually going to do that in just a minute. So. Do you have any questions before we go on to that sound?

Speaker B: Well, I don't have any questions, but I think that I am doing a bit better than what I did in the last class. I. You know what? I have observed this a lot. This sound. Whenever there is a. There is an o, people in many words, they pronounce it differently. And I'm familiar with that sound to some extent. So after re. Watching the class and doing the practice, I feel that it's a bit better.

Speaker A: Like, that you've been able to notice a little bit more as well.

Speaker B: Yeah. And you know what? These days I'm noticing especially E, the E sound. Short E sound. I mean, a lot. It's like everywhere.

Speaker A: It's in everywhere.

Speaker B: So, yeah, it is everywhere. Whenever I speak with a client, a potential client, or even watch a listen, I mean, yesterday I was just taking a long walk and then listening to a video. I can notice it everywhere now.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's good. That's good. It's. It's definitely good. That is the main goal is being able to kind of notice and seeing the different sounds and then recognizing, okay, this is where I need to make them. That's one of the reasons we did that so much with schwa. Right. Because schwa, especially since it changes with some words, because before be. For potential. Potential things like that, it's really is important to really notice where these sounds are when you're mixing them up. So that's really good that you're noticing where that is. Hopefully, you know, the goal would be to notice the au as well. So noticing a difference between maybe a word like coffee dog, ones like that and other short O sounds. And so we're going to look at the sound today, and then I would be very interested if you could hear this sound, how you're hearing short e. So let's go ahead and open it. It's called the AU Digraph worksheet. Worksheet, Yep.

Speaker B: Yeah. And also long, Easy. Okay. This pronunciation was not too good. Worksheet. This is okay. But anyway. Yeah. Do you want me to read this?

Speaker A: Yes, please.

Speaker B: Okay. A diagraph consists of two letters that combine to make one sound. So this is the first of its kind. Some diagraphs appear as examples of vowel sounds in other worksheets, such as the EA in meet, which is a long. Yes. However, some digraphs like au make a unique sound. This singular sound may or may not be reminiscent. May not be reminiscent of the sounds that each of the letters represent individually.

Speaker A: Okay, so let's break that down real quick before we move on. What is it talking about? So why is it called au digraph specifically for this sound?

Speaker B: I don't know the meaning of the word digraph, but what I feel it's saying is the these two together is pronounced differently than a or u individually. Is that what strikes?

Speaker A: Yeah, definitely. So what does it say for the first paragraph? It kind of explains what a digraph is.

Speaker B: Yes. A diagram consists of two letters that combine to make one sound. Some diagraphs appear. I'm just reading it again.

Speaker A: No, no, just the first part. Just the first part. A digraph consists. So that talks about what a digraph is. Because you were saying you weren't completely sure. Yeah, that's what it's saying. It's a digraph. It's just with two vowel sounds make one sound. And so it was saying. We've seen digraphs before, you know, you notice this is, like, the first of its kind. We've seen this before, like in the ea for meat. But the reason this is called au digraph is because it's more consistent with this sound. We'll see that when we get to the examples is that once in a while we'll have like an ea for me or something like that. But almost every single time. Not every single time, but it's way more common to need a diagraph for this sound. In fact, when this sound first came around, it was almost. Almost always spelled with like an awa, u, something like that. Nowadays, like we talked about last week, sometimes people will say it with just an o, sometimes people say it with just an a, things like that. But it all started with, like, an a, and then either u or w. And we're going to see that quite a bit. So that's why this sound gets like the badge, the digraph badge. Whereas other sounds sometimes use it, this one relies on it, if that makes sense. So, any questions about that?

Speaker B: No?

Speaker A: Perfect. Let's go ahead and read the rest. Remember, you could read all of them, except skip the note.

Speaker B: Okay. In this case of au, the tongue position. The tongue position reflects that of the leg short A, with the tongue relaxed but arched up slightly in the back. I don't know what I'm reading. In the case of au, the tongue position reflects that the legs shorty with the tongue relaxed up. Relaxed but arched up slightly in the back. I forgot how lax short is pronounced. I'm so sorry.

Speaker A: Hey, no worries. We'll review it. It's been a minute.

Speaker B: At the same time, the lips are pursed to form a. Yeah, pursed to form A W position, but not quite as tight as a W. The tongue and lip positions are formed in unison without any movement, creating a static sound. This sound is very close to the O in many other languages. However, make sure not to tighten the lips too much. Another detail is important to distinguish the sound from short O is that it is usually elongated for a full beat at the end of the of a word. Okay, the. Okay, I'll read the last one. The au diagraph occurs with au aw and in most regions when an A comes before L as well as in the word board along with its produce. Broad along with its derivatives.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So are you familiar with that word derivatives?

Speaker B: No, I mean for finances. Yes, I have heard that. But

Speaker A: what's. What's the meaning in finances?

Speaker B: I mean it's. I mean investment wise. So I am not too familiar. I just know the word derivatives. It's not. Sorry, I'm not an expert.

Speaker A: No, I'm just curious if it's similar, if we can link this at all.

Speaker B: It's just not direct. It's just different kind of style options and all. It's just a bit complicated. Not like direct buying stock or anything. It's a bit different. Anyway, there are so many kinds of derivatives out there.

Speaker A: Fair enough. So I'll tell you this one and then you could let me know if it is financial at all. So it just means we have the word broad and then we have words that we build off of it. For example, Broadway.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So anytime you see broad in a compound word or in a combination with something, that's the derivative of the word

Speaker B: broad, that's kind of similar concept. Yes. Okay, so you are saying. Okay, go ahead and please explain this. I mean, I understand the concept of derivative here, but what. How does it relate to this pronunciation?

Speaker A: Sure. So it says for the last paragraph here, when do we pronounce this sound? So it's talking about this spelling a little bit. So it says the au digraph occurs when.

Speaker B: When the au digraph occurs with au aw. And in most region when a. When an A comes before L as well as in the word bored. Broad along with its derivatives. So why the word broad specifically? That's very awkward.

Speaker A: I'm not sure why it has to be fancy. Maybe loan word from somewhere. I'll look into it because I've always been a little curious, but I've never seen the reason why. Yeah, but just for right now, all we need to know is would we see au aw? When does a do this comes to be for real? Yes. And then in the word broad and all its derivatives. So now we need to know, okay, would we see broad and then anything that we build onto Broad, Broadway.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Broad. Walk broadly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Anything like that. We pronounce it with this a U sound. So that's the context here, is when to pronounce it is. Oh, with this spelling and this word specifically for whatever reason. So, yeah, that's the reason that's kind of pointing this out. So does that make sense on when to recognize this sound?

Speaker B: Yes. One question. It's good. It's clear enough that it says it occurs with au. Awesome. And then it says in most regions, when an a comes before. This is just a very awkward question. Why do they have to say it in that way instead of just saying al,

Speaker A: Instead of like, writing out and saying in most regions and then having like al.

Speaker B: Yeah, al, like they said au Aw. Why not just mention al instead of that, they're saying when A comes before an L, like an A comes before L. Why is that? Is there a reason?

Speaker A: I think they just want to be very specific.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Because sometimes if a student sees just a l, like if it says and in al, they might think al the word rather than in all words where a is before l. Most words, actually, there are some words where you don't do this. Like in Alabama. It's not Alabama. Okay. So, yes. It just wanted to very specifically lay out the situation rather than people thinking maybe it's a word like al is all and then ignoring every other time. All right, so this. Any questions out here?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: Perfect. So it did mention another vowel that we went over a long time ago. Which one did it mention?

Speaker B: Lac, short a.

Speaker A: Yes. So what does it say we have to do? Why does it mention lac short a here?

Speaker B: It says that the tongue position reflects that of lack short a. The tongue relaxed but arched up slightly in the back.

Speaker A: Yes. So the only difference between lack, shore, A and au is the lips. So to get this sound, we have to go back and practice lacshaw A. So let's go to Lakshore A and. And review for just a minute.

Speaker B: Okay. I'm in the worksheet.

Speaker A: Yep. Lac. Your A worksheet, please.

Speaker B: Yes. And there. Do you want me to read that?

Speaker A: Nope, we've already read this, so let's go ahead and go to the second part. And we could skip. Right. The diagram.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So what is happening?

Speaker B: It says arch the rear of the tongue up just a little. Keep your lips relaxed. Keep the jaw slightly open.

Speaker A: Yes. And as a reminder, it might help you Remember this sound a little bit. If you remember, this is the one that comes before R, after W, and in loan words. Do you remember going over it at all?

Speaker B: I mean, I can remember, but you know what? I. It's been a while that I haven't practiced.

Speaker A: Hey, no worries. That's why I always pull this up whenever we do the new one. In fact, there's an entire sheet we're going to go over that talks about lack, short, a, short o, and au. So these are all very mixed together, and they're very important to individualize. Let's go to the examples very quickly.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So I'm going to read the first two, and all you have to notice for the first two is one, how this sound sounds when I say it, but also what my lips are doing. So the main difference between lack, shore, A and au digraph is the lips. So just notice that you know how it sounds and that my lips are. What will they be doing

Speaker B: now? I forgot what we were doing with lips.

Speaker A: So what am I doing with the lips? What does it say in the diagraph here? Or in the.

Speaker B: In lax short, we're relaxing it. Yes, yes.

Speaker A: So you'll notice that I'm not really moving them as I read the first two lines here. So it would be pretty lazy. We'll be like art, father watch car cards, Pilates are water. Well, with water, the W interfered there, but with the actual A sound. Want far quantum wash. So sometimes a sound before it would interfere, but the actual sound itself, the lips can be totally relaxed. I want you to read the next two lines, and as you're reading, just a little refresher. Pay attention where your tongue is. Relax the lips and just get more familiar with the tongue movement here. And then we're going to use the same tongue movement in our new sound.

Speaker B: Okay, I see.

Speaker A: So where should your tongue be?

Speaker B: It's. Well, ideally, the rear of the tongue should be a little bit arched up, and it should be pretty much relaxed, I believe. Right. Other than that. But.

Speaker A: Yes. Did you have a question?

Speaker B: No, I. I just don't remember practicing this tongue position a lot, but it just happens to be a natural, I think. Let's see. Let's try.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: As a reminder, make sure that the tip of your tongue, if you're having a hard time arching up. What can you do?

Speaker B: Just tip of the tongue should be pulled a little bit back so that it arches automatically.

Speaker A: Yes. Yeah. Because we don't really use these muscles in the back of our tongue very much, so sometimes it's helpful to push the tongue in the front where we have better control and that can help us naturally Arc it back that way.

Speaker B: Yes. Yeah, yeah. Okay, so let me give it a try. The third and fourth one. Right. Chart. Pasta. Market. Arm. Karma. Heart. Charlie. Plaza. One star. Start. Architect.

Speaker A: So what were you feeling tongue wise?

Speaker B: I felt that I was not consistent.

Speaker A: What were some changes that you noticed?

Speaker B: Okay, here's the thing. I didn't notice much. I tried to move the tip of the tongue a little bit towards the back. That's what I tried. But I felt like I was doing it trying to pronounce it as naturally as I do. So didn't really observe much with what is going on with my tongue. Exactly.

Speaker A: All right. It might be helpful if maybe if we go to the practice page specifically so that we have words that start with this sound. Sometimes it's a little easier.

Speaker B: Let's go there. Okay, I'm there.

Speaker A: All right, so we're lack short A practice. We have words that start with lack, shore, A.

Speaker B: It's. It's mostly lacks short A plus R and the lack shard. A plus L plus after W.

Speaker A: Let's. Oh, come on. Worksheet. How rude. Okay, let's go back to the worksheet because this sheet is being a little rude. So we only have a few here. We have art R. Yeah, Art R. Comp. Yeah, there you go. So you have four to work with here. It might be a helpful practice to go to the practice sheet and see if we can hunt down some more or if you can hunt down some more as practice. But for right now, art arm. Architect. Read those ones and let me know what you're feeling. So where's the tip of your tongue?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Where's the back of your tongue?

Speaker B: Art R. Arm. Architect. Architect. I was like, I dragged it so much. Architect. Arm. Art arm. Well, I'm sure that I'm pulling my tongue a little bit, the tip of the tongue a little bit back, but I'm not sure about the heart.

Speaker A: So you're feeling that the tip of your tug is away from your teeth.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Are you feeling your tongue on your molars in the back at all? When you say like, not everyone does. No worries there. Generally a good way to tell if your tongue is up is if the tip is pulled back. Because if the tip of your tongue goes back, I mean, your tongue isn't exactly able to stay flat.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Is the tip of your tongue on the bottom of bottom, middle, top? Where. Where is it Height wise?

Speaker B: The tip of the tongue is Bottom. Like it's almost down there. Yeah.

Speaker A: So keeping that in mind, where the tip of the tongue was, it basically in the same spot with all these words.

Speaker B: Let's try again. Art, Arm, architect. What was the other one? Let's see. R. R. No, R is different. Definitely R. Okay, hold on. Art, R, Arm, Architect. Yeah, more or less the same.

Speaker A: Okay. Keep that same position because it sounds good there. Just reread these other ones where it's in the middle, like Father watch, car card. You can put stress on it if it helps you realize. Father watch, things like that. Try to keep the same position.

Speaker B: Yeah. Sounded like you were trying to imitate how I'm stretching it for a while.

Speaker A: Nope. I'm just saying that you're allowed to, because some people, when you're concentrating on the position, you can do that. It's habit you want to break kind of quickly because you don't want to do that every single time. But right here, where we're just kind of putting our feelers out to say it's totally fine. When you're practicing the sound in the future, you're going to try to cut that out. But just for right now, it's fine.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: You don't. Like I said, sometimes people start this and then they can't stop. But I don't think that's. It's a big word you have to worry about too much. So.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay, let's try Father watch, card. Pilates, Water. Want Far. Quantum wash. Chard Pasta Market. Karma, Hard Charlie Plaza. Wand, Star start. Yeah, I think I'm still moving the tip of the tongue back. Do you think there is a difference?

Speaker A: I heard a couple variants, but overall the tug sounds like it's in the right place. Sometimes I could hear a little bit of interference with the beginning sound.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: But I think that's mostly. That's not an issue with you making the sound. It's just an interference issue, which you can. Which we can work on later. Any questions on how to make that?

Speaker B: No, no, it's fine.

Speaker A: Perfect. Then let's go back to the au. Let's go to the examples. Now, what's the change we're making here?

Speaker B: The lip is changing and we are making a W sound. I have read something like that. The lips are parsed to form a W position, but it's not as tight as W. Yes.

Speaker A: So remember, W position. W sound a little bit different. Yes. So it's a very delicate balance here. So I'm going to read the first few. Just the first few words and I want you to see now, my lips won't be like Father Pilates. They're going to be forward. And just how much you can go ahead and observe. So, like, awesome pause law. So it's not fully going forward. Like a W. Like if I made a W sound like water. Watch. Wind. Completely forward. But these ones, it's kind of a halfway point. So, like, awesome Pause law. Autism. Awful. Austin. Lawn saw.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So could you see the difference?

Speaker B: Yeah, I see the difference. It's like when you're pronouncing W, it's totally pointed.

Speaker A: It's. Yeah, it's more dramatic. This one is like you're trying to make a W and then you got lazy. Same tongue position. You make a lazy W, basically. Can you go ahead and take over?

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: And read the next ones?

Speaker B: Yeah. You read the last first two lines, did you?

Speaker A: Yes, yes, I read up to saw.

Speaker B: Okay. How do you pronounce? Almost. Okay, almost. Almost. Austria. Yawn. Kraal. Audit. Australia. Dawn, Swallow, Claus, August. It was totally different. Launch, Call. Cause, Auto. Although. Broadway. Broadway.

Speaker A: Yes. Yeah, Broadway. That's a derivative. So you did note, you already noted you have a big variation in these sounds. Yeah. That completely coming from your lip movement. Some of them you kept completely relaxed. Some of them you went forward quite nicely. When you rewatch this video, you'll see that just for video's sake, if you want to read the first two lines so that you could see how it goes.

Speaker B: You know what? See, when I am viewing the document, then I cannot see myself. So it's not recorded. So anyway, I'll hear it.

Speaker A: Oh, you can't see yourself.

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: Okay, I want you to hold on. Oh, sorry. I thought you would were able to see both of us. Would you went back and watched.

Speaker B: No, When I look at my screen, I cannot watch. Neither you or me. But it's just the screen. Yeah.

Speaker A: Anyway, okay, in that case, if you could go ahead and read all the words, then.

Speaker B: What just happened?

Speaker A: Okay, I'm recording. So that you can go back and actually see yourself.

Speaker B: Okay. Awesome. Pause law. Autism. Awful. Austin, Lawn, Saw. Almost. Austria. Jan. Kraal. Audit. Australia. Dawn, Swallow. Clause. August. Launch Call. Clause. Auto. Although. Broadway.

Speaker A: So I'll read it so that you have a visual comparison as well. Awesome. Pause law. Autism. Awful. Austin. Lon. Saw.

Speaker B: Almost.

Speaker A: Austria. Yawn. Crawl. Audit, Australia. Dawn, Swallow. Cause. August. Launch Call. Cause. Auto. Although. Broadway.

Speaker B: Okay. All right. Thank you.

Speaker A: And there you go. We'll go ahead and finish the sound next time. Yes, but just for practice, now you have that visual comparison one thing I noticed is that you were dropping your jaw in many of these words. I feel like you were in your brain. You were like, okay, I have to make a movement. My lips have to feel different. So instead of pushing them forward in some of these words, you were dropping your jaw. So I want you to keep an eye out for that as you re watch the video recording I just made. So compare both of them. We're going to go over the sound more, see what you notice next time. So it would be helpful to now review lack short a short o because that's part of the family and au.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: All right. Any questions?

Speaker B: No, that's all.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: I mean, that's.

Speaker A: Yeah, of course. In that case, I will see you next time.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: And let me know if anything comes up before that.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah. Thank you so much.

Speaker A: Have a great day.

Speaker B: You too. Bye.

Speaker A: Bye.

