Transcript for: Recording__480.mp4
Title: Recording #480
============================================================

Etcetera. Etc. So his name is spelled like this. I'll send it in chat. So how would you say his name? Chomsky. Yeah. One more time. Chomsky. Yeah. So if you notice, you're pronouncing that with a P. Huh? Yeah, yeah. So we naturally insert sounds in certain situations, and for this one, Chomsky is easier to explain than accurate, which is why we're studying this one. But the P, what two sounds is the P between. I'm sorry, M and S? Yes. So how do you make M? How do I make M? Yes. If you make an M sound. M, what are your lips doing Close? Yeah. So your lips are closed and then when you open them, a puff of air comes out. Right. So how do you make P sound? P. Not the word, the sound. Okay, the. Okay, I see that. We just open the mouth. Yeah. So people accidentally say chompsky with a P. Chompsky instead of chomsky. Because you naturally, when you open the mouth, you're going from M where your mouth is closed to opening it to make an S sound. You're letting the air out. And in between that, when you open your mouth from the M to the S, you happen to make the P sound because you happen to open your mouth and error comes down, which is all that P is. So P is accidentally inserted into there. Right. So very similar word, like accurate with the Y. When we go over Y sound. We'll go into this in more detail. But how do you make the K sound? Ack. Acknowledge or accurate? How do you make the K sound? It's like with the back of the tongue kind of. Yeah. And then my lips are open slightly. The tongue is touching the upper palate in the. I mean, the back of the tongue is touching the upper palate. Yeah, yeah. So with. With this, your tongue goes up. When it goes down into R sound, it kind of does this. We'll talk about that more. But when it goes up and then it goes down, that's a very similar shift that we do when we make Y. So when you go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's pulling the tongue down, just like when you go from K to R. So there are times where you're going to have a Y where you don't think a Y should be. This happens with W a lot as well. We're going to look over Y and W specifically, but that is pretty common in English where a Y or W will just pop up because it happens to have that movement. So does that make sense? Yeah, that makes sense. So in that Case, can you please help me pronounce Europe? It's like Europe. Is it. Am I doing it correctly? Europe, Europe, Europe. I've also heard people say Europe. Yeah. So you will hear that once in a while. Europe. But the American version is European. What's the difference? So one is like your, and one is like your. Europe. Europe. Okay, tell me the American one. Europe, Europe, Europe. Yeah, yeah. Like, like if somebody's awake, you would say, oh, you're up, you're up. Right? That's. That's the American version. Okay, now, so here we don't have that Y sound. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Europe. Yeah. Europe, Europe. Sometimes it's a little noticeable for. But it's so quick. It's very quick. Yes. And then it's usually not noticeable. When we go over this more in detail, you're going to start noticing it a little bit more with other words as well. It's usually very quick. People don't even. Native speakers really don't notice it very much. They might. If you say, oh, there's a Y in accurate, they'd be like, no, there isn't. What are. What is wrong with you? Right. And then figure. I'm trying to pronounce that. Why? That's why I'm doing this. But is it correct or is it too much? Figure, Figure. So maybe a little less. You want to make sure it's not a full fledged Y. You want to focus. So with things like this, like accurate figure, Y isn't specifically there, so you want to focus on the two sounds around it. So, for example, in accurate, you want to focus on the K and the R. You don't want to intentionally go out of your way to make that Y sound. It happens to be there. Okay. And you don't want to worry about, oh, I can't see it. It's not supposed to be there. But you don't want to stress it either. You don't want to, like, make sure it's there, if that makes sense. See, it's like fig and then R. Figure. Just try to pronounce the R's and that Y sound will happen on its own. Yeah. Most of the time people say figure with a Y, if you notice. I'm not saying figure, I'm saying figure. Figure. But it's very, very light. Yeah. Secure. Secure. Is that fine? Secure. Secure. Secure. Yeah. Secure. Secure. Secure or secure. Secure. Secure. Yeah. For pronunciation. Yeah, that's good. That's okay. Okay. All right. What other ones were you kind of looking at? So it sounds like the main thing that you were looking at is why is this y here? Yes, that's right. And then there are others. So for example, on that practice sheet, the IR table, the first table, the third one. Whirlpool. I don't know if I'm doing it correctly. Willpool. All right, so where. Where are we here? It's the 13th one. First table. IR table. The 13th. All right, so like the first page, number 13. Yes. All right, what's going on here? Whirlpool. Whirlpool. Whirlpool. Okay. Whirl, Whirl. Like do you know how to say, like if something whirls around, it goes in circles? Whirl. Whirl. No, I didn't get that. Yeah, whirl. So this is actually a word that I used to hate. So whirl. Wh. Earl. Like the word squirrel, but with a w. Whirlpool. Got it. Okay. It's a bit difficult. I think one of the difficulties there, and you might want to put this as a. To look at later, it has something called a dark L. Okay. So when you say whirl, you're saying whirl pool. You're breaking it up. At the end of the word whirl, where is your tongue? Whirl. Whirl. It's like the tongue is. The tip of the tongue is touching the upper palate in the end. So it's not touching the upper palate. It's called the alveolar ridge. Right behind your teeth. Yes, yes, yes. Yeah. The palate's kind of in the back of the mouth. Okay. Okay. So that little bump right behind the teeth, that's where your tongue is. Yes. What do you call that? Alveolar ridge. Of course, you don't have to worry about that. I'll usually just say that little bump or right behind your teeth or something like that. But it is called the alveolar ridge, if you want to know. For fancy, fancy words. But the main thing with that is that the dark L is the word you use at the end of a word and it does not touch the alveolar ridge. We're going to go over L by itself later. Okay. So maybe putting that one aside, since that's not the focus right now, it's not with the schwa. R. Yes. But it might actually help if you get practice with R and L next to each other. Okay. R and L next to each other usually can be a bit of a tongue twister. Uh huh. I can send you a practice on that. Maybe a few words with R and L next to each other. That might help with this. But for right now, any other questions about schwa r specifically? Well, I have a few more. So for the. For example, the second table or table and the fourth one. Corrupt. I don't know how to avoid that O there. Corrupt. Yeah, the O is still there a little bit. Would you mind reading the first 10 of the or for me? Because I remember that one was a bit of a struggle or. Okay, back to work. She's looking. Do you want me to read the sentences too? Not the sentence. It's just a little bit. Back to work. Found a worm. Famous traitor. Corruption practices. Rear view mirror. Colorful cakes. Strong password. WI FI network. Corporate sponsor. Major issue. Horror. Horror and terror. Information meeting. Informational meeting. Okay, so I retain. Yeah. So the O is still there a little bit for all of them? Not for all of them. For maybe about half of them. Okay. For example, I think the common ones you were pretty good with, like word, mirror, password, network. There were a couple where I didn't hear the o. But you did pause first. Did you catch yourself? Yes. Yeah, I was careful. Yes. Yes. So it's hard to tell if you would naturally have those outside of mirror. Would you say that you have heard yourself with the O still Mirror. Yeah, I understand that. Can you point out the ones where I pronounce the O? Colorful. Corporate. I think corporate is one where I pronounce it the O. Corporate. A little bit. Yeah. If you want to. If you want to read all of these real quick. Do you want me to avoid pronouncing the overall. That's how it's supposed to be. Is that is the case? What do you mean? I mean, for a word like corporate. I see how I'm pronouncing that o there, but I'm not supposed to pronounce that O, is it? Yeah, Corporate. Corporate. Okay. Corporate. Okay, so let me read them from number one. Back to work. Found a worm. Famous traitor. Corrupt practices. Rear view mirror. Colorful cakes. Strong password. WI FI network. Corporate sponsor. Major issue. Horror and terror. Informational meeting. Anonymous donor. Factor in stock cursor. So I would say ones like number three. Trader. Sponsor. Sponsor. Major horror and terror. Cursor. Those ones were good. Okay. I think. Do you see how some of them are at the end of the word like traitor. Traitor. Yeah. So if it has a R at the. At the very end of the word, you're good. For example, horror and terror. You see, the last sound is an R. Mirror. Last sound is R. Traitor. Last sound is R. Cursor. Last. Donor. Da, da, da. Those ones where the R was at the very. Those ones are the good ones. Okay. I think what is happening with the others, for example, worm, when R is not the last sound and then you have that m there, you put more stress in the word altogether since it's a little bit longer. More sounds, you put more stress. And you're not putting as much stress on the R because it's harder to put stress in the middle of the word. So you're putting the stress back on the O. So basically, if the R isn't at the end, you're bringing the O back. Does that make sense? So I would suggest seeing, maybe if it helps where we went over, where you break it down a little bit. So for example, informational meeting. Maybe say maybe see if the O leaves if you say infer. Informational meeting. Informational. Informational. Informational meeting. Yeah. Do you see? The O is gone. Now try it. Let's try it one more. And then you can do this as a homework. Sure. Which one? Go ahead and you pick the next one. Colorful. Colorful. Say it all together. Colorful, Colorful. Colorful. Do you hear how the O was just a little bit there. Now say the word color. Color. Yeah, it's gone when you say color. Right. But when you say colorful. Yeah, it's back a little bit. Do you hear the difference? Yes, I do. Yeah. So I think it might be helpful if you have the. Or at the end a little bit. Maybe break the words down that way. Say it one more time. Carpet and colorful. Can you break these two words down for me? Okay, so colorful would just be color and then full color. Colorful. And it's not going to be a clean break with corporate. That one. You might have to have the R at the beginning. Corporate. Corporate. So just leaving the O out that way. Corporate. Corporate. Yeah. So either have the R at the beginning or the end, I suppose. Got it. Okay, now that's really helpful. Corporate. Okay. All right. So I would do that for homework. Yes. Let me know. O seems to be the biggest struggle. O is always the biggest struggle, by the way, just so you know. Okay. O is a very stressed sound. So that's very common to be the most difficult one. Okay. Any other questions on that? No, but then on the. I believe this is the worksheet where on the second page you have something called tone. And then it has given that inverted E sign and then said something about that. Do I need to do something or practice or learn something about that? We are going to go over tone by itself. Tone is its own Separate species. Okay, so we are not going to do it right now. We are. We are not even going to touch tone for a while. All right. Some basic pronunciation like champski we can do, but tone. Okay, okay. Not right now. All right, so any questions on chua are or no? I think I. I now know where I'm lacking. So, yeah, I'll practice those. Now that we've gone over kind of where you've been good with schwa r, where R is at the end, I would be interested, if you have time, of course, for you to go over where you are missing schwa r in the reading. In the. In the one I sent you and see. Oh, I miss schwa r here. Maybe you are missing them more in the middle of the word. Okay. Like what we were talking about. That might be helpful to kind of know. And then if you listen to the recording again and be like, okay, which ones are easier for me to hear? Sometimes people hear and pronounce the same thing easier. Sometimes they hear everything correctly, but they can only pronounce some things. So I want you to go back to that and be like, okay, which one am I missing for schwa, too? Are you missing schwa at the beginning, middle, or end of a word? For example, now that we've gone over patterns, I think we've gone over that a couple times. Like how to find your strengths and weaknesses. I think it might be helpful for you to look at it and then tell me what you've found. Sure. If that makes sense. So just any patterns you see with schwa or schwa are. Mm. How about sure? I mean, here I can see I am pronouncing it u a little bit. Sure. All right, so for that one, I want you to start to find those patterns. So we're going to briefly, briefly talk about them. Actually, if you have time, maybe send me a brief thing going over. Oh, I noticed schwa in the middle of the word is difficult for me. Just send it to me before class. Okay. So that way we can spend next class talking more about our next sound. Okay, so one last thing is usually we go over vowels first. We've gone over schwa and schwa r because they're one of the most. The biggest noticeable differences in most accents, and they both help with stress. What are you thinking you want to work on next? Well, how do I ask you about that? We have been talking about talking for a while. You understand where I am lacking, where I need to improve, so I'll let you decide. Well, some people like to go over some people. And it totally depends on the student. They're like, you know what? I have some vowels I need to work on. I want to work on all vows first. The vowels might not be as noticeable in your accent, but you might want to do all vowels. Since they're all similar. You want to get them out of the way in a chunk. Or you might say, oh, I want the order of whatever is most noticeable in my accent. Or, oh, I want to do intonation. You know, the second one has their own goals. So, yeah, okay, whatever is more noticeable in my accent. That needs to be corrected. The. That'll bring the most impact. I think that's the best approach for me. So I think what might be good for you is we're going to go over stress next time. Okay. I think you can handle stress. Remind me real quick what's the deal with stress and schwa? Well, schwa is totally relaxed, and stress is just the opposite of schwa. You can say. I mean, I can say. Yes. Yeah. Schwa is never stressed. No, but then schwa R probably is stressed sometimes. Right. R can be stressed with schwa. R. Correct. Yes. So next time, we're going to start talking about stress. There are some vowels I would like to work on with you, but there are some things that are a little bit more noticeable other than those vowels. Okay. So what I think might be helpful is if we're going to go over stress, and then if you have time to maybe look at some of these vowels, we'll go over them briefly, but then you look at them a little more in depth on your own. You want to do it now? I have time, but it's over time. Are you okay with that? Yeah, not right now. We're not doing it right now. Okay. Because it's going to be a whole ordeal. We have so many vowels to go over. But next time when we go over stress, we're going to start integrating vowels as well, and we're probably going to work a little bit on vowels, a little bit on some consonants as well. Okay. For your homework, I want you to go back, look at the patterns of. Oh, these are the schwa I can hear. These are the schwa that I hear myself pronouncing. When you listen to other people, I want you to start listening for these two things. That's not happening too much, because even though I speak in English, many of my friends are Indians, and then they have their thing. Right. So I cannot notice these pronunciations when I'm talking to them. Then I have clients Even though I have clients, many of them are immigrants. Right. So I cannot learn from them. So I have to really peek who I can learn from. Find a way. It can be tv, music, news, podcasts, radio. Any way you want to listen to a native speaker. Yeah, do that listening practice. Right. So anytime you are listening to them, let's say you listen to the news every day for 10 hours. That's, that's what you would pay attention. If you're like, you know, I listen to my podcast, you know, every night while I sleep, gonna start dreaming about schwa. Because it's, it's not very helpful in a case like this for me to just tell you to keep sitting down, writing out and doing this. Yeah. You have to kind of find a way to integrate it. Right. Listening, of course, is good. Even listening to yourself if you do speak English. Yeah, I do any type of, Any type of listening. Right, yeah, sure. All right. I want you to, if you have a chance, give me a brief overview of those patterns. Just real quick things like I found out that I'm missing schwa at the beginning of a word or I'm missing every schwa r at the end of the word, whatever it is. Okay. So my home tasks will be to identify where the patterns in schwa and schwa are. Pronunciations that. Yes. And that is it. Right. Finding the patterns and starting to see if you can hear those patterns when you speak. Okay. So for example, you might be like, okay, I know for a fact if I say terror, mirror, sensor, whatever it is, those are good. I know. I don't say worm without the. Oh, I have to work on the word worm every time you say worm. Kind of maybe check a little bit and be like, okay, just a little more kind of self awareness. Check once in a while. Obviously don't have your brain on all the time. Just once in a while, maybe find some words that you say most common. This is a good practice. A lot of people, like, find some of these words you say most common. For example, maybe every day you talk about worm work and the word accurate. Just those three. Work on those every time you say them. Check in on yourself. And then once you start getting that, like consciously working on those three words, you, your brain is going to subconsciously start correcting on the other ones. Like, okay, here's the pattern that you're focusing on. It's not going to be the only work you have to do, but it will be a step for your brain to be like, okay, I'm seeing the pattern. Right. Okay, yeah, yeah. All right. Let me know if you have any questions, and I'll see you next time. Yeah, no, that's all. Thank you so much for the class. Of course. Always happy to. Always happy to help. Have a great week. Yeah, you too. You too. By the way, before you go, are you still in Germany? I am. Okay, cool. How long are you planning to live there? No idea. We'll see. Okay. So. Okay. Do you move around in different countries in Europe a lot or. Or have you been living in Germany for a while? I've just been in Germany this month. Oh, this month? Yeah. Well, not this month. It's the second, but yeah, got it last month. I got here in February. Yeah. No, January 25th. About a month, whatever it is. So, yeah, that's how long I've been here. I'm seeing about if I like the city. Yeah. Maybe I'll stay here till I'm old and gray. Maybe I'll leave in a year. We'll see. No idea. You have no. No idea? No plan. It's just like, however you feel, you will just do it, right? Yeah. What do you like about this lifestyle? I hope I'm not taking too much time, by the way. No, I have a minute before my next class. What I like about it is that I just never really felt at home in Michigan. Okay. And I want to expose myself to the opportunity to find where I feel I belong. Okay. And I could say I'm going to stay here in Germany forever, but then if I just don't feel like it's connecting with me or I feel like, oh, this. You know, maybe I feel like I can't imagine having a family here. Maybe I don't like the work here. Maybe I feel like it's hard to make friends. Whatever it is, I want to have the freedom to say I gave it a shot and now I want to find somewhere else that feels like home. Got it. So you're just exploring different places. Yeah. I do want to find somewhere where it's permanent, you know, I'm not gonna travel around forever and be like, oh, no roots, or any of that. But I do want to give myself. I don't want to weigh myself down with feeling like I need to find something and then in five years be like, you know, I never really liked it here, but I would feel like a failure if I left kind of situation, because I've notice people who did that too. Oh, that's interesting. That makes sense. Yeah, it does. Yeah. Like, I've. I've known people in Michigan. They're like, yeah, I don't like Michigan, but I'm too scared to go anywhere else or any of that. And I'm like, I would hate to live somewhere when I'm for a long time and just. I can't imagine not trying to find a life I like. Yeah. Yeah. So that's. That's just kind of my goal right now. Got it. Well, yeah. That's nice. Yep. Awesome. Awesome. Same. Nice talking to you. I will see you again next week. Of course. I'm always looking forward to that. Yeah. Almost. Yeah. Bye now. Take care. Okay, bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Etcetera. Etc. So his name is spelled like this. I'll send it in chat. So how would you say his name?

Speaker B: Chomsky.

Speaker A: Yeah. One more time.

Speaker B: Chomsky.

Speaker A: Yeah. So if you notice, you're pronouncing that with a P. Huh? Yeah, yeah. So we naturally insert sounds in certain situations, and for this one, Chomsky is easier to explain than accurate, which is why we're studying this one. But the P, what two sounds is the P between.

Speaker B: I'm sorry, M and S?

Speaker A: Yes. So how do you make M?

Speaker B: How do I make M?

Speaker A: Yes. If you make an M sound. M, what are your lips doing Close? Yeah. So your lips are closed and then when you open them, a puff of air comes out. Right. So how do you make P sound?

Speaker B: P.

Speaker A: Not the word, the sound.

Speaker B: Okay, the. Okay, I see that. We just open the mouth.

Speaker A: Yeah. So people accidentally say chompsky with a P. Chompsky instead of chomsky. Because you naturally, when you open the mouth, you're going from M where your mouth is closed to opening it to make an S sound. You're letting the air out. And in between that, when you open your mouth from the M to the S, you happen to make the P sound because you happen to open your mouth and error comes down, which is all that P is. So P is accidentally inserted into there.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: So very similar word, like accurate with the Y. When we go over Y sound. We'll go into this in more detail. But how do you make the K sound? Ack. Acknowledge or accurate? How do you make the K sound?

Speaker B: It's like with the back of the tongue kind of. Yeah. And then my lips are open slightly. The tongue is touching the upper palate in the. I mean, the back of the tongue is touching the upper palate.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So with. With this, your tongue goes up. When it goes down into R sound, it kind of does this. We'll talk about that more. But when it goes up and then it goes down, that's a very similar shift that we do when we make Y. So when you go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's pulling the tongue down, just like when you go from K to R. So there are times where you're going to have a Y where you don't think a Y should be. This happens with W a lot as well. We're going to look over Y and W specifically, but that is pretty common in English where a Y or W will just pop up because it happens to have that movement. So does that make sense?

Speaker B: Yeah, that makes sense. So in that Case, can you please help me pronounce Europe? It's like Europe. Is it. Am I doing it correctly?

Speaker A: Europe, Europe, Europe. I've also heard people say Europe.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So you will hear that once in a while. Europe. But the American version is European.

Speaker B: What's the difference?

Speaker A: So one is like your, and one is like your. Europe. Europe.

Speaker B: Okay, tell me the American one. Europe, Europe, Europe.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Like, like if somebody's awake, you would say, oh, you're up, you're up.

Speaker B: Right?

Speaker A: That's. That's the American version.

Speaker B: Okay, now, so here we don't have that Y sound.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Europe. Yeah.

Speaker B: Europe, Europe.

Speaker A: Sometimes it's a little noticeable for.

Speaker B: But it's so quick.

Speaker A: It's very quick. Yes. And then it's usually not noticeable. When we go over this more in detail, you're going to start noticing it a little bit more with other words as well. It's usually very quick. People don't even. Native speakers really don't notice it very much. They might. If you say, oh, there's a Y in accurate, they'd be like, no, there isn't. What are. What is wrong with you?

Speaker B: Right. And then figure. I'm trying to pronounce that.

Speaker A: Why?

Speaker B: That's why I'm doing this. But is it correct or is it too much? Figure, Figure.

Speaker A: So maybe a little less. You want to make sure it's not a full fledged Y. You want to focus. So with things like this, like accurate figure, Y isn't specifically there, so you want to focus on the two sounds around it. So, for example, in accurate, you want to focus on the K and the R. You don't want to intentionally go out of your way to make that Y sound. It happens to be there.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And you don't want to worry about, oh, I can't see it. It's not supposed to be there. But you don't want to stress it either. You don't want to, like, make sure it's there, if that makes sense.

Speaker B: See, it's like fig and then R. Figure. Just try to pronounce the R's and that Y sound will happen on its own.

Speaker A: Yeah. Most of the time people say figure with a Y, if you notice. I'm not saying figure, I'm saying figure. Figure. But it's very, very light.

Speaker B: Yeah. Secure. Secure. Is that fine? Secure.

Speaker A: Secure.

Speaker B: Secure.

Speaker A: Yeah. Secure.

Speaker B: Secure.

Speaker A: Secure or secure.

Speaker B: Secure. Secure.

Speaker A: Yeah. For pronunciation. Yeah, that's good.

Speaker B: That's okay. Okay.

Speaker A: All right. What other ones were you kind of looking at? So it sounds like the main thing that you were looking at is why is this y here?

Speaker B: Yes, that's right. And then there are others. So for example, on that practice sheet, the IR table, the first table, the third one. Whirlpool. I don't know if I'm doing it correctly. Willpool.

Speaker A: All right, so where. Where are we here?

Speaker B: It's the 13th one. First table. IR table. The 13th.

Speaker A: All right, so like the first page, number 13.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: All right, what's going on here? Whirlpool.

Speaker B: Whirlpool. Whirlpool. Okay.

Speaker A: Whirl, Whirl. Like do you know how to say, like if something whirls around, it goes in circles? Whirl.

Speaker B: Whirl. No, I didn't get that.

Speaker A: Yeah, whirl. So this is actually a word that I used to hate. So whirl.

Speaker B: Wh.

Speaker A: Earl. Like the word squirrel, but with a w. Whirlpool.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. It's a bit difficult.

Speaker A: I think one of the difficulties there, and you might want to put this as a. To look at later, it has something called a dark L. Okay. So when you say whirl, you're saying whirl pool. You're breaking it up. At the end of the word whirl, where is your tongue?

Speaker B: Whirl. Whirl. It's like the tongue is. The tip of the tongue is touching the upper palate in the end.

Speaker A: So it's not touching the upper palate. It's called the alveolar ridge. Right behind your teeth.

Speaker B: Yes, yes, yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. The palate's kind of in the back of the mouth.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. So that little bump right behind the teeth, that's where your tongue is.

Speaker B: Yes. What do you call that?

Speaker A: Alveolar ridge. Of course, you don't have to worry about that. I'll usually just say that little bump or right behind your teeth or something like that. But it is called the alveolar ridge, if you want to know. For fancy, fancy words. But the main thing with that is that the dark L is the word you use at the end of a word and it does not touch the alveolar ridge. We're going to go over L by itself later.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So maybe putting that one aside, since that's not the focus right now, it's not with the schwa.

Speaker B: R. Yes.

Speaker A: But it might actually help if you get practice with R and L next to each other.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: R and L next to each other usually can be a bit of a tongue twister.

Speaker B: Uh huh.

Speaker A: I can send you a practice on that. Maybe a few words with R and L next to each other. That might help with this. But for right now, any other questions about schwa r specifically?

Speaker B: Well, I have a few more. So for the. For example, the second table or table and the fourth one. Corrupt. I don't know how to avoid that O there. Corrupt.

Speaker A: Yeah, the O is still there a little bit. Would you mind reading the first 10 of the or for me? Because I remember that one was a bit of a struggle or.

Speaker B: Okay, back to work. She's looking. Do you want me to read the sentences too?

Speaker A: Not the sentence. It's just a little bit.

Speaker B: Back to work. Found a worm. Famous traitor. Corruption practices. Rear view mirror. Colorful cakes. Strong password. WI FI network. Corporate sponsor. Major issue. Horror. Horror and terror. Information meeting. Informational meeting. Okay, so I retain.

Speaker A: Yeah. So the O is still there a little bit

Speaker B: for all of them?

Speaker A: Not for all of them. For maybe about half of them.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: For example, I think the common ones you were pretty good with, like word, mirror, password, network. There were a couple where I didn't hear the o. But you did pause first. Did you catch yourself?

Speaker B: Yes. Yeah, I was careful.

Speaker A: Yes. Yes. So it's hard to tell if you would naturally have those outside of mirror. Would you say that you have heard

Speaker B: yourself with the O still Mirror. Yeah, I understand that. Can you point out the ones where I pronounce the O? Colorful. Corporate. I think corporate is one where I pronounce it the O. Corporate.

Speaker A: A little bit.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: If you want to. If you want to read all of these real quick.

Speaker B: Do you want me to avoid pronouncing the overall. That's how it's supposed to be. Is that is the case?

Speaker A: What do you mean?

Speaker B: I mean, for a word like corporate. I see how I'm pronouncing that o there, but I'm not supposed to pronounce that O, is it?

Speaker A: Yeah, Corporate.

Speaker B: Corporate. Okay. Corporate. Okay, so let me read them from number one. Back to work. Found a worm. Famous traitor. Corrupt practices. Rear view mirror. Colorful cakes. Strong password. WI FI network. Corporate sponsor. Major issue. Horror and terror. Informational meeting. Anonymous donor. Factor in stock cursor.

Speaker A: So I would say ones like number three. Trader. Sponsor.

Speaker B: Sponsor.

Speaker A: Major horror and terror. Cursor. Those ones were good.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I think. Do you see how some of them are at the end of the word like traitor.

Speaker B: Traitor. Yeah.

Speaker A: So if it has a R at the. At the very end of the word, you're good. For example, horror and terror. You see, the last sound is an R. Mirror. Last sound is R. Traitor. Last sound is R. Cursor. Last. Donor. Da, da, da. Those ones where the R was at the very. Those ones are the good ones.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I think what is happening with the others, for example, worm, when R is not the last sound and then you have that m there, you put more stress in the word altogether since it's a little bit longer. More sounds, you put more stress. And you're not putting as much stress on the R because it's harder to put stress in the middle of the word. So you're putting the stress back on the O. So basically, if the R isn't at the end, you're bringing the O back. Does that make sense? So I would suggest seeing, maybe if it helps where we went over, where you break it down a little bit. So for example, informational meeting. Maybe say maybe see if the O leaves if you say infer. Informational meeting.

Speaker B: Informational. Informational. Informational meeting.

Speaker A: Yeah. Do you see? The O is gone.

Speaker B: Now try it.

Speaker A: Let's try it one more. And then you can do this as a homework.

Speaker B: Sure. Which one?

Speaker A: Go ahead and you pick the next one.

Speaker B: Colorful. Colorful.

Speaker A: Say it all together.

Speaker B: Colorful, Colorful. Colorful.

Speaker A: Do you hear how the O was just a little bit there. Now say the word color.

Speaker B: Color.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's gone when you say color.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: But when you say colorful. Yeah, it's back a little bit. Do you hear the difference?

Speaker B: Yes, I do.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I think it might be helpful if you have the. Or at the end a little bit. Maybe break the words down that way.

Speaker B: Say it one more time. Carpet and colorful. Can you break these two words down for me?

Speaker A: Okay, so colorful would just be color and then full color. Colorful. And it's not going to be a clean break with corporate. That one. You might have to have the R at the beginning. Corporate. Corporate. So just leaving the O out that way. Corporate. Corporate. Yeah. So either have the R at the beginning or the end, I suppose.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay, now that's really helpful. Corporate. Okay.

Speaker A: All right. So I would do that for homework.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Let me know. O seems to be the biggest struggle. O is always the biggest struggle, by the way, just so you know.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: O is a very stressed sound. So that's very common to be the most difficult one.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Any other questions on that?

Speaker B: No, but then on the. I believe this is the worksheet where on the second page you have something called tone. And then it has given that inverted E sign and then said something about that. Do I need to do something or practice or learn something about that?

Speaker A: We are going to go over tone by itself. Tone is its own Separate species.

Speaker B: Okay, so we are not going to do it right now.

Speaker A: We are. We are not even going to touch tone for a while.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker A: Some basic pronunciation like champski we can do, but tone.

Speaker B: Okay, okay.

Speaker A: Not right now. All right, so any questions on chua are or no?

Speaker B: I think I. I now know where I'm lacking. So, yeah, I'll practice those.

Speaker A: Now that we've gone over kind of where you've been good with schwa r, where R is at the end, I would be interested, if you have time, of course, for you to go over where you are missing schwa r in the reading. In the. In the one I sent you and see. Oh, I miss schwa r here. Maybe you are missing them more in the middle of the word.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Like what we were talking about. That might be helpful to kind of know. And then if you listen to the recording again and be like, okay, which ones are easier for me to hear? Sometimes people hear and pronounce the same thing easier. Sometimes they hear everything correctly, but they can only pronounce some things. So I want you to go back to that and be like, okay, which one am I missing for schwa, too? Are you missing schwa at the beginning, middle, or end of a word? For example, now that we've gone over patterns, I think we've gone over that a couple times. Like how to find your strengths and weaknesses. I think it might be helpful for you to look at it and then tell me what you've found.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: If that makes sense. So just any patterns you see with schwa or schwa are.

Speaker B: Mm. How about sure? I mean, here I can see I am pronouncing it u a little bit.

Speaker A: Sure. All right, so for that one, I want you to start to find those patterns. So we're going to briefly, briefly talk about them. Actually, if you have time, maybe send me a brief thing going over. Oh, I noticed schwa in the middle of the word is difficult for me. Just send it to me before class.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So that way we can spend next class talking more about our next sound. Okay, so one last thing is usually we go over vowels first. We've gone over schwa and schwa r because they're one of the most. The biggest noticeable differences in most accents, and they both help with stress. What are you thinking you want to work on next?

Speaker B: Well, how do I ask you about that? We have been talking about talking for a while. You understand where I am lacking, where I need to improve, so I'll let you decide.

Speaker A: Well, some people like to go over some people. And it totally depends on the student. They're like, you know what? I have some vowels I need to work on. I want to work on all vows first. The vowels might not be as noticeable in your accent, but you might want to do all vowels. Since they're all similar. You want to get them out of the way in a chunk. Or you might say, oh, I want the order of whatever is most noticeable in my accent. Or, oh, I want to do intonation. You know, the second one has their own goals.

Speaker B: So, yeah, okay, whatever is more noticeable in my accent. That needs to be corrected. The. That'll bring the most impact. I think that's the best approach for me.

Speaker A: So I think what might be good for you is we're going to go over stress next time.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I think you can handle stress. Remind me real quick what's the deal with stress and schwa?

Speaker B: Well, schwa is totally relaxed, and stress is just the opposite of schwa. You can say. I mean, I can say.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Schwa is never stressed.

Speaker B: No, but then schwa R probably is stressed sometimes.

Speaker A: Right. R can be stressed with schwa. R. Correct. Yes. So next time, we're going to start talking about stress. There are some vowels I would like to work on with you, but there are some things that are a little bit more noticeable other than those vowels.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So what I think might be helpful is if we're going to go over stress, and then if you have time to maybe look at some of these vowels, we'll go over them briefly, but then you look at them a little more in depth on your own.

Speaker B: You want to do it now? I have time, but it's over time. Are you okay with that?

Speaker A: Yeah, not right now. We're not doing it right now.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Because it's going to be a whole ordeal. We have so many vowels to go over. But next time when we go over stress, we're going to start integrating vowels as well, and we're probably going to work a little bit on vowels, a little bit on some consonants as well.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: For your homework, I want you to go back, look at the patterns of. Oh, these are the schwa I can hear. These are the schwa that I hear myself pronouncing. When you listen to other people, I want you to start listening for these two things.

Speaker B: That's not happening too much, because even though I speak in English, many of my friends are Indians, and then they have their thing. Right. So I cannot notice these pronunciations when I'm talking to them. Then I have clients Even though I have clients, many of them are immigrants. Right. So I cannot learn from them. So I have to really peek who I can learn from.

Speaker A: Find a way. It can be tv, music, news, podcasts, radio. Any way you want to listen to a native speaker. Yeah, do that listening practice. Right. So anytime you are listening to them, let's say you listen to the news every day for 10 hours. That's, that's what you would pay attention. If you're like, you know, I listen to my podcast, you know, every night while I sleep, gonna start dreaming about schwa. Because it's, it's not very helpful in a case like this for me to just tell you to keep sitting down, writing out and doing this.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: You have to kind of find a way to integrate it.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Listening, of course, is good. Even listening to yourself if you do speak English. Yeah, I do any type of, Any type of listening.

Speaker B: Right, yeah, sure.

Speaker A: All right. I want you to, if you have a chance, give me a brief overview of those patterns. Just real quick things like I found out that I'm missing schwa at the beginning of a word or I'm missing every schwa r at the end of the word, whatever it is.

Speaker B: Okay. So my home tasks will be to identify where the patterns in schwa and schwa are. Pronunciations that.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: And that is it. Right.

Speaker A: Finding the patterns and starting to see if you can hear those patterns when you speak.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So for example, you might be like, okay, I know for a fact if I say terror, mirror, sensor, whatever it is, those are good. I know. I don't say worm without the. Oh, I have to work on the word worm every time you say worm. Kind of maybe check a little bit and be like, okay, just a little more kind of self awareness. Check once in a while. Obviously don't have your brain on all the time. Just once in a while, maybe find some words that you say most common. This is a good practice. A lot of people, like, find some of these words you say most common. For example, maybe every day you talk about worm work and the word accurate. Just those three. Work on those every time you say them. Check in on yourself. And then once you start getting that, like consciously working on those three words, you, your brain is going to subconsciously start correcting on the other ones. Like, okay, here's the pattern that you're focusing on. It's not going to be the only work you have to do, but it will be a step for your brain to be like, okay, I'm seeing the pattern.

Speaker B: Right. Okay, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: All right. Let me know if you have any questions, and I'll see you next time.

Speaker B: Yeah, no, that's all. Thank you so much for the class.

Speaker A: Of course. Always happy to. Always happy to help. Have a great week.

Speaker B: Yeah, you too. You too. By the way, before you go, are you still in Germany?

Speaker A: I am.

Speaker B: Okay, cool. How long are you planning to live there?

Speaker A: No idea. We'll see.

Speaker B: Okay. So. Okay. Do you move around in different countries in Europe a lot or. Or have you been living in Germany for a while?

Speaker A: I've just been in Germany this month.

Speaker B: Oh, this month?

Speaker A: Yeah. Well, not this month. It's the second, but yeah, got it last month. I got here in February.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: No, January 25th. About a month, whatever it is. So, yeah, that's how long I've been here. I'm seeing about if I like the city.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Maybe I'll stay here till I'm old and gray. Maybe I'll leave in a year. We'll see. No idea.

Speaker B: You have no. No idea? No plan. It's just like, however you feel, you will just do it, right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: What do you like about this lifestyle? I hope I'm not taking too much time, by the way.

Speaker A: No, I have a minute before my next class. What I like about it is that I just never really felt at home in Michigan.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And I want to expose myself to the opportunity to find where I feel I belong.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And I could say I'm going to stay here in Germany forever, but then if I just don't feel like it's connecting with me or I feel like, oh, this. You know, maybe I feel like I can't imagine having a family here. Maybe I don't like the work here. Maybe I feel like it's hard to make friends. Whatever it is, I want to have the freedom to say I gave it a shot and now I want to find somewhere else that feels like home.

Speaker B: Got it. So you're just exploring different places.

Speaker A: Yeah. I do want to find somewhere where it's permanent, you know, I'm not gonna travel around forever and be like, oh, no roots, or any of that. But I do want to give myself. I don't want to weigh myself down with feeling like I need to find something and then in five years be like, you know, I never really liked it here, but I would feel like a failure if I left kind of situation, because I've notice people who did that too.

Speaker B: Oh, that's interesting.

Speaker A: That makes sense.

Speaker B: Yeah, it does. Yeah.

Speaker A: Like, I've. I've known people in Michigan. They're like, yeah, I don't like Michigan, but I'm too scared to go anywhere else or any of that. And I'm like, I would hate to live somewhere when I'm for a long time and just. I can't imagine not trying to find a life I like.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. So that's. That's just kind of my goal right now.

Speaker B: Got it. Well, yeah. That's nice.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: Awesome. Awesome. Same. Nice talking to you. I will see you again next week.

Speaker A: Of course.

Speaker B: I'm always looking forward to that.

Speaker A: Yeah. Almost.

Speaker B: Yeah. Bye now. Take care.

Speaker A: Okay, bye.

