Transcript for: Recording__530.mp4
Title: Recording #530
============================================================

Hey, priyanka. Yes, I can hear you. How are you doing today? Thank you. You know what, it's a. It's not very clear. Okay. Yeah, it's like sometimes it's a bit loud, sometimes it's not. Okay. Am I audible now? Yes. Yes, for now. Yes. Okay. Also, thank you so much for joining the Call today. I took a look at your resume. I saw that the current job that you're doing, it's quite recent. It's a new job. You joined last July. And that is quite different from what you used to do for the last nine years. Right. So is your current job related to Amazon or is it totally different? It is kind of like I have been working for a company as in Virtual Assistant four clients. So it was on. It differs on the client, but yeah, I have worked on Amazon, Walmart and eBay. EBay in the job before that with Krishna Handicrafts. Yep. Yeah. And most of the things that you have written is about Amazon. So was Amazon your most important focus in that company? Yes. Okay. Yeah. Well, you know, we are a retail media agency. We are based in Canada and we work with primarily CPG brands. So anything health supplement, food, anything consumable basically and provide ad management, marketing and also operational support in some cases. Okay. So we need somebody who is capable of understanding the client situation right now and what they want to achieve. So basically their objective based on these two things, the person needs to be able to strategize and also think about the steps, small steps, how you'll be implementing it and delivering on those. So I was curious to know what you had to do in Krishna Handicrafts. What was your day to day like? It was basically I worked on Amazon apart from other platforms and my roles and responsibilities over there was like handling the whole account at every level. So it includes like creating listings, optimizing listings, the SEOs and Like catalog management, like sending. We basically they dealt with fba. So like lending shipments and checking out for stocks and like keeping the track of the shipment if it's reaching or not, then if it's not, then raising the tickets With Amazon, apart from this like order management and it includes everything including FBA shipments, FV orders and like seller fulfilled merchant fulfilled orders and customer services. So sorry, customer services too, like responding to customers and if there are any kind of issues with returns, refunds or anything else. And yeah, apart from this, like managing ads and a content. Creating a content. Yeah, I see that. You know, it looks like you had a ton of experience from operations side and also you did some advertisement also content. I see you have mentioned SEO so let's talk more about that. The SEO and marketing and strategy. What did you have to do for. For. For those things in. In the company? Okay, so for the SEO what I did is like while creating listing I keep the SEO in mind. So like if the title is in check or not, if the bullet points are aligning with the product and like doing the market research and everything else for the SEO. And I what I do basically is like I optimize the listing for few. I'll say for a week or two if it's working and if it needs to change. If I need to change anything or something. And sorry apart from this like apart from this the managing ads one. So like manage. Managing sponsored like ads and all. So like for. For those what I basically did was like sorry so, so for this like getting the keywords I use the tool helium for the keyword research. So researching keywords and like managing ads for sponsored brands. What basically I did for the products is like first I do auto one and second I do a manual one the ad. So yeah I optimize both. So whichever is working and what are the like basic things and what is differ from one another because automatic is like basically works with Amazon and manual one what I create. Yeah so for the manual one what I do basically taking the keywords from the helium and do optimize those ads too. And like I remove the negative terms and negative keywords which are like non converting ads and so so not non converting bids or keywords. So removing those from the ads and all. So you are talking about negative targeting. Yeah, I did. I. Yes. Because removing because it it if it's non converting bids or non converting ads then it's we are getting nothing out of it. Yeah, I see that. Okay. So you did looks like you did A to Z in that company for Amazon. You know I am curious to ask before you joined this call, did you get a chance to look look into our company? What and what do you do? I read the job description actually. Yeah. Because currently as you can see I'm kind of like really really sick from the past three days. Oh. So yeah what I did was like I did check the job description. Okay. And what do you think about that? The job description aligns with my skills. Yeah, it does. And I have been, I've been looking for remote only because I have been working the like in person job at office for the Krishna Handicrafts and it was from the past nine Years. So I'm looking for something, something change or something. Something new for myself and it will also give me enough time to like. For myself. Yeah, Yeah, I see. So you know what, in terms of your availability, it's definitely a remote position. There is no office in India, so. But then you know what? We are in Canada. We are in the EST time zone. What are you comfortable? What are going to be your comfortable workers? What can you do? Working hours. Work hours. I mean we are in the ESG time zone, so there has to be some. Sorry. I have worked with the estrs too because as you can see my resume. That was a wing. I worked with wing and those was like serving us clients only. And I have worked night shift only. Oh really? Okay. So how long did you have to work? I have worked for. For the last eight years. For the. Sorry, eight months. I mean. Yeah, I mean the work hours. I'm sorry, it was a part time role, so I worked four hours. Okay, so for. And. And that was in night shifts. When did you start and when did you finish? It differs at the. At the starting. I starts with the 6:30. 600pm Yep. 6:30 to 9:30. Okay, well you see, I. I'm not going to ask you to work the entire USD hours. That's going to be like a torture and it's not possible to do in the long run is what I feel. But there has to be some overlap. I mean at least one shift, for example here, 9am to 1pm EST, at least that many hours should be overlap. And then may. So if that has to be an overlap, for example, 1:00pm EST here would mean 10:30pm at your place. Okay. And if it is a full time role and you have to work eight hours, so it's like almost working starting your work in the afternoon and then continuing it till night. So is that something that you will be comfortable with? Okay, so you are talking about like a break in between. Oh, so yeah. So you. If you want to rearrange your day. So it's like if you want to work the four hours that I mentioned with us and then you. You're thinking of splitting the other four hours and then doing it in your. Maybe in the morning or whenever you. You have the time. Okay, so you're thinking of splitting the time. Yep. Okay, that also works. That's not bad. And I believe you're currently employed in this company. It's part time, even though it's part time. So actually. No, no, no. Oh, what happened? Why did you leave? No, I just Joined the company as a part timer only. And the thing is that the company was like serving the client and the last client I worked with it was like she, she said she's okay and she no longer want the wing services. And I was a poll from. From the company. So like initially if they get another client and I was on hold. Okay. Because they are not getting any client for the part time. Okay, I see. So that's the thing. So I was like sitting for the two months and then I quit the company. Got it, got it, got it. Okay, I see that. Well, that's a bit unfortunate. And you know what, so it means that you are available and if we choose to work with you then will you be able to start working immediately? Yes, I can. Okay. And you know what, in terms of the next steps. Okay. I will be sending you one assessment. So this is. Let me describe that a little bit. It's like it's going to be like a realistic situation, real life scenario of a client brand, let's say who has just joined or who we have just onboarded. So they have a current situation and then they have some objectives. I will define all those things and then based on that what I will ask you to do is create a strategy for that brand in chronological order how you will exactly achieve that. And that doesn't have to be very detailed from the advertisement side, although you are welcome to mention that. But more from the holistic purpose. So you take a look at their presence right now on Amazon. They know their objectives are these. So basically you're analyzing their current situation and you're also analyzing their objectives. And based on that you are planning up planning a list of things that we need to do in detail, in chronological order. So that's something. And I'll say Priyanka, this is a very important step. So if you are sincerely sincere about this role, if you see that this is a good fit for you, I'd request you to take the time and really look deep into it and come up with a detailed plan. Yeah. So that is the next step. And another thing that I wanted to talk about is about the compensation. What is your expectation about that? Okay, so for the full time, right in inr. That's right. Okay. So okay, my expectations comes around, I'll say 40. So per month you are saying in terms of per month it will be 40000 per month. Yes. Right. So it. Right now we have the job, we have posted, it's for 4 lakh per annum. That is less than 40,000. So if that's our constraint, will you. Will you be rejecting the opportunity? What is your thought? Sorry, can you please repeat it? I'm asking. So right now we are offering 4 lakh. That's what you have posted in the job. So it looks like that's lower than your expectation. In that case, will you be rejecting the opportunity? No, I won't be rejecting it. But I know like my skills. How it aligns with your job and everything else. And I do have experience in working remote also. And I have worked the last. The max. I'll say around 1:30 or 2:00am Okay. I do have experience like working at that time also. So. And I know I'll do my work the best way again. Okay. Well, sure. I'll keep that in mind. Your request. But you know, can be a bit negotiable. Yeah, it can be. We can negotiate on that. We may have to meet in the middle. And also something that I'll say is. We are quite as like at this stage. We're in a growth phase. We are. We are just three people right now. That also. And that also means that if you become a part of this company, we're kind of in the starting phase. So that means there's a growth potential. So I'll think about a compensation plan as you grow. So there's this potential too. Yeah. So that is what I wanted to mention. And lastly, and this is also an important one. Because we are a Canadian company and we don't have an establishment in India. We. For legal or tax purposes, we cannot hire anyone as an employee. You see. So we legally cannot hire anyone as an employee. You will get paid on a monthly basis just like an employee. Everything will be the same. Okay. But then you will not for tax purposes. You will be contractor. Is that fine with you? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Awesome. So that's all from my end. Priyanka. What I will say is. I mean. Do you have any other questions? Actually yeah. Like I just told you, I work for Wing. So it is a company. So they. They hire virtual assistants for clients. So it is kind of the same like your company. It is like the same. Okay, I'm. I'm asking. Oh, you are asking if Wing Assistant. They are similar to ours. Yes. I haven't checked them out. So. No, I'm just letting you know. Like they hire virtual assistant to work for the clients. So as you just told me now like I have to like you will tell me a scenario, what kind, what client want to do and everything else. So I'm just asking. I Have to work for client. Yes, that's what we do. Yes. We have clients and you may not be interacting with them directly in the very beginning, but it will not be a front facing role. But then it'll be more like working with the internal team to provide services to the client. And I feel that at WingAssistant you said that they also work with Amazon related clients. Yes. So I see. But then your role was kind of more like managing the operation here also you'll have those things. But then along with that it's more like I don't want to consider you as a virtual assistant, but as a part of the core team and we'll work together. It's not like you are totally kind of when I, I feel like when someone says virtual assistant, they're kind of so distant. They are not a part of the core team. So I don't want to call you a virtual assistant. You are going to be a core member of the company and we're going to work together. Yeah, that's how I'll see it. Okay. Yeah. So anything else that you wanted to ask? Is everything clear? Yeah, the one more thing like how the company works or like are there like this is basically on the platform Amazon or like what? Yes. So, okay, let me give you some more context. It's primarily Amazon for now, but we are, we want to expand ourselves as a retail media agency. So that means our primary focus will be working with consumer product brands, health supplements, food or skin care, anything consumable, anything that needs repeat purchase. CPG basically. And we want to provide them services across all e commerce platforms. But for now our primary focus is Amazon only. And, but we still do some work on Instacart. You may not hear about Instacart because that's limited to U.S. and Canada. And then we do some operations, provide some operational support on Costco, Costco Online and then we are also expanding to Walmart. So our vision is to work with these CPG brands and support all e commerce needs, mostly focused on marketing and advertising. We don't want to get into the side of operations, although we may need to do that for some clients. That's not our primary offering. Yeah. And you know what for, although this, this next thing may sound a bit more philosophical, but what I was say is for us it's a priority first of all, of course to provide good experiences and build that connection with that client and try to go above and beyond to really create something good for them. It's not just take the money and then do something somehow, whatever they're asking us to do, it's really to understand their situation and then see how we can. Can we really do something great for them? Do we see the opportunity for them? And also we are very picky when it comes to taking new clients. If we don't see clear opportunities, we don't want to work with them. And the same goes for our internal team. Although there are so many challenges as a small company, but still as a team, I feel that in the work environment we should be. There should be a supporting environment. We should really understand what each other. What each person wants to achieve even in their career and personal life. And then support that goal. I feel that experience. Basically we're trying to provide experience to our people, right? Whether it's our client, it's our employee. We want that experience for everybody. So this is a little bit about us. Okay, Then that's all from my side. Okay. If you want to. If you have any more question, feel free to ask. You can do that even now. Or if you have. If you can think of something else you can write to me on. Indeed. Okay. And what I'll do next is as a next step, I will send you an assessment within the next two. Two days. You can say two to three days. Okay. And then you can take. I'll specify. But you can probably take like three to four days after that to complete that and get back to me. And that's kind of the last step. If we'll. That assessment is really important. So I would request you, if you're sincere about it, please take your time. And based on that, we'll reach out to you. I mean, after doing. After reviewing all the assessment, we'll reach out to the person who we decide to hire. Even if we don't decide to hire because you have taken the time to do the assessment, we'll let you know the outcome. Because I feel that that should be done. Yeah. And once that is done, the next step is just starting to work. Because it looks like you are also available and you also would like to get started soon. Okay. Okay. Sounds good. Priyanka, I. I said, does that sound good? Yes, it sounds good. Okay. Awesome. All right. So that's all then. For. For this meeting. And I'll. I'll communicate with you in the chat. Okay. Yeah. All right. Take care. Have a good evening. Bye for now. Bye. Sir. Yeah.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Hey, priyanka. Yes, I can hear you. How are you doing today?

Speaker B: Thank you.

Speaker A: You know what, it's a. It's not very clear.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's like sometimes it's a bit loud, sometimes it's not.

Speaker B: Okay. Am I audible now?

Speaker A: Yes. Yes, for now. Yes.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Also, thank you so much for joining the Call today. I took a look at your resume. I saw that the current job that you're doing, it's quite recent. It's a new job. You joined last July. And that is quite different from what you used to do for the last nine years. Right. So is your current job related to Amazon or is it totally different?

Speaker B: It is kind of like I have been working for a company as in Virtual Assistant four clients. So it was on. It differs on the client, but yeah, I have worked on Amazon, Walmart and eBay.

Speaker A: EBay in the job before that with Krishna Handicrafts.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: Yeah. And most of the things that you have written is about Amazon. So was Amazon your most important focus in that company?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Well, you know, we are a retail media agency. We are based in Canada and we work with primarily CPG brands. So anything health supplement, food, anything consumable basically and provide ad management, marketing and also operational support in some cases.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So we need somebody who is capable of understanding the client situation right now and what they want to achieve. So basically their objective based on these two things, the person needs to be able to strategize and also think about the steps, small steps, how you'll be implementing it and delivering on those. So I was curious to know what you had to do in Krishna Handicrafts. What was your day to day like?

Speaker B: It was basically I worked on Amazon apart from other platforms and my roles and responsibilities over there was like handling the whole account at every level. So it includes like creating listings, optimizing listings, the SEOs and Like catalog management, like sending. We basically they dealt with fba. So like lending shipments and checking out for stocks and like keeping the track of the shipment if it's reaching or not, then if it's not, then raising the tickets With Amazon, apart from this like order management and it includes everything including FBA shipments, FV orders and like seller fulfilled merchant fulfilled orders and customer services. So sorry, customer services too, like responding to customers and if there are any kind of issues with returns, refunds or anything else. And yeah, apart from this, like managing ads and a content. Creating a content.

Speaker A: Yeah, I see that. You know, it looks like you had a ton of experience from operations side and also you did some advertisement also content. I see you have mentioned SEO so let's talk more about that. The SEO and marketing and strategy. What did you have to do for. For. For those things in. In the company?

Speaker B: Okay, so for the SEO what I did is like while creating listing I keep the SEO in mind. So like if the title is in check or not, if the bullet points are aligning with the product and like doing the market research and everything else for the SEO. And I what I do basically is like I optimize the listing for few. I'll say for a week or two if it's working and if it needs to change. If I need to change anything or something. And sorry apart from this like apart from this the managing ads one. So like manage. Managing sponsored like ads and all. So like for. For those what I basically did was like sorry so, so for this like getting the keywords I use the tool helium for the keyword research. So researching keywords and like managing ads for sponsored brands. What basically I did for the products is like first I do auto one and second I do a manual one the ad. So yeah I optimize both. So whichever is working and what are the like basic things and what is differ from one another because automatic is like basically works with Amazon and manual one what I create. Yeah so for the manual one what I do basically taking the keywords from the helium and do optimize those ads too. And like I remove the negative terms and negative keywords which are like non converting ads and so so not non converting bids or keywords. So removing those from the ads and all.

Speaker A: So you are talking about negative targeting.

Speaker B: Yeah, I did. I. Yes. Because removing because it it if it's non converting bids or non converting ads then it's we are getting nothing out of it.

Speaker A: Yeah, I see that. Okay. So you did looks like you did A to Z in that company for Amazon. You know I am curious to ask before you joined this call, did you get a chance to look look into our company? What and what do you do?

Speaker B: I read the job description actually. Yeah. Because currently as you can see I'm kind of like really really sick from the past three days.

Speaker A: Oh.

Speaker B: So yeah what I did was like I did check the job description.

Speaker A: Okay. And what do you think about that?

Speaker B: The job description aligns with my skills. Yeah, it does. And I have been, I've been looking for remote only because I have been working the like in person job at office for the Krishna Handicrafts and it was from the past nine Years. So I'm looking for something, something change or something. Something new for myself and it will also give me enough time to like. For myself.

Speaker A: Yeah, Yeah, I see. So you know what, in terms of your availability, it's definitely a remote position. There is no office in India, so. But then you know what? We are in Canada. We are in the EST time zone. What are you comfortable? What are going to be your comfortable workers? What can you do?

Speaker B: Working hours.

Speaker A: Work hours. I mean we are in the ESG time zone, so there has to be some.

Speaker B: Sorry. I have worked with the estrs too because as you can see my resume. That was a wing. I worked with wing and those was like serving us clients only. And I have worked night shift only.

Speaker A: Oh really? Okay. So how long did you have to work?

Speaker B: I have worked for. For the last eight years. For the. Sorry, eight months.

Speaker A: I mean. Yeah, I mean the work hours.

Speaker B: I'm sorry, it was a part time role, so I worked four hours.

Speaker A: Okay, so for. And. And that was in night shifts. When did you start and when did you finish?

Speaker B: It differs at the. At the starting. I starts with the 6:30.

Speaker A: 600pm Yep.

Speaker B: 6:30 to 9:30.

Speaker A: Okay, well you see, I. I'm not going to ask you to work the entire USD hours. That's going to be like a torture and it's not possible to do in the long run is what I feel. But there has to be some overlap. I mean at least one shift, for example here, 9am to 1pm EST, at least that many hours should be overlap. And then may. So if that has to be an overlap, for example, 1:00pm EST here would mean 10:30pm at your place.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And if it is a full time role and you have to work eight hours, so it's like almost working starting your work in the afternoon and then continuing it till night. So is that something that you will be comfortable with?

Speaker B: Okay, so you are talking about like a break in between.

Speaker A: Oh, so yeah. So you. If you want to rearrange your day. So it's like if you want to work the four hours that I mentioned with us and then you. You're thinking of splitting the other four hours and then doing it in your. Maybe in the morning or whenever you. You have the time. Okay, so you're thinking of splitting the time.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: Okay, that also works. That's not bad. And I believe you're currently employed in this company. It's part time, even though it's part time.

Speaker B: So actually. No, no, no.

Speaker A: Oh, what happened? Why did you leave?

Speaker B: No, I just Joined the company as a part timer only. And the thing is that the company was like serving the client and the last client I worked with it was like she, she said she's okay and she no longer want the wing services. And I was a poll from. From the company. So like initially if they get another client and I was on hold.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Because they are not getting any client for the part time.

Speaker A: Okay, I see.

Speaker B: So that's the thing. So I was like sitting for the two months and then I quit the company.

Speaker A: Got it, got it, got it. Okay, I see that. Well, that's a bit unfortunate. And you know what, so it means that you are available and if we choose to work with you then will you be able to start working immediately?

Speaker B: Yes, I can.

Speaker A: Okay. And you know what, in terms of the next steps.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I will be sending you one assessment. So this is. Let me describe that a little bit. It's like it's going to be like a realistic situation, real life scenario of a client brand, let's say who has just joined or who we have just onboarded. So they have a current situation and then they have some objectives. I will define all those things and then based on that what I will ask you to do is create a strategy for that brand in chronological order how you will exactly achieve that. And that doesn't have to be very detailed from the advertisement side, although you are welcome to mention that. But more from the holistic purpose. So you take a look at their presence right now on Amazon. They know their objectives are these. So basically you're analyzing their current situation and you're also analyzing their objectives. And based on that you are planning up planning a list of things that we need to do in detail, in chronological order. So that's something. And I'll say Priyanka, this is a very important step. So if you are sincerely sincere about this role, if you see that this is a good fit for you, I'd request you to take the time and really look deep into it and come up with a detailed plan. Yeah. So that is the next step. And another thing that I wanted to talk about is about the compensation. What is your expectation about that?

Speaker B: Okay, so for the full time, right in inr.

Speaker A: That's right.

Speaker B: Okay. So okay, my expectations comes around, I'll say 40.

Speaker A: So per month you are saying in terms of per month it will be 40000 per month.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Right. So it. Right now we have the job, we have posted, it's for 4 lakh per annum. That is less than 40,000. So if that's our constraint, will you. Will you be rejecting the opportunity? What is your thought?

Speaker B: Sorry, can you please repeat it?

Speaker A: I'm asking. So right now we are offering 4 lakh. That's what you have posted in the job. So it looks like that's lower than your expectation. In that case, will you be rejecting the opportunity?

Speaker B: No, I won't be rejecting it. But I know like my skills. How it aligns with your job and everything else. And I do have experience in working remote also. And I have worked the last. The max. I'll say around 1:30 or 2:00am Okay. I do have experience like working at that time also. So. And I know I'll do my work the best way again.

Speaker A: Okay. Well, sure. I'll keep that in mind. Your request. But you know, can be a bit negotiable. Yeah, it can be. We can negotiate on that. We may have to meet in the middle. And also something that I'll say is. We are quite as like at this stage. We're in a growth phase. We are. We are just three people right now. That also. And that also means that if you become a part of this company, we're kind of in the starting phase. So that means there's a growth potential. So I'll think about a compensation plan as you grow. So there's this potential too. Yeah. So that is what I wanted to mention. And lastly, and this is also an important one. Because we are a Canadian company and we don't have an establishment in India. We. For legal or tax purposes, we cannot hire anyone as an employee. You see. So we legally cannot hire anyone as an employee. You will get paid on a monthly basis just like an employee. Everything will be the same.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: But then you will not for tax purposes. You will be contractor. Is that fine with you?

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. Awesome. So that's all from my end. Priyanka. What I will say is. I mean. Do you have any other questions?

Speaker B: Actually yeah. Like I just told you, I work for Wing. So it is a company. So they. They hire virtual assistants for clients. So it is kind of the same like your company. It is like the same. Okay, I'm. I'm asking.

Speaker A: Oh, you are asking if Wing Assistant. They are similar to ours.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: I haven't checked them out. So.

Speaker B: No, I'm just letting you know. Like they hire virtual assistant to work for the clients. So as you just told me now like I have to like you will tell me a scenario, what kind, what client want to do and everything else. So I'm just asking. I Have to work for client.

Speaker A: Yes, that's what we do. Yes. We have clients and you may not be interacting with them directly in the very beginning, but it will not be a front facing role. But then it'll be more like working with the internal team to provide services to the client. And I feel that at WingAssistant you said that they also work with Amazon related clients.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So I see. But then your role was kind of more like managing the operation here also you'll have those things. But then along with that it's more like I don't want to consider you as a virtual assistant, but as a part of the core team and we'll work together. It's not like you are totally kind of when I, I feel like when someone says virtual assistant, they're kind of so distant. They are not a part of the core team. So I don't want to call you a virtual assistant. You are going to be a core member of the company and we're going to work together. Yeah, that's how I'll see it.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. So anything else that you wanted to ask? Is everything clear?

Speaker B: Yeah, the one more thing like how the company works or like are there like this is basically on the platform Amazon or like what?

Speaker A: Yes. So, okay, let me give you some more context. It's primarily Amazon for now, but we are, we want to expand ourselves as a retail media agency. So that means our primary focus will be working with consumer product brands, health supplements, food or skin care, anything consumable, anything that needs repeat purchase. CPG basically. And we want to provide them services across all e commerce platforms. But for now our primary focus is Amazon only. And, but we still do some work on Instacart. You may not hear about Instacart because that's limited to U.S. and Canada. And then we do some operations, provide some operational support on Costco, Costco Online and then we are also expanding to Walmart. So our vision is to work with these CPG brands and support all e commerce needs, mostly focused on marketing and advertising. We don't want to get into the side of operations, although we may need to do that for some clients. That's not our primary offering. Yeah. And you know what for, although this, this next thing may sound a bit more philosophical, but what I was say is for us it's a priority first of all, of course to provide good experiences and build that connection with that client and try to go above and beyond to really create something good for them. It's not just take the money and then do something somehow, whatever they're asking us to do, it's really to understand their situation and then see how we can. Can we really do something great for them? Do we see the opportunity for them? And also we are very picky when it comes to taking new clients. If we don't see clear opportunities, we don't want to work with them. And the same goes for our internal team. Although there are so many challenges as a small company, but still as a team, I feel that in the work environment we should be. There should be a supporting environment. We should really understand what each other. What each person wants to achieve even in their career and personal life. And then support that goal. I feel that experience. Basically we're trying to provide experience to our people, right? Whether it's our client, it's our employee. We want that experience for everybody. So this is a little bit about us.

Speaker B: Okay, Then that's all from my side.

Speaker A: Okay. If you want to. If you have any more question, feel free to ask. You can do that even now. Or if you have. If you can think of something else you can write to me on. Indeed.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And what I'll do next is as a next step, I will send you an assessment within the next two. Two days. You can say two to three days.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And then you can take. I'll specify. But you can probably take like three to four days after that to complete that and get back to me. And that's kind of the last step. If we'll. That assessment is really important. So I would request you, if you're sincere about it, please take your time. And based on that, we'll reach out to you. I mean, after doing. After reviewing all the assessment, we'll reach out to the person who we decide to hire. Even if we don't decide to hire because you have taken the time to do the assessment, we'll let you know the outcome. Because I feel that that should be done. Yeah. And once that is done, the next step is just starting to work. Because it looks like you are also available and you also would like to get started soon.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. Sounds good. Priyanka, I. I said, does that sound good?

Speaker B: Yes, it sounds good.

Speaker A: Okay. Awesome. All right. So that's all then. For. For this meeting. And I'll. I'll communicate with you in the chat.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. All right. Take care. Have a good evening. Bye for now.

Speaker B: Bye. Sir.

Speaker A: Yeah.

