Transcript for: Recording__72.mp4
Title: Recording #72
============================================================

All together with the icons. Because what I said to her was, like, if this barbecue one slides down here. Right. And they can all sort of be hugging down here. Yeah. Then we could add these. So I told her she'd probably have to make icons or something, so we'll see. But she only works evenings, and I'm a little frustrated because she said, okay, do you want all these now, or should I revise the first two? And I'm like, we should have done something at least. Right. Because it was like 5:20 at night. So I just was like, is it possible to get it wrapped up? What, did someone come in? No. Oh, I thought I heard the waiting sound. So I'm hoping that this could be wrapped up tomorrow, if not early next week. Is that still fine? Yeah, of course. I mean, I'm okay with that. And, you know, even more important than that is the main image. I know I have. Okay, here's the thing. Design is not my forte, ideally, so I would let you decide what to do. Finally. I'm just sharing the things that. Some ideas that I think will be effective. Yeah. So for the main image, I. The one that, the one that I sent you, it was like, I want to. Right. It takes just above the package initially, I think on the notion document, what I thought was, it will be on the package. So if that is more effective, then I, I. We could have thought about changing the packaging design. That was the initial idea. Yeah. If you. Yeah. Like, that's above. Yeah. Above the. Not three. Go ahead. Yeah. I just wonder if. Yeah. That I don't know how easy it is. Well, that's not. That would be Alicia. Right? That wouldn't be. Of course. Yeah. But I don't know. Especially if they've ordered already. Right. That's always the problem, it seems. It's like, well, we already have 10,000 bags of these because you have to order them in such a huge quantity that, like, of course, like, for example, we've updated the dark chocolate chickpeas. We've updated that bag over a year ago, and we're still using the old ones because otherwise we're wasting, like, tens of thousands of dollars. No, I get it. Yeah. So in that case, maybe this one is easier to implement. We can just go right ahead with this. Okay. Yeah. So hopefully what you said here, like, adding that text to the top, it shouldn't be too hard. I think I understand why she didn't add it, because I think the hardest part with our packaging is, like, your other example was, like, a box, you know, where you can like clearly see that there's like a box and it's a side, whereas ours almost comes off like a poster because it's like having a bag. I find very limiting in design just from a designer, and I'm not a designer, but from a design perspective, just giving you some context, I understand kind of why she did what she did. Yeah. So anyway, so I hope that this is wrapped up. Yeah. The thing is, Amazon doesn't allow us to put any text on the main image. So what we are trying to do here is it should seem like as if it's almost a part of the package, but at the same time. Okay, this is. I'll tell you about the second part in a while, but that's what I'm trying to do. That it looks as if it's almost part of the package. Amazon's algorithm shouldn't be able to detect that it's something separate or text or icon that we're trying to include. So you do want it to be. So you're saying it has to be together. Okay, thank you for that. But there's. I'm sorry, I'll just go ahead and say this, but there's one more concern, and that is with shipping products on Amazon. So if it looks like it's too much. Like it's almost. It really looks like it's almost. It's really a part of the package. And this may sound a little bit confusing, then we may have some problem with shipments. So let's say we ship our current package and they. At the warehouse, they see, oh, it looks like it's a different package and the ones that are different from what we have received and that may cause some problems. So we don't want to want it to look too realistic, but at the same time, we want to avoid Amazon algorithm to understand. Oh, tricky thing. Yeah, it's a bit tricky. Yeah. Okay, I'll try and. Okay. I don't even know how I might just say exactly what we just said. Yeah, there's a. There's a little bit of a language barrier between the designer and myself, which is obviously fine, but sometimes she doesn't like a situation like this Might be hard to. To explain explain. But maybe I'll just while we're waiting anyways, because I don't really have anything else I will. To add. It's it. On external text. That makes sense. Please give me a moment. Okay. Healthy roasted crunch. Right. And that's what you wanted to say? Yeah. You know, there's no lack of noise Here. I don't know if you're hearing things. A lack of what? Sorry? Noise. I mean, I. Oh, no, I don't hear anything. Oh, you mean, like, where you are? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So funny that I was gonna say, one winter, I was in Bangladesh right next to you, right? Yeah, yeah. And I remember the first, like, week I was there. No, not even the week. The whole time I was there. At first I'm like, oh, this is so nice to be out of the winter. Right. Like, it was so cold. And then also, I was like. I didn't realize that people just drive however they want to drive. Like, now looking back, that sounds so naive. But I was like. I was 20, so I didn't understand. Like, I didn't know much of, like, the others. Other world. Yeah. Or places outside of. And I had traveled fair, but we lived in Germany and blah, blah, blah. But I had never been to, like, that side. And then. Yeah, it was crazy. I know. And you probably. If you remember, when you cross a road, how was that experience? Like, it's not like you were waiting for the traffic to stop, and then you will cross. That will never happen. Oh, my God. I. Now that we're waiting, I almost want to show you photos, so let me see if I can find them on my Facebook. I remember we were, like, on top of a bridge or something, and you can see people trying to get on the bus. And I'd never seen that before. And so. And at first it looked, like, aggressive to me, but then I'm like, oh, no. They're trying to help people. Like, they were trying to, like, shove people on the bus because they were trying to get the most amount of people on the bus. And then it was right after. And what's the one. There's maybe. Is that why you call them? There's. What's the big gathering around this time? Because I want to say it was February. What happens? Can you describe, like, what happens? Like, everyone went to Dhaka or. And then remember, Like, a lot of it was like, they went to the main. I don't know. I'm just gonna mess this up. But, like, temple. And a lot of it was like, walking in a circle. Do you know what I'm talking about? I remember it was like the. Remember. S. Saying to me, it was like, the second biggest holiday for them. Like, religious holiday. Is it something called. They were not playing with colors or anything, were they? No, not that one. No. Okay. Well, not sure what was going on. It may be also something specific to. Who knows? Oh, hey, Lisa. Yeah, sorry. We have a board meeting today, so all the last minute discussions and stuff are kind of hijacking my morning. Yeah, I told him. I was like, there's literally lots going on. Yeah. Okay, so we just. Just for your. Just to catch you up, we were talking about. So apparently he gave some great invite or insight that the bag needs to look like this is a part of it, but so that the algorithm doesn't detect like the bots that do it don't detect that this is separate, which is a good. However, it can't look too realistic because then like Amazon itself will think, oh, we got the wrong packaging. So, sorry, is that real? Well, I think if he show home just said that if they think that this part is actually was supposed to be attached to the bag and that's not what they received, that they'll reject it. Yeah, that happened before. I. I mean, we shipped almost. Yeah, we say that again. Yep, we shipped. I mean, for one of my clients, we shipped 1600 units and all of those are rejected and return. Okay. Yeah. So I don't want to take that risk. So what's next steps on making sure we don't take that risk? So I kind of just gave Katerina a suggestion. I'm like, can we put, you know, I'm like, please refer back to the original HERO image, which was like the black box design. Okay. So now I understand a little bit more about why this was included. So like the algorithm won't pick up that it's different, but it's clearly. I said to show Hongchu that the problem is I think this is clearly a box. Right. Because you can see the side of it. I think that we always have this issue because we have like a bag that's sort of. You know what I mean? So I just asked her to sort of like hug this top banner here, but sort of my suggestion was that it maybe a little bit oversized outside of the bag so that it's clear that it's not. Yeah. And just to bring Susie up to speed. So where we're at, Susie, show home already updated all the copy on the snacks to go page. And Brittany's just working on the getting the final images based on his recommendations. So that's what they're chatting on here. Otherwise the page is optimized. And then this weekend, Show Home is full, fully taking on the ad budget. The transition out of open sale, like, will be like official. So tracking into there. And then meanwhile, another big win was the node correction or the correction in the US with the snacks to go show Home, which was like, you literally did that in 24 hours. Thank you. So happy to see that both organic and sponsored are showing up. So hopefully that will help to just see the opportunity with that there. Yeah, yeah. Okay, so I'll let you finish. Brittany, anything on the imagery outside of the finisher? Yeah, yeah. I just said to him, I asked her if it was feasible for things to be done either. Like the original due date was today. I gave her. Yeah, so we'll see. Last night she said, do you want me to keep going or do you want me to do all of them? And I'm like, why didn't you do one or the other? F. So hopefully she gets it all done tonight. But Show Home said that Monday was. Was still fine. So. Yeah. Okay, great. And show Home. So you have everything you need to take over that ad budget on the weekend, right? Like you literally like all the access that that's been cleaned up and everything you have everything? Yes. Okay. Oh, perfect. So maybe that kind of actually leads into the budget discussion too. So as you know, how we've kind of been allocating that spend right now is almost like an even split Canada to the U.S. but now with this whole sort of like, you know, tariff thing going on with the US and then with the low hanging fruit in Canada, I know in the contract there Show Home, you're saying Ideally I have 10% of my budget. Like I think he wanted like 2500 in Canada or something. So I'd like to just align on pulling down the US Spend and pulling up that Canadian spend or what. And that spend in the US really is actually kind of supporting to see where that snacks to go item can kind of go. Right. Like, or what are your thoughts on if we kind of pull down Show Home even to like 500 in the US and then that should give you your full like 2 grand in Canada. Well, so the budget allocation in Canada is percentage based. 10%. Right. Right now I think we are doing almost $36,000 a month. So I propose we spend $3,600 because it's on a percentage basis. And in the US we were thinking of cutting down the spend, but something has changed. One important thing has changed right now that we also want to promote snack to go sku there. So that definitely needs some budget allocation. I mean, we're. I think we're spending about $600 right now in the US and we cannot stay at $600 if we want to promote a snack tuber variety pack there. So what you're asking for. So I guess at the end of the day, too, we just have to. If the tariffs come true through or when they do, it's just a price increase on our side. Right. So I have to work on my pricing with Natasha to see what that price increase would be. Can you put it up on the screen, guys? I. The. I just want to check the math on the budget and the 3, 600. So you know that chart. Yep. The chart that we had last week, Alicia, this week where you had the five buckets. You know, SEM, blah, blah, blah. Can we. Okay, so that's Britney's budget. Yeah. So. Because this will be a thing here. Show home. Like, we, like, like you're not gonna get 10 of the total, like, right out of the gate. Like, we have a budget that's being spent right now. And I'm like, unless we can show that strategy, like, I can go and get more for sure, but I just need to be very clear on what that is. So I think that's where I had the same thoughts. So did you have just from your one slide there? Just put it in the chat and I can pull it up if you want. Yeah, I have it. It's in that ecom, but it's still a as. It's like a. It's a fine line, Alicia, because if you don't spend the 10%, you know, you're. You're perhaps. So I don't. I think we need to. Yeah. Like, it might not be enough to move the needle. So then you're below threshold. You're not spending what you need. You're not getting the results. You can't argue to go higher because you're not getting the results, but it's because you below threshold. So you're in that vicious cycle. So I just want to see how do we do what you said, which is. So you want. Like, how. So let's just do what. What you did. Let's just type in a column here. I don't put it in Excel or something, Brittany. But let's just do the numbers we just talked about. Okay. Yeah, just let me open. Maybe I'll open the E. Commerce spread. Where did I put that? Yeah, let's jump in. In Excel. So because I guess you're saying show home when you're saying $600. That's what's being spent right now. It's not necessarily what we've given them for budget. Like, because we. Where's. Well, I put that. So this 800 here was like an average over the last. All over 20, 20, 24. So all of those 12 months. So yes, some months it was 600. And then some it was for a few months there in the fall, I think it was like 1100. No. Okay, so. And then. So what are monthly sales right now? Now I gotta go to sales report right now on the split of Canada versus in the US in the US 8,000 US sorry, what was it? In the US it's 8,000 US dollar in the last 30 days and in Canada it's 36,000. Okay, let's convert this. So I'm trying to think, what exchange do we use? What should I use? One point. Can we say that's in Canadian dollars? Let me just check. I think it is converted in the. Yeah. And what was Canada? 10:1 in US. And Surrey. What's Canada? 36,000 per month. Yeah. Okay. Which was an abnormally high month. Okay, let's take the average of the last three months though, right? Yeah. Oh, Last 3, 25, 21 and 38. Okay, so that's probably 30. Yeah. And then can you do the same for the U.S. there, Brittany? Yeah. Oh, sorry. They actually converted 11 2. So 11 2. And then the other ones were pretty low. Was. Probably nine. Oh, yeah. Like eight point. Like 8,300 on average the last three months. Okay, so this is actually. So we're basically the total we're at is 38 across the two. Right. Show home. Because you're saying 10% in both markets to start for Canada. And I do want to say that USA is more competitive. So if you want to do something there, I think we need to allocate around 20% in the U.S. you're saying in order to grow the U.S. because it's a new market, you're saying we need to go up to 20%. Okay. Yeah, gotcha. And just to be ultra clear, January was an extremely abnormal month in a good way. So the average over the last 12 months in sales was 25. Got it. Vaccine in Canada. Okay. So I don't know. Yeah, yeah. Because this is basically already like just jumping into this. It's already like a thousand dollars a month or a little bit more than what we're currently spending on Amazon, so. And you know what, Susie, we just. Susie, myself and Brittany, we already pulled down in a lot of the other areas, so I'm not concerned about that right now. But I would like to just start here and then until we have a more like strategic plan in the US and we should actually talk here about today. Start Touching on the sku on the ACE in rationalizing as well so that we thoroughly understand what are we taking out of the US even right. And what is that immediate revenue impact on that? And then because I know that lentils do really well in the US for instance, but our 40 grams are going away. So we might just want to understand the impact of that right away. But in terms of just where you start on the weekend show home, like here's your guardrails. Yeah, you're satisfied here? Yeah, I mean the budget in Canada is quite satisfactory and most of it will go for, I mean we'll spend most of it on snack to go. So it's quite good. Okay, so. Okay, so we need, so I think the only other addition I would have is what I've seen in the past and so on, let me know if that works is that you would have a like and that's what I'm gonna do for my cacao is a bit of a building. That's what we did with Better Chocolate. But we shut it down because it wasn't working like the like. So you have a building scale. So you have say March, April, May and we pre agree with you. So this would go on the scorecard, but we pre agree with you now that it's you know, 2600, 3000 and 3800 say. But then we have very clear metrics with you like now before you spend a penny. So if you're starting Saturday, we have to agree before we agree to some metrics for the next three months. So like you need to help us some of what it would look like. And I think you had some of these scorecards for other clients, you know, when you, you forecast the budget forward. So we need you to forecast the budget forward at least three months with what you're expecting to get. So what do you see as success? And of course you can forecast losing money. Right. Like I totally get that. I just, we just need to see, see what your forecasting will happen. And we know there's a 30 day, a 90 day patience investment. I've heard, you know our friend William, like I, you know, heard like he invested like 200,000 right to get like so the first 12 weeks he invested 200,000, now he has 30 million run rate and he's 18 months later. Right. Like, but we just need to know what's in your head. Like what are you thinking? Like are we going to lose money in three months? And if so is it going to be 2,000 or 15,000 or we're not. We're going to have our cake and eat it too. We're going to spend 3,000 and then boom, we're automatically right the first month going to be profitable. So do you have that like mapped out and if not, can you map that out with the key metrics? Sure, yeah. I will need the cost of goods data and yeah, sure, I can definitely take a look. Of course this forecast not going to be accurate, but so we'll give you use 50% for cost of goods now and we'll give you exactly whether it's 46 or 54 by SKU. But use 50 of gross or net, Alicia, because. Yeah, but this is. Yeah, this is the Amazon. It's a higher number, right? Like when you quote the 50 for your business, is it of retail? Is it gross or net? Usually net. So it's 50. So it might be a little bit higher than that because Amazon gross is. Can you just write with the. So here, let's just put what we want to see. We want to see your data dollar sales. Like we'll just kind of say the rows I think we want to see. So one is your dollar sales and that's at whatever $15, whatever your multi pack is. What's your multi pack price set on Amazon without sale? 17.99 okay, so just put. So one row is gross sales and then whatever. Like on average it's $18. Like the next row below it will be units individual whatever you measure in Amazon sohem like the individual shares. I wonder if it'd be show home. Can you pick up your or pull up your latest report card and maybe we can just make sure it's all in there or we can simplify down and say hey, like just show us these things. Yeah, let me share my screen. Yeah, because, because definitely the metrics I think are in there show home. But what we're asking to add in is the forecast like a something to measure up against which I guess Brittany, we kind of have our own. Like we have a baseline, but not necessarily, but we want to see his. Yeah. So have. You have to. For you to get the right to spend on Amazon, you have to, it has to be your forecast and your key success metrics. So take a stab at what you think is important to report back. But we need to know from you, what do you think the like what is your ask span? Right. 2800 3000. What is your revenue? What is your units sold? And therefore average basket. Right. Like math and of course then just use 50% off the $18 for cost of goods for now. But again, it's more about what are the other metrics than units sold? Basket size. And you probably want to do it per week. So they're all here. Is this column right? Yeah. Or like, so ao. So, so you have your units. Okay, here we go. So we have units, orders, revenues. Because in terms of like, the profitability, like, we could likely do that, like, internally from what this is. Right, Let our finance team do that. So, but you have your quantities, how many orders? So your basket size basically is what that would give your re. Your revenues. Sorry, is this every day? This is daily, weekly, monthly, however we want to trend it. Yes. What is the PPC 13? Was that pay per click rev? Yeah, this one is. I mean, how much revenue is being generated by ppc, the advertisement. Okay, and then acos is what? And tacos is what? What's that? ACOS is advertising cost of spend. It's just from the ad console. And tacos, it's. Okay, so take. These are all awesome variables. Take these variables and tell us the next three months. Where's the ad spend row here? Add, add, spin. Okay, spend 30. That 36, right? Yeah. So spam, CPC, it's. Yeah, so span CPC, CDR orders, revenue. This is perfect. Take these nine rows and just project to the best of your guessability the next three months. What's most important for us is to understand your vision of this spend. So assume, you know, the first month is 2,600, the second month is the 3,000, the 10%. So 8%, 10%, 12% over 90 days. But tell us what we can get for that. If you have a different recommendation, if you say, you know, do 10% though 2%, 4%, 10%. Like, there's different strategies. So what spend strategy for 90 days do you recommend? I'm proposing 8, 10, 12%. Is that okay? Or you want to do 10, 10, 10, always 10. And I. What I ideally propose is. Yeah, I mean, for now. And that 10% is based on the revenue. Current revenue. That's what I usually suggest. Okay, so do you want 10? 10, 10. Okay, so put 10, 10, 10. So 3,000, 3,000, 3,000. And then tell us March, April, May, fill in, present back to us a little Excel. That would say, you know, by month, because this is by Day, the October 10, 10. And then what would the other things be to the best of your ability? You just have to guess at it. Don't spend. You know, the important ones are spend and orders and revenue and. But I also want to see what you think's gonna happen. Like your impressions. Do you think you're gonna wind up getting going from a hundred thousand to four hundred thousand? Right, like we want to see. Yeah. What do you think's gonna happen if you spend the 10, 10, 10. And can we visit that before we turn on the 10%? Can we meet to understand, Like, I'd like to know what you're thinking before we start executing. So, Suzy, what I can do is I can give you the key metrics, like units. It's basically going to be forecast and spin and maybe also the tacos calculation. Because if you know the number of units, we will also be able to calculate that. But it's. I won't be able to calculate. Calculate the estimated CPC imprint. The ones you can't be on my school. And you know what those are? Those are actually the. So actually show them. Just a piece of education here. Can you explain to me again the tacos? Sure. Total a cost. So there's a cost and then there's total a cost? Yes. Yeah, yeah. I'll just go with the tacos first. There's a taco stand too. So it's advertising. Advertisement cost of total sales. That's the full form of it. Total. Okay. Yeah, we are comparing the ad spend with the total revenue. That's awesome. Yeah, yeah, that is. Okay. So it's basically saying of total sales, that's how much you had to buy. Those are the ones you had to buy. Can you say that one more? Like, does it tell you. Does that define organic versus paid sales? Well, no, it doesn't compare organic versus paid sales. It just compares. I mean, it's more. It's more of an absolute KPI. So you're spending this much on ads, how much is that generating overall? Because on Amazon. Yeah, yeah, because on Amazon it's kind of cool because the stronger your brand, the more you can temporarily cut your ads spend and you'll maintain certain amount of volume. So this kind of tells you at the end of the day, the buck stops here. Like, what happened with two. Two mathematical things? How much did you spend and how much did you sell? Right. Without allocation, blah, blah, blah. So can you tell us though, what do you think's gonna happen, Soham, like when you go from whatever we're spending now to 3,000, you can't guess at the impressions or do you think it's literally going to be linear? Like your impression are linearly going to go up and your revenue is going to be linear to your impressions? I'm just wondering if you can share with us what you think usually happens in 90 days when you jump to 10%. Is it linear? Is it a bit of a curve? Yeah, let's talk about that. So now you're. Well, I'm asking for $3,000 budget monthly ad spend and that doesn't mean that I'll spend all of it. I'm just asking for that budget so that I have the flexibility to do that. So when we start launching new ad campaigns. And that's going to be based on the opportunities that I saw when I audited your account. Right. So I observed. Okay, we are converting really well. The conversion rate is really well for some keywords, but we are not winning enough impressions. We are not getting enough impression share. I'll push to rank for those keywords. That's how I'll be spending the money. And you can say it's going to be a bunch of tests that we're going to do on your account. So it's kind of impossible to predict how it's going to go. It's not definitive. All of the things that you do are tests. So basically you're just saying it's not, it's too volatile to actually. Yes. Energy behind forecasting it. Well, I can measure. Yes, you are right. But I can still, if you just want to want me to forecast the number of units that we. I can expect to sell does still. I have to assume that. Totally assume that. But I can still give you something. But it's impossible to. I don't have the capabilities to predict the impressions and the number of clicks that we're going to win or the cpcs. We cannot do that. Yeah. Okay, so I notice on here we don't have a roas. Well, ACOS is roas. So it's. ROAS is inverse of Ecos. It's just the percentage of. Yeah. Instead of the dollar. Yeah, I see. Okay. Okay. So I don't know, Susie. I'm. I'm personally satisfied with forecasting out those key metrics because those in themselves tell us, hey, this is what I'm giving you to spend and this is the revenue. And then you know, this. I'm also satisfied with all of this dashboard like this. Yeah, it's awesome. We'll be able to trend this whether it's daily, weekly, monthly. And so thank you show show home for reformatting this or showing this. So is this also something we can share moving forward? I see that it's a Google Doc because we'll want it live and, and this will be probably what we come to on our bi weekly meetings and stuff or. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I have already shared the link. So anyone who has that. I have the link. Yeah, yeah. I'll, I'll make sure Susie and Brittany have it as well so that it's a live. It's a live Google Doc. Okay. And so today is. What day is it? The 20th. Whatever freaking day of the week it is. So are you able show home by tomorrow to just send us over the next three months those metrics like your forecast ad spend tacos on basically starting. Because you're saying I just want to start at 10% and stay at 10% for a while. Yeah, yeah, 10% of the revenue. Okay. So let's get started at 3,000 then we'll of course have discussions and if need any budget adjustment will of course have that. And by the way, I'll start this on the. Sorry. How does this dashboard look? Is it, is there a separate one for Canada and the U.S. does this one pivot across the two markets? Yes, I mean I will create another one for the U.S. okay. And you'll also show us both Canada and us. Okay. Yes. Okay. And I was going to say that we're going to launch the ads on Monday, not on Saturday. Okay. Yeah. But just so you know that Brittany too to. So that open sale knows when someone's in there doing that and stuff. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Well that's great. I feel that that was purposeful in aligning on the scorecard and thank you Susie for bringing that forward about forecasting it out. That's awesome. So I guess, you know, so let's start show home. We'll maybe have a weekly touch point. You'll get into it next week. So maybe end of next week we can have a short touch point point as well. But unless you send this forecast and we have questions and we might need to jump on a call or something but we'll let you know about that. So if you could send that tomorrow, we'll have a touch point late next week after you've taken control. Britney's tracking the images forward and, and then again our, our next touch point we're going to have to hash on the discontinuing of those asins just so that you're very clear on the timing. We have more time because they're fulfilled by Amazon. So they're working. We basically are just going to work them down to zero. So. But just so that you have an understanding of where that's going. Are you in the box? Alicia, are you switching the double box? Is that an active project or. That's. So you mean the snacks to go box? Yeah, yeah. So we want to move it, Suzy, from one unit to six because we have a six pack that we already build for other customers. So it streamlines a lot operationally for us. So we've spoken already with Shohom and Anubhav on how that would need to work. Annabh just left today. He's off on his way to India. So we are going to have an early touch point in March because show home. I want to have another touch point on that because we had to look on how the boms. We have to create a new item internally and map it into the asin so there's, there's risk in management there. So I just want to make sure the plan is very, very. So that's the project though, to not double box it, to leave it in bags and not double box it. Right, Correct. So what's the six thing? I missed that. What's that? The size of the pack. So right now, because we sell in the unit. Yeah. So the unit is in a box. So they're taking the box. Yeah, we want to, we want to make it a six pack. So it streams lines with three other customers that we pack the snacks to go for. We already operationally have an item set up that is six of the snacks to go bags inside. So we want to change it to that already set up item and then Amazon will pick out of that box. Okay, just so you know, just, I'll just share this, but for my little hot chocolate cacao, we're going to a 30 pound box. Yeah. And we did talk about that, Susie. But again, that operationally and manufacturing, we want to use an already existing item. Okay. But yeah, we did talk about like we could frill a freaking gaylord like and, and, and go like do a whole pallet count. But again, just. It's set without means. You have to set up a whole new item. Okay, there's this. Yeah, it's kind of like if we just inventory. Take an inventory that's already built. It just streamlines a lot. Yeah. So. So Han, does that make sense? So now Amazon's gonna get a cardboard box with six pouches inside instead of in the. Right now it was individual cardboard that I saw. Right. Yeah. So that's a major win. As Amazon gets bigger though, if there are significant savings with having, you know, £30 instead of six, then once there's, if there's a lot of volume and therefore A lot of savings that can be a project for the future. But learn now whether you know you're going to save cardboard and labor already. Yeah. And then because the other thing because. Well, this is actually good that we're starting with the snacks to go and optimizing this because the other thing we'll talk about on our next call is. Okay, so the for sure discontinued ASINs and what's happening there so that you have timing and know. And the second is the new item, the new launch item, which is the new variety pack, which my assumption is page setup imagery will all be very same. But I'd love to just understand more like even like a simple question is like will it be its own page or will it be an iteration of the snacks to go item? Right. Like just strategically kind of hash out how will setup occur that item. We have the. Or the packaging into print. So likely ready to ship by mid April. I'm being probably conservative. Likely ready to ship to Amazon in April. Okay. Yeah. Where do you print again? You're local or you're overseas. So we're local. We have two. We have a digital print and then like more press. So we always start new items digital especially because it's only going on econ. So we use epac. They have a. They have Ontario and bc. So it is local and lead times are really fast for things like this. But then we just moved our higher volume packaging out. Out of country actually to a company called Jackson. Yeah. So longer lead times but like literally 60 cost savings. I gotta run. I gotta run. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay, bye. Okay, bye. Hey, so show home and Brittany, we'll connect. I'll watch for that for you tomorrow. Show home. Yeah. And we'll connect again sometime next week. Thank you so much. Sounds good. Thank you. Okay, bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: All together with the icons. Because what I said to her was, like, if this barbecue one slides down here. Right. And they can all sort of be hugging down here.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Then we could add these. So I told her she'd probably have to make icons or something, so we'll see. But she only works evenings, and I'm a little frustrated because she said, okay, do you want all these now, or should I revise the first two? And I'm like, we should have done something at least.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker A: Because it was like 5:20 at night. So I just was like, is it possible to get it wrapped up? What, did someone come in?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: Oh, I thought I heard the waiting sound. So I'm hoping that this could be wrapped up tomorrow, if not early next week. Is that still fine?

Speaker B: Yeah, of course. I mean, I'm okay with that. And, you know, even more important than that is the main image. I know I have. Okay, here's the thing. Design is not my forte, ideally, so I would let you decide what to do. Finally. I'm just sharing the things that. Some ideas that I think will be effective.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: So for the main image, I. The one that, the one that I sent you, it was like, I want to.

Speaker D: Right.

Speaker B: It takes just above the package initially, I think on the notion document, what I thought was, it will be on the package. So if that is more effective, then I, I. We could have thought about changing the packaging design. That was the initial idea.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: If you.

Speaker A: Yeah. Like, that's above.

Speaker B: Yeah. Above the. Not three. Go ahead.

Speaker A: Yeah. I just wonder if. Yeah. That I don't know how easy it is. Well, that's not. That would be Alicia. Right? That wouldn't be.

Speaker B: Of course. Yeah.

Speaker A: But I don't know. Especially if they've ordered already. Right. That's always the problem, it seems. It's like, well, we already have 10,000 bags of these because you have to order them in such a huge quantity that, like, of course, like, for example, we've updated the dark chocolate chickpeas. We've updated that bag over a year ago, and we're still using the old ones because otherwise we're wasting, like, tens of thousands of dollars.

Speaker B: No, I get it.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So in that case, maybe this one is easier to implement. We can just go right ahead with this.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So hopefully what you said here, like, adding that text to the top, it shouldn't be too hard. I think I understand why she didn't add it, because I think the hardest part with our packaging is, like, your other example was, like, a box, you know, where you can like clearly see that there's like a box and it's a side, whereas ours almost comes off like a poster because it's like having a bag. I find very limiting in design just from a designer, and I'm not a designer, but from a design perspective, just giving you some context, I understand kind of why she did what she did. Yeah. So anyway, so I hope that this is wrapped up.

Speaker B: Yeah. The thing is, Amazon doesn't allow us to put any text on the main image. So what we are trying to do here is it should seem like as if it's almost a part of the package, but at the same time. Okay, this is. I'll tell you about the second part in a while, but that's what I'm trying to do. That it looks as if it's almost part of the package. Amazon's algorithm shouldn't be able to detect that it's something separate or text or icon that we're trying to include.

Speaker A: So you do want it to be. So you're saying it has to be together. Okay, thank you for that.

Speaker B: But there's. I'm sorry, I'll just go ahead and say this, but there's one more concern, and that is with shipping products on Amazon. So if it looks like it's too much. Like it's almost. It really looks like it's almost. It's really a part of the package. And this may sound a little bit confusing, then we may have some problem with shipments. So let's say we ship our current package and they. At the warehouse, they see, oh, it looks like it's a different package and the ones that are different from what we have received and that may cause some problems. So we don't want to want it to look too realistic, but at the same time, we want to avoid Amazon algorithm to understand.

Speaker A: Oh, tricky thing.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's a bit tricky. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, I'll try and. Okay. I don't even know how I might just say exactly what we just said. Yeah, there's a. There's a little bit of a language barrier between the designer and myself, which is obviously fine, but sometimes she doesn't like a situation like this Might be hard to. To explain explain. But maybe I'll just while we're waiting anyways, because I don't really have anything else I will.

Speaker C: To add.

Speaker D: It's it.

Speaker A: On external text.

Speaker B: That makes sense. Please give me a moment.

Speaker A: Okay. Healthy roasted crunch. Right. And that's what you wanted to say?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: You know, there's no lack of noise Here. I don't know if you're hearing things.

Speaker A: A lack of what?

Speaker B: Sorry? Noise. I mean, I. Oh, no, I don't hear anything.

Speaker A: Oh, you mean, like, where you are?

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. So funny that I was gonna say, one winter, I was in Bangladesh right next to you, right?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: And I remember the first, like, week I was there. No, not even the week. The whole time I was there. At first I'm like, oh, this is so nice to be out of the winter. Right. Like, it was so cold. And then also, I was like. I didn't realize that people just drive however they want to drive. Like, now looking back, that sounds so naive. But I was like. I was 20, so I didn't understand. Like, I didn't know much of, like, the others.

Speaker B: Other world.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Or places outside of. And I had traveled fair, but we lived in Germany and blah, blah, blah. But I had never been to, like, that side. And then. Yeah, it was crazy.

Speaker B: I know. And you probably. If you remember, when you cross a road, how was that experience? Like, it's not like you were waiting for the traffic to stop, and then you will cross. That will never happen. Oh, my God.

Speaker A: I. Now that we're waiting, I almost want to show you photos, so let me see if I can find them on my Facebook. I remember we were, like, on top of a bridge or something, and you can see people trying to get on the bus. And I'd never seen that before. And so. And at first it looked, like, aggressive to me, but then I'm like, oh, no. They're trying to help people. Like, they were trying to, like, shove people on the bus because they were trying to get the most amount of people on the bus. And then it was right after. And what's the one. There's maybe. Is that why you call them? There's. What's the big gathering around this time? Because I want to say it was February.

Speaker B: What happens? Can you describe, like, what happens?

Speaker A: Like, everyone went to Dhaka or. And then remember, Like, a lot of it was like, they went to the main. I don't know. I'm just gonna mess this up. But, like, temple. And a lot of it was like, walking in a circle. Do you know what I'm talking about? I remember it was like the. Remember. S. Saying to me, it was like, the second biggest holiday for them. Like, religious holiday.

Speaker B: Is it something called. They were not playing with colors or anything, were they?

Speaker A: No, not that one. No.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Well, not sure what was going on. It may be also something specific to. Who knows? Oh, hey, Lisa.

Speaker C: Yeah, sorry. We have a board meeting today, so all the last minute discussions and stuff are kind of hijacking my morning.

Speaker A: Yeah, I told him. I was like, there's literally lots going on.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, so we just. Just for your. Just to catch you up, we were talking about. So apparently he gave some great invite or insight that the bag needs to look like this is a part of it, but so that the algorithm doesn't detect like the bots that do it don't detect that this is separate, which is a good. However, it can't look too realistic because then like Amazon itself will think, oh, we got the wrong packaging. So,

Speaker C: sorry, is that real?

Speaker A: Well, I think if he show home just said that if they think that this part is actually was supposed to be attached to the bag and that's not what they received, that they'll reject it.

Speaker B: Yeah, that happened before. I. I mean, we shipped almost. Yeah, we say that again. Yep, we shipped. I mean, for one of my clients, we shipped 1600 units and all of those are rejected and return.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: So I don't want to take that risk. So what's next steps on making sure we don't take that risk?

Speaker A: So I kind of just gave Katerina a suggestion. I'm like, can we put, you know, I'm like, please refer back to the original HERO image, which was like the black box design. Okay. So now I understand a little bit more about why this was included. So like the algorithm won't pick up that it's different, but it's clearly. I said to show Hongchu that the problem is I think this is clearly a box. Right. Because you can see the side of it. I think that we always have this issue because we have like a bag that's sort of. You know what I mean? So I just asked her to sort of like hug this top banner here, but sort of my suggestion was that

Speaker D: it

Speaker A: maybe a little bit oversized outside of the bag so that it's clear that it's not.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: And just to bring Susie up to speed. So where we're at, Susie, show home already updated all the copy on the snacks to go page. And Brittany's just working on the getting the final images based on his recommendations. So that's what they're chatting on here. Otherwise the page is optimized. And then this weekend, Show Home is full, fully taking on the ad budget. The transition out of open sale, like, will be like official. So tracking into there. And then meanwhile, another big win was the node correction or the correction in the US with the snacks to go show Home, which was like, you literally did that in 24 hours.

Speaker D: Thank you.

Speaker C: So happy to see that both organic and sponsored are showing up. So hopefully that will help to just see the opportunity with that there. Yeah, yeah. Okay, so I'll let you finish. Brittany, anything on the imagery outside of the finisher?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. I just said to him, I asked her if it was feasible for things to be done either. Like the original due date was today. I gave her. Yeah, so we'll see. Last night she said, do you want me to keep going or do you want me to do all of them? And I'm like, why didn't you do one or the other? F. So hopefully she gets it all done tonight. But Show Home said that Monday was. Was still fine.

Speaker C: So. Yeah. Okay, great. And show Home. So you have everything you need to take over that ad budget on the weekend, right? Like you literally like all the access that that's been cleaned up and everything you have everything?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker C: Okay. Oh, perfect. So maybe that kind of actually leads into the budget discussion too. So as you know, how we've kind of been allocating that spend right now is almost like an even split Canada to the U.S. but now with this whole sort of like, you know, tariff thing going on with the US and then with the low hanging fruit in Canada, I know in the contract there Show Home, you're saying Ideally I have 10% of my budget. Like I think he wanted like 2500 in Canada or something. So I'd like to just align on pulling down the US Spend and pulling up that Canadian spend or what. And that spend in the US really is actually kind of supporting to see where that snacks to go item can kind of go. Right. Like, or what are your thoughts on if we kind of pull down Show Home even to like 500 in the US and then that should give you your full like 2 grand in Canada.

Speaker B: Well, so the budget allocation in Canada is percentage based. 10%. Right. Right now I think we are doing almost $36,000 a month. So I propose we spend $3,600 because it's on a percentage basis. And in the US we were thinking of cutting down the spend, but something has changed. One important thing has changed right now that we also want to promote snack to go sku there. So that definitely needs some budget allocation. I mean, we're. I think we're spending about $600 right now in the US and we cannot stay at $600 if we want to promote a snack tuber variety pack there.

Speaker C: So what you're asking for. So I guess at the end of the day, too, we just have to. If the tariffs come true through or when they do, it's just a price increase on our side. Right. So I have to work on my pricing with Natasha to see what that price increase would be.

Speaker D: Can you put it up on the screen, guys?

Speaker C: I.

Speaker B: The.

Speaker D: I just want to check the math on the budget and the 3, 600. So you know that chart.

Speaker C: Yep.

Speaker D: The chart that we had last week, Alicia, this week where you had the five buckets. You know, SEM, blah, blah, blah. Can we.

Speaker C: Okay, so that's Britney's budget. Yeah. So. Because this will be a thing here. Show home. Like, we, like, like you're not gonna get 10 of the total, like, right out of the gate. Like, we have a budget that's being spent right now. And I'm like, unless we can show that strategy, like, I can go and get more for sure, but I just need to be very clear on what that is. So I think that's where

Speaker D: I had the same thoughts.

Speaker C: So did you have just from your one slide there? Just put it in the chat and

Speaker A: I can pull it up if you want. Yeah, I have it.

Speaker D: It's in that ecom, but it's still a as. It's like a. It's a fine line, Alicia, because if you don't spend the 10%, you know, you're. You're perhaps. So I don't. I think we need to. Yeah. Like, it might not be enough to move the needle. So then you're below threshold. You're not spending what you need. You're not getting the results. You can't argue to go higher because you're not getting the results, but it's because you below threshold. So you're in that vicious cycle. So I just want to see how do we do what you said, which is. So you want.

Speaker C: Like, how.

Speaker D: So let's just do what. What you did. Let's just type in a column here. I don't put it in Excel or something, Brittany. But let's just do the numbers we just talked about.

Speaker C: Okay. Yeah, just let me open. Maybe I'll open the E. Commerce spread. Where did I put that?

Speaker D: Yeah, let's jump in. In Excel. So because I guess you're saying show

Speaker C: home when you're saying $600. That's what's being spent right now. It's not necessarily what we've given them for budget. Like, because we.

Speaker A: Where's.

Speaker C: Well, I put that.

Speaker A: So this 800 here was like an average over the last. All over 20, 20, 24. So all of those 12 months. So yes, some months it was 600. And then some it was for a few months there in the fall, I think it was like 1100. No.

Speaker C: Okay, so. And then. So what are monthly sales right now? Now I gotta go to sales report right now on the split of Canada versus in the US in the US

Speaker B: 8,000 US sorry, what was it? In the US it's 8,000 US dollar in the last 30 days and in Canada it's 36,000.

Speaker C: Okay, let's convert this. So I'm trying to think, what exchange do we use? What should I use? One point. Can we say that's in Canadian dollars?

Speaker A: Let me just check. I think it is converted in the. Yeah.

Speaker C: And what was Canada?

Speaker A: 10:1 in US.

Speaker C: And Surrey. What's Canada?

Speaker B: 36,000 per month. Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Which was an abnormally high month.

Speaker D: Okay, let's take the average of the last three months though, right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Oh,

Speaker A: Last 3, 25, 21 and 38.

Speaker C: Okay, so that's probably 30. Yeah. And then can you do the same for the U.S. there, Brittany?

Speaker A: Yeah. Oh, sorry. They actually converted 11 2. So 11 2. And then the other ones were pretty low.

Speaker B: Was.

Speaker C: Probably nine.

Speaker A: Oh, yeah. Like eight point. Like 8,300 on average the last three months.

Speaker C: Okay, so this is actually. So we're basically the total we're at is 38 across the two. Right. Show home. Because you're saying 10% in both markets

Speaker B: to start for Canada. And I do want to say that USA is more competitive. So if you want to do something there, I think we need to allocate around 20% in the U.S. you're saying

Speaker C: in order to grow the U.S. because it's a new market, you're saying we need to go up to 20%. Okay. Yeah, gotcha.

Speaker A: And just to be ultra clear, January was an extremely abnormal month in a good way. So the average over the last 12 months in sales was 25.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: Vaccine in Canada.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So I don't know. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: Because this is basically already like just jumping into this. It's already like a thousand dollars a month or a little bit more than what we're currently spending on Amazon, so. And you know what, Susie, we just. Susie, myself and Brittany, we already pulled down in a lot of the other areas, so I'm not concerned about that right now. But I would like to just start here and then until we have a more like strategic plan in the US and we should actually talk here about today. Start Touching on the sku on the ACE in rationalizing as well so that we thoroughly understand what are we taking out of the US even right. And what is that immediate revenue impact on that? And then because I know that lentils do really well in the US for instance, but our 40 grams are going away. So we might just want to understand the impact of that right away. But in terms of just where you start on the weekend show home, like here's your guardrails. Yeah, you're satisfied here?

Speaker B: Yeah, I mean the budget in Canada is quite satisfactory and most of it will go for, I mean we'll spend most of it on snack to go. So it's quite good.

Speaker C: Okay, so. Okay,

Speaker D: so we need, so I think the only other addition I would have is what I've seen in the past and so on, let me know if that works is that you would have a like and that's what I'm gonna do for my cacao is a bit of a building. That's what we did with Better Chocolate. But we shut it down because it wasn't working like the like. So you have a building scale. So you have say March, April, May and we pre agree with you. So this would go on the scorecard, but we pre agree with you now that it's you know, 2600, 3000 and 3800 say. But then we have very clear metrics with you like now before you spend a penny. So if you're starting Saturday, we have to agree before we agree to some metrics for the next three months. So like you need to help us some of what it would look like. And I think you had some of these scorecards for other clients, you know, when you, you forecast the budget forward. So we need you to forecast the budget forward at least three months with what you're expecting to get. So what do you see as success? And of course you can forecast losing money. Right. Like I totally get that. I just, we just need to see, see what your forecasting will happen. And we know there's a 30 day, a 90 day patience investment. I've heard, you know our friend William, like I, you know, heard like he invested like 200,000 right to get like so the first 12 weeks he invested 200,000, now he has 30 million run rate and he's 18 months later. Right. Like, but we just need to know what's in your head. Like what are you thinking? Like are we going to lose money in three months? And if so is it going to be 2,000 or 15,000 or we're not. We're going to have our cake and eat it too. We're going to spend 3,000 and then boom, we're automatically right the first month going to be profitable. So do you have that like mapped out and if not, can you map that out with the key metrics?

Speaker B: Sure, yeah. I will need the cost of goods data and yeah, sure, I can definitely take a look. Of course this forecast not going to

Speaker D: be accurate, but so we'll give you use 50% for cost of goods now and we'll give you exactly whether it's 46 or 54 by SKU. But use 50 of gross or net, Alicia, because. Yeah, but this is. Yeah, this is the Amazon. It's a higher number, right? Like when you quote the 50 for your business, is it of retail? Is it gross or net? Usually net. So it's 50. So it might be a little bit higher than that because Amazon gross is. Can you just write with the. So here, let's just put what we want to see. We want to see your data dollar sales. Like we'll just kind of say the rows I think we want to see. So one is your dollar sales and that's at whatever $15, whatever your multi pack is. What's your multi pack price set on Amazon without sale?

Speaker C: 17.99 okay, so just put.

Speaker D: So one row is gross sales and then whatever. Like on average it's $18. Like the next row below it will be units individual whatever you measure in Amazon sohem like the individual shares.

Speaker C: I wonder if it'd be show home. Can you pick up your or pull up your latest report card and maybe we can just make sure it's all in there or we can simplify down and say hey, like just show us these things.

Speaker B: Yeah, let me share my screen.

Speaker C: Yeah, because, because definitely the metrics I think are in there show home. But what we're asking to add in is the forecast like a something to measure up against which I guess Brittany, we kind of have our own. Like we have a baseline, but not necessarily, but we want to see his. Yeah.

Speaker D: So have. You have to. For you to get the right to spend on Amazon, you have to, it has to be your forecast and your key success metrics. So take a stab at what you think is important to report back. But we need to know from you, what do you think the like what is your ask span? Right. 2800 3000. What is your revenue? What is your units sold? And therefore average basket. Right. Like math and of course then just use 50% off the $18 for cost of goods for now. But again, it's more about what are the other metrics than units sold? Basket size. And you probably want to do it per week.

Speaker C: So they're all here. Is this column right?

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: Or like, so ao. So, so you have your units. Okay, here we go. So we have units, orders, revenues. Because in terms of like, the profitability, like, we could likely do that, like, internally from what this is. Right, Let our finance team do that. So, but you have your quantities, how many orders? So your basket size basically is what that would give your re. Your revenues. Sorry, is this every day? This is daily, weekly, monthly, however we want to trend it.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker D: What is the PPC 13? Was that pay per click rev?

Speaker B: Yeah, this one is. I mean, how much revenue is being generated by ppc, the advertisement.

Speaker D: Okay, and then acos is what? And tacos is what? What's that?

Speaker B: ACOS is advertising cost of spend. It's just from the ad console. And tacos, it's.

Speaker D: Okay, so take. These are all awesome variables. Take these variables and tell us the next three months. Where's the ad spend row here? Add, add, spin. Okay, spend 30. That 36, right?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker D: So spam, CPC, it's. Yeah, so span CPC, CDR orders, revenue. This is perfect. Take these nine rows and just project to the best of your guessability the next three months. What's most important for us is to understand your vision of this spend. So assume, you know, the first month is 2,600, the second month is the 3,000, the 10%. So 8%, 10%, 12% over 90 days. But tell us what we can get for that. If you have a different recommendation, if you say, you know, do 10% though 2%, 4%, 10%. Like, there's different strategies. So what spend strategy for 90 days do you recommend? I'm proposing 8, 10, 12%. Is that okay? Or you want to do 10, 10, 10, always 10.

Speaker B: And I. What I ideally propose is. Yeah, I mean, for now. And that 10% is based on the revenue. Current revenue. That's what I usually suggest.

Speaker D: Okay, so do you want 10?

Speaker C: 10, 10.

Speaker D: Okay, so put 10, 10, 10. So 3,000, 3,000, 3,000. And then tell us March, April, May, fill in, present back to us a little Excel. That would say, you know, by month, because this is by Day, the October 10, 10. And then what would the other things be to the best of your ability? You just have to guess at it. Don't spend. You know, the important ones are spend and orders and revenue and. But I also want to see what you think's gonna happen. Like your impressions. Do you think you're gonna wind up getting going from a hundred thousand to four hundred thousand? Right, like we want to see. Yeah. What do you think's gonna happen if you spend the 10, 10, 10. And can we visit that before we turn on the 10%? Can we meet to understand, Like, I'd like to know what you're thinking before we start executing.

Speaker B: So, Suzy, what I can do is I can give you the key metrics, like units. It's basically going to be forecast and spin and maybe also the tacos calculation. Because if you know the number of units, we will also be able to calculate that.

Speaker D: But it's.

Speaker B: I won't be able to calculate. Calculate the estimated CPC imprint.

Speaker D: The ones you can't be on my school.

Speaker C: And you know what those are? Those are actually the. So actually show them. Just a piece of education here. Can you explain to me again the tacos?

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker C: Total a cost. So there's a cost and then there's total a cost? Yes. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: I'll just go with the tacos first. There's a taco stand too. So it's advertising. Advertisement cost of total sales. That's the full form of it.

Speaker A: Total. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, we are comparing the ad spend with the total revenue.

Speaker D: That's awesome.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, that is.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: So it's basically saying of total sales, that's how much you had to buy. Those are the ones you had to buy.

Speaker B: Can you say that one more?

Speaker C: Like, does it tell you. Does that define organic versus paid sales?

Speaker B: Well, no, it doesn't compare organic versus paid sales. It just compares. I mean, it's more. It's more of an absolute KPI. So you're spending this much on ads, how much is that generating overall? Because on Amazon. Yeah, yeah, because on Amazon it's kind

Speaker D: of cool because the stronger your brand, the more you can temporarily cut your ads spend and you'll maintain certain amount of volume. So this kind of tells you at the end of the day, the buck stops here. Like, what happened with two. Two mathematical things? How much did you spend and how much did you sell? Right. Without allocation, blah, blah, blah. So can you tell us though, what do you think's gonna happen, Soham, like when you go from whatever we're spending now to 3,000, you can't guess at the impressions or do you think it's literally going to be linear? Like your impression are linearly going to go up and your revenue is going to be linear to your impressions? I'm just wondering if you can share with us what you think usually happens in 90 days when you jump to 10%. Is it linear? Is it a bit of a curve?

Speaker B: Yeah, let's talk about that. So now you're. Well, I'm asking for $3,000 budget monthly ad spend and that doesn't mean that I'll spend all of it. I'm just asking for that budget so that I have the flexibility to do that. So when we start launching new ad campaigns. And that's going to be based on the opportunities that I saw when I audited your account. Right. So I observed. Okay, we are converting really well. The conversion rate is really well for some keywords, but we are not winning enough impressions. We are not getting enough impression share. I'll push to rank for those keywords. That's how I'll be spending the money. And you can say it's going to be a bunch of tests that we're going to do on your account. So it's kind of impossible to predict how it's going to go. It's not definitive. All of the things that you do are tests.

Speaker C: So basically you're just saying it's not, it's too volatile to actually. Yes. Energy behind forecasting it. Well, I can measure.

Speaker B: Yes, you are right. But I can still, if you just want to want me to forecast the number of units that we. I can expect to sell does still. I have to assume that. Totally assume that. But I can still give you something. But it's impossible to. I don't have the capabilities to predict the impressions and the number of clicks that we're going to win or the cpcs. We cannot do that.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay, so I notice on here we don't have a roas.

Speaker B: Well, ACOS is roas. So it's. ROAS is inverse of Ecos.

Speaker C: It's just the percentage of. Yeah. Instead of the dollar. Yeah, I see.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. So I don't know, Susie. I'm. I'm personally satisfied with forecasting out those key metrics because those in themselves tell us, hey, this is what I'm giving you to spend and this is the revenue. And then you know, this. I'm also satisfied with all of this dashboard like this.

Speaker D: Yeah, it's awesome.

Speaker C: We'll be able to trend this whether it's daily, weekly, monthly. And so thank you show show home for reformatting this or showing this. So is this also something we can share moving forward? I see that it's a Google Doc because we'll want it live and, and this will be probably what we come to on our bi weekly meetings and stuff or. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: I have already shared the link. So anyone who has that.

Speaker C: I have the link. Yeah, yeah. I'll, I'll make sure Susie and Brittany have it as well so that it's a live. It's a live Google Doc. Okay. And so today is. What day is it? The 20th. Whatever freaking day of the week it is. So are you able show home by tomorrow to just send us over the next three months those metrics like your forecast ad spend tacos on basically starting. Because you're saying I just want to start at 10% and stay at 10% for a while.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, 10% of the revenue. Okay. So let's get started at 3,000 then we'll of course have discussions and if need any budget adjustment will of course have that. And by the way, I'll start this on the. Sorry.

Speaker C: How does this dashboard look? Is it, is there a separate one for Canada and the U.S. does this one pivot across the two markets?

Speaker B: Yes, I mean I will create another one for the U.S. okay.

Speaker C: And you'll also show us both Canada and us.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: And I was going to say that we're going to launch the ads on Monday, not on Saturday.

Speaker C: Okay. Yeah. But just so you know that Brittany too to. So that open sale knows when someone's in there doing that and stuff. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay.

Speaker C: Well that's great. I feel that that was purposeful in aligning on the scorecard and thank you Susie for bringing that forward about forecasting it out. That's awesome. So I guess, you know, so let's start show home. We'll maybe have a weekly touch point. You'll get into it next week. So maybe end of next week we can have a short touch point point as well. But unless you send this forecast and we have questions and we might need to jump on a call or something but we'll let you know about that. So if you could send that tomorrow, we'll have a touch point late next week after you've taken control. Britney's tracking the images forward and, and then again our, our next touch point we're going to have to hash on the discontinuing of those asins just so that you're very clear on the timing. We have more time because they're fulfilled by Amazon. So they're working. We basically are just going to work them down to zero.

Speaker D: So.

Speaker C: But just so that you have an understanding of where that's going.

Speaker D: Are you in the box? Alicia, are you switching the double box? Is that an active project or. That's.

Speaker C: So you mean the snacks to go box? Yeah, yeah. So we want to move it, Suzy, from one unit to six because we have a six pack that we already build for other customers. So it streamlines a lot operationally for us. So we've spoken already with Shohom and Anubhav on how that would need to work. Annabh just left today. He's off on his way to India. So we are going to have an early touch point in March because show home. I want to have another touch point on that because we had to look on how the boms. We have to create a new item internally and map it into the asin so there's, there's risk in management there. So I just want to make sure the plan is very, very.

Speaker D: So that's the project though, to not double box it, to leave it in bags and not double box it.

Speaker C: Right, Correct.

Speaker D: So what's the six thing? I missed that.

Speaker C: What's that? The size of the pack. So right now, because we sell in the unit.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: So the unit is in a box. So they're taking the box. Yeah, we want to, we want to make it a six pack. So it streams lines with three other customers that we pack the snacks to go for. We already operationally have an item set up that is six of the snacks to go bags inside. So we want to change it to that already set up item and then Amazon will pick out of that box.

Speaker D: Okay, just so you know, just, I'll just share this, but for my little hot chocolate cacao, we're going to a 30 pound

Speaker C: box. Yeah. And we did talk about that, Susie. But again, that operationally and manufacturing, we want to use an already existing item.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: But yeah, we did talk about like we could frill a freaking gaylord like and, and, and go like do a whole pallet count. But again, just. It's set without means. You have to set up a whole new item. Okay, there's this. Yeah, it's kind of like if we just inventory. Take an inventory that's already built. It just streamlines a lot. Yeah.

Speaker D: So. So Han, does that make sense? So now Amazon's gonna get a cardboard box with six pouches inside instead of in the. Right now it was individual cardboard that I saw. Right.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker D: So that's a major win. As Amazon gets bigger though, if there are significant savings with having, you know, £30 instead of six, then once there's, if there's a lot of volume and therefore A lot of savings that can be a project for the future. But learn now whether you know you're going to save cardboard and labor already.

Speaker C: Yeah. And then because the other thing because. Well, this is actually good that we're starting with the snacks to go and optimizing this because the other thing we'll talk about on our next call is. Okay, so the for sure discontinued ASINs and what's happening there so that you have timing and know. And the second is the new item, the new launch item, which is the new variety pack, which my assumption is page setup imagery will all be very same. But I'd love to just understand more like even like a simple question is like will it be its own page or will it be an iteration of the snacks to go item? Right. Like just strategically kind of hash out how will setup occur that item. We have the. Or the packaging into print. So likely ready to ship by mid April. I'm being probably conservative. Likely ready to ship to Amazon in April.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker D: Where do you print again? You're local or you're overseas.

Speaker C: So we're local. We have two. We have a digital print and then like more press. So we always start new items digital especially because it's only going on econ. So we use epac. They have a. They have Ontario and bc. So it is local and lead times are really fast for things like this. But then we just moved our higher volume packaging out. Out of country actually to a company called Jackson.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: So longer lead times but like literally 60 cost savings. I gotta run.

Speaker A: I gotta run.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay, bye. Okay, bye. Hey, so show home and Brittany, we'll connect. I'll watch for that for you tomorrow. Show home.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: And we'll connect again sometime next week. Thank you so much.

Speaker B: Sounds good. Thank you. Okay, bye now.

