Transcript for: Recording__12 (3).mp4
Title: Recording #123
============================================================

Go ahead. Yeah, just do customer service. Deal with, like, all the customers inquiries if they have issues with their orders or if something's just not right. Okay, great. And then there's Alexis. She is handling our order desk. So if you want to introduce yourself as well, say what you get up to during the day. I handle all of our orders that need to get out. I'm in. I have to check inventory to see if we have stock, and if we don't, then I'm emailing to see when things will be back in stock so I can give our buyers an update. And I am handling the Costco inventory as of right now. Okay, Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too. And then Valerie just kind of want to give, I guess, a better idea of what you'll be handling than what I said, just so they understand. So right now I'm working with Soham and he. He's handling the Amazon part. Right. So before that, like, until now, I was working with him. Like, I was also handling the Amazon with him. But from now on, I will also handle the inventory part, like online inventory, especially on Amazon, Shopify, Costco, and what. What else? I believe those are the main ones. Yeah. Yeah. So that's all I know. So. Yes. Okay. So we'll just go through then how we currently do the inventory. So I guess I don't. We kind of. And I. I don't know how you'll want to tackle this. We look at all of them at the same time. Because in Canada, all the inventory for Shopify, Amazon, and Costco is through our Ottawa warehouse. So we just find it easier to do all the same time. We'll say how much there is, and then the three of us adjust. So for you, I don't know if it's easier for you do one at a time or if you'll also kind of do all three at the same time and just, like, see what inventory we have and then divide it amongst the three. I. We probably have to ask Jelka if there was, like, an exact split that she wanted if the products on Amazon. I believe we were trying to do 50 to Amazon, 25 to Costco, and then 25 to Shopify. But I know that varies based on if Shelka says there's a promotion going on or if we're super low in something, we might just allocate. Allocate more to Costco because they're the most, like, because they'll ask us if we're low in inventory. Whereas, like, for us, Amazon, that's up to US and same with Shopify, there's no one asking why we're low, but Costco will ask why we're low in inventory. So I don't know exactly how Shelka wants to handle that aspect of it, but basically what we do is we just look at what we. What we have and then we allocate it to where we think needs it and where it might be selling the best as well, we take into account. But it's something you'll get a feel for, I suppose, the more you do it. But yeah, we might have to do a call maybe with Zelka, and see how she wants it divided. But I guess for now we'll just show you, like, how to actually go in and do it. Okay. For Costco, all I know that she told us that I have to check it twice a week. Like three times a week. Yes. So, yeah, so Costco gets updated three times a week. There's a form you have to upload in Excel and then Amazon and Shopify. I think we just check once, but you might be able to check more frequently if. And if you're handling inventory, like if you're in the warehouses daily, then you might even just know, like if, let's say on Monday we went out of stock or something. You could update it as you saw it too. Right. We just specifically got together and look at it. Usually Wednesday, Thursday or Friday, but just before the weekend. Okay. Yes. Kind of open. I don't know exactly how you want to handle it going forward. Kind of feel free to adjust as you see fit. Main thing is that we're just aware of out of stocks and that ideally we're just not going out of stock. So, like, you'll see today we'll go through and anything we notice we're going low on, we email Sean about. I don't know that it'll be. Sean going forward, I think. Sorry, is that changing? Yeah, I think Patricia was mentioning that Sean's moving to like a different department, kind of, and that Steve is handling operations. Okay. But I don't know when that's happening. So for now, I would say. Yeah, I'd keep emailing Sean, but yeah, I think we're kind of transitioning there, but for now. Yeah. Sean, you can CC if you want, but. Okay. So I guess we can question. Yeah. So is it the same for US as well, or is for. Only for Canada? Us you'll adjust everything the same. Like it's the same on Amazon to do U.S. and Canada. It's the same sheet. Well, different sheets for Costco, but like the same process. And then with Shopify I believe it's the same idea as well changing the quantities. It's just that in the US we're looking at a different warehouse. Okay. So in Canada, Shopify, Amazon and Costco all pull from Ottawa. In the U.S. amazon and Shopify pull from Green Rabbit and Costco pulls from pss. Okay, sounds good. So that's really the only difference. I guess we can kind of high level just show you how we make changes. So I'll show you, I'll share my screen. I guess we can just kind of take turns for now just so you can see what we're doing because obviously we can only share one screen at once. I think I know high tech enough. I don't know. I think you can only share one screen at once, but I think it'll boot me out if you try. Do you want me to try? Yeah, sure, go for it. Okay, let's see. Did it? Yep. Okay. Okay. So yeah, I guess I'll just show you like what I'm doing on Amazon and then we can show you Shopify and Costco and then we'll just go through and adjust the inventory. So this is Ottawa, I already pulled the report but basically you just go to reports stock status which is this page and then you'll click well next life sciences detailed you'll have to change this to default and then click Run report and it will pull up this report with everything. So really all you need to look at is the sku. If you need the expiration date, it's listed in the description columns. They're sorted by expiration date and then available is what you're looking at. Allocated means it's being used for an order, but it just hasn't shipped yet. Quarantined on hold usually means it's in receiving but you'll always want to look at available for when you're actually adjusting inventory. And then in Amazon it's pretty easy. So you're just going to go to manage all inventory, just make sure you're in the right page, I guess. So there's no sugar Canada. And then us what we check it for and then I'm sure you're kind of familiar with Amazon but you're just gonna type it in here, whatever quantity there is and then it'll ask you to save. It won't say edit, it'll say save. So that's all it is for Amazon, it's super straightforward. If it's like this, then it's fba yeah, because you can't adjust that. If you need to change it to fba. Do you know how to do that? Yeah, I'm very familiar. Okay, perfect. So Amazon's super straightforward. So, yeah, we'll just go through each item, and then based on what we need to change it to, we will literally just adjust it in here. So maybe, Alexis, do you want to go through Costco then to share your screen and show, like, roughly how you do it? Okay, so this is again, this is. I'm exporting the file into an Excel and then I just delete all the rows that I don't need. So I usually keep SKU and available. Then I have the Costco report. So there are two separate ones. There's this one for, like, the no sugar stuff, and then there's a joy burst, one certain SKUs. Let me grab them. It used to be that we were dividing all the SKUs, or multiplying each thing at Ottawa. So I'll give you, like, an example. You would take, like. Let's say you take the sku, you would just copy it, you put it into the Ottawa Excel, you'd search it, and then we would just do equal. Take the available column with the star sign, dividing or multiplying that by 0.25, and then dividing that by 2. Some of the SKUs. Now we've decided that we're doing them differently. So I have a list of the SKUs that we're doing by 0.05 instead now. So I can also send that to you. Okay. But this is how you're basically getting the inventory for Costco and then for Joy Burst, for Costco Canada, This one, we are only selling the variety pack. We are not. Costco hasn't been buying any of the other ones. Okay, so for the variety pack, you're just dividing. You're taking the first SKU and then you're entering it, equaling. So this one's done a bit differently. You're taking what's in the available column, multiplying it. For Ontario, you point, you put 0.75, and then for Quebec, you point 0.25. So this has been. This is because we don't sell this item on our Shopify doesn't have Joy Burst in Canada, and then Amazon, it's all fba. So Costco's getting all of the inventory. Costco has, like, they have their Ontario inventory and then their Quebec inventory, but for us, it pulls from the same inventory, which is why we're just doing 75 of it. You can upload under Ontario and then 25 under Quebec. It really doesn't matter. It's just in their system, it's two different. Because I think Quebec has some, like, extra law or something. But our packaging, I guess, is fine for both. So we just divide it. Okay. Roughly. It's not even Ontario versus Quebec. I think it's like the rest of Canada versus Quebec or something. I don't even know. I don't know. I was told it was Ontario versus Quebec. Totally. Yeah, it actually might be. So then I think just because we sell more technically of the Ontario skew than Quebec. So Patricia just said to do 75 and 25, but. Yeah. So is it the two White House, like Ontario and Quebec? No. So there's not. It all pulls from Ottawa. Okay. It's more so like where the person's buying from. Like, if they're buying from Ontario or Quebec, then they pull from like that respective inventory in Costco's website, which comes to us like that way. So, like, it's just we have to upload inventory to both Ontario and Quebec. It's in the sheet. But otherwise, I think if we don't. If we put zero quantity for Quebec, it won't be sold to anyone who's living in Quebec. Okay. What about the other province, like B.C. or Alberta? Those. Those areas. Honestly, I. I really don't know. This is just what I was told, that we have to upload 75 to Ontario, 25 to Quebec. I really don't know why or what like the inner working is. But if we have it in stock, just do 75 to Ontario, 25 to Quebec. As simple as that. Okay. And then, Alexis, if you show the sheet again, you can see. Yeah. So there's which one you want? This one or the joy. The joyous one. Yeah. So the. If you look on the. Just like the blue column, how the bottom all say QC to them and the top, I'll say nothing. Okay. So the top's Ontario, the bottom ones are the Quebec. Got it. Okay. Yeah. And then Costco is two packs for most items. I think that's mentioned on the sheet though, right, Alexis? The xl. Yep. It depends on the skew. Okay. So you just have to look at the sku. I know. For like, this is the only one that you'd be doing differently. This very last one. All the other ones, when you get, take the available and multiply it by whatever 0.25 or 0.50 and divide it by two. This one you'd be dividing by six because these are packs of six instead of packs of two. Okay. Yeah. I think everything else is a pack of two, except for I think the Coffin Cold Fighter, the top one, I think that's a three pack. But we have tons of inventory on that anyways. But yeah, this one inventory doesn't change as often as the rest does. And the second one, we are now can't. Keeping out of stock as it expires in September. Patricia just sent an email for it. Okay. So she said to market out of stock, which it hasn't even been coming up on the inventory. So. Yeah, because it's all on hold under Ottawa. Okay. That's why it's been moved to quarantine on hold. So. Okay. So, yeah, that's pretty much how we do Costco. It might be easier if you sit down with Alexis maybe when she uploads it either Monday, Wednesday or Friday and just do it together one of those times. Because the group one is just kind of us like making sure we're roughly on the same page with how much everyone gets. But then Alexis does still upload it three times a week or else we get emails from Costco asking us to upload it. So, yeah, maybe if you do want to arrange that, it might be a bit easier. So you can see, because it's the only one where you're not really like, just plugging in numbers. Like Shopify is super similar to Amazon, but Costco, we just use that Excel. And then you can like show her where to upload it in Commerce Hub as well, which I just gave you the login for that. So you should be able to get into Commerce Hub because once you fill that Excel, you have to upload it. Okay, so maybe if you guys want to arrange that one day this week or early next week and then do that together, that might be a bit easier to kind of visualize it and understand, like the full process of doing the Excel and then uploading it. Because, yeah, this is more just like I get on the same page inventory check. Sometimes we do it on Thursdays and I. Alexis, I don't even think you upload inventory for Costco on Thursday. So, no, I don't. So, yeah, so it's more just like a morning. I try to do that the first thing in the morning. That way it's already done for them because sometimes they'll send an email and be like, it hasn't been updated. But yeah, yeah, mainly this is just for us to all kind of see where we're at with the inventory. But Michelle, if you Just wanted to quickly show Shopify then. Yeah, of course. Thank you. Can you see the screen? Yes. Perfect. So I actually just learned this last week, too. So they just give me the skewer, I say the name kind of thing. So this is the Canadian website. Then we click. Let's say we'll do the birthday cake and then we'll scroll down and then I guess we read each other the SKU to make sure it's the right product. And then here's what's available. And then I guess somebody just lets me know how much they allocate to the Shopify store. It's very simple. Okay. Are you familiar with Shopify? Yes, Valerie? Yeah. Okay, perfect. Yeah, it's also super straightforward. So, yeah, that's, I guess, how you change all the inventory. So then we can just kind of get started here going through it, and then you'll just get a feel, I guess, for how we kind of divide it. There's really not a specific way that we do it, especially considering some items aren't sold on Amazon, some aren't sold on Shopify, some aren't on Costco. So it's. Yeah, it's tough. It's. To talk to Jelka, see how she wants to do it going forward. Maybe like, if she lets you know if there's any promotions going on during the week or what. Just. Just so you know roughly, like how much you should be allocating where. But yeah, we can kind of just get started here. So, yeah, we usually use Shopify as a base. I think Shopify has pretty much all the items listed. Do you want to start with Canada or do you want to do the US First? Let's do Canada. I think we're all in Canada right now. Okay, So we'll start off with the no Sugar Brownies, the four piece. The SKU is a 579 and I have 45. Ottawa has 46. A 5, 7 9. We don't sell that on Amazon or Shopify. So you can. Or Sorry. Or Costco, so you can take it. So just keep it as is. Yeah, it's fine. Okay, So we'll do the no sugar keto bar birthday cake. The skew is a three five three and I have 34. There's 60 on Ottawa and I have 16 for cost. Okay, so usually we'll just do the math then. So it's 16 two pack. So Alexis is using 32. How much was that, Ottawa again? 60 and 60 minus 32 leaves 28 for Shopify on Amazon. Currently we are switching. I Think shell cat to ice packs or something. So we're leaving some of the items as out of stock right now. So we don't have this one in stock currently. So we're just not selling on Amazon right now. I think we're switching. We're waiting for Ottawa to receive ice packs and then we're going to switch over this week or next week. I think. The next one, the keto bar, chocolate chip cookie dough. Actually, hold on. This one's a renew, so don't do that one. Now we're going to do the same one, but I was just in the wrong. All of them say auto renew. Hold on. Yeah, so we don't adjust auto renew. Perfect. I found it. So the chocolate chip cookie dough, this SKU is B7.30 and I have three. We have 25 at Ottawa and I have seven for Costco. Okay, so 25 minus 14. That leaves 11 for Shopify. That's fine. I'm just going to see this one. I would put on the email then for Sean that we need more inventory of. That's pretty low. Hopefully he'll just say it's already on the way. But. The next one is the. Are we. Do we still have the coconut bar? No, right? I don't think so. Chocolate coconut? Yeah, yeah, the chocolate coconut. We only have one. Okay, so. So do I. So I guess we'll skip that one. So the chocolate coffee crunch bar, we have 23 at Ottawa and I have 23 as well. Yeah. And I don't think Costco has this because I don't see it on here. I don't need it for Amazon. So we're good. Yeah, you can take all of it. So the keto bar, chocolate fudge brownie, that one's auto renew. Yeah, I don't know why we don't adjust auto renew, but we don't. I don't know if it's like linked to the main listing or what, but do you need the skew for this? It's a 094 and I have 41. For which one? For the chocolate fudge brownie keto bar. So we have 71 at Ottawa and I have 19 for Costco. Sorry, I don't need any for Amazon. So you guys can divide that how you want. I would roughly just go 50. 50. I was gonna say that. So you want to take 35 and I'll take 34. Oh, So we'll do the mint bar. The skew is a 087 and I have 19. 087. We have 53 Ottawa. Okay. I don't need any. So that one, Costco doesn't take that one either. Mid bars. Are you sure? No, they take the five, six, eight. One. That's cups. The bar. They should take it mint. Oh, no, it's here. I lied. 14. I'm looking at the wrong skew. I have 14 for Costco. You just put it down the middle. So then you want to take 26 and I'll take 25. Okay, perfect. So we'll do the chocolate peanut butter bar. The SKU is a 2, 8 0, and I have 14. A2, 8 0. There's 224Ottaw and I have 60 for Costco. I have 52. Two packs. That seems a bit aggressive. Okay, I'm using 50 units. You're using 50? Yeah. So 224, then there's. With the 60 I have, there's 114 left. Okay, so you can take those four Shopify then. 160 or 60. 14, 14. Yeah. How about the cinnamon bun? Is that one still have inventory or no, because I only have seven. Is it ending in a 401? Good. Check for you. It is. Yeah. 4, 01, we have 17. Ottawa. Do you have any for Costco? No, I think that's one of the ones. Tara said they stopped ordering, so we took it off. You can take all of it for Shopify. How much do you have? 17. So the cookies and cream bar ending in a 360. I have 11. We have 45 at Ottawa and I have 11 for Costco. So you do 23 for Shopify. Then. The lemon meringue bar. The SKU is a 964. I have 11. Not getting this on this thing today. I think we're out of stock. It's not even coming up. Okay. The dark chocolate fudge Brownie Keto bombs. Skew.0384, I have 59.0384, I have 153 at Ottawa. 3, 8, 4 and 39 for Costco. Okay. I have 50 units for Amazon. You have 50? Yeah. 153. Minus 50, and then I had minus 39. You can take 64 for Shopify if you want. Okay, So we'll do the dark chocolate mint bomb. I have 90. The skew is. A568 and I have 90. We have 151 at Ottawa and Costco has 40. I have 50. So we're over. Do 50 each. Okay. Then we can do the dark chocolate peanut butter bomb. The SKU is 0377. I have 43 0377. Ottawa has 218 and I have 57.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Go ahead.

Speaker B: Yeah, just do customer service. Deal with, like, all the customers inquiries if they have issues with their orders or if something's just not right.

Speaker C: Okay, great.

Speaker A: And then there's Alexis. She is handling our order desk. So if you want to introduce yourself as well, say what you get up to during the day.

Speaker D: I handle all of our orders that need to get out. I'm in. I have to check inventory to see if we have stock, and if we don't, then I'm emailing to see when things will be back in stock so I can give our buyers an update. And I am handling the Costco inventory as of right now.

Speaker C: Okay, Nice to meet you.

Speaker D: Nice to meet you too.

Speaker A: And then Valerie just kind of want to give, I guess, a better idea of what you'll be handling than what I said, just so they understand.

Speaker C: So right now I'm working with Soham and he. He's handling the Amazon part. Right. So before that, like, until now, I was working with him. Like, I was also handling the Amazon with him. But from now on, I will also handle the inventory part, like online inventory, especially on Amazon, Shopify, Costco, and what. What else?

Speaker A: I believe those are the main ones. Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah. So that's all I know. So. Yes. Okay.

Speaker A: So we'll just go through then how we currently do the inventory. So I guess I don't. We kind of. And I. I don't know how you'll want to tackle this. We look at all of them at the same time. Because in Canada, all the inventory for Shopify, Amazon, and Costco is through our Ottawa warehouse. So we just find it easier to do all the same time. We'll say how much there is, and then the three of us adjust. So for you, I don't know if it's easier for you do one at a time or if you'll also kind of do all three at the same time and just, like, see what inventory we have and then divide it amongst the three. I. We probably have to ask Jelka if there was, like, an exact split that she wanted if the products on Amazon. I believe we were trying to do 50 to Amazon, 25 to Costco, and then 25 to Shopify. But I know that varies based on if Shelka says there's a promotion going on or if we're super low in something, we might just allocate. Allocate more to Costco because they're the most, like, because they'll ask us if we're low in inventory. Whereas, like, for us, Amazon, that's up to US and same with Shopify, there's no one asking why we're low, but Costco will ask why we're low in inventory. So I don't know exactly how Shelka wants to handle that aspect of it, but basically what we do is we just look at what we. What we have and then we allocate it to where we think needs it and where it might be selling the best as well, we take into account. But it's something you'll get a feel for, I suppose, the more you do it. But yeah, we might have to do a call maybe with Zelka, and see how she wants it divided. But I guess for now we'll just show you, like, how to actually go in and do it.

Speaker C: Okay. For Costco, all I know that she told us that I have to check it twice a week. Like three times a week.

Speaker A: Yes. So, yeah, so Costco gets updated three times a week. There's a form you have to upload in Excel and then Amazon and Shopify. I think we just check once, but you might be able to check more frequently if. And if you're handling inventory, like if you're in the warehouses daily, then you might even just know, like if, let's say on Monday we went out of stock or something. You could update it as you saw it too. Right. We just specifically got together and look at it. Usually Wednesday, Thursday or Friday, but just before the weekend.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Yes. Kind of open. I don't know exactly how you want to handle it going forward. Kind of feel free to adjust as you see fit. Main thing is that we're just aware of out of stocks and that ideally we're just not going out of stock. So, like, you'll see today we'll go through and anything we notice we're going low on, we email Sean about. I don't know that it'll be. Sean going forward, I think. Sorry, is that changing? Yeah, I think Patricia was mentioning that Sean's moving to like a different department, kind of, and that Steve is handling operations.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: But I don't know when that's happening. So for now, I would say. Yeah, I'd keep emailing Sean, but yeah, I think we're kind of transitioning there, but for now. Yeah. Sean, you can CC if you want, but. Okay. So I guess we can question. Yeah.

Speaker C: So is it the same for US as well, or is for. Only for Canada?

Speaker A: Us you'll adjust everything the same. Like it's the same on Amazon to do U.S. and Canada. It's the same sheet. Well, different sheets for Costco, but like the same process. And then with Shopify I believe it's the same idea as well changing the quantities. It's just that in the US we're looking at a different warehouse.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: So in Canada, Shopify, Amazon and Costco all pull from Ottawa. In the U.S. amazon and Shopify pull from Green Rabbit and Costco pulls from pss.

Speaker C: Okay, sounds good.

Speaker A: So that's really the only difference. I guess we can kind of high level just show you how we make changes. So I'll show you, I'll share my screen. I guess we can just kind of take turns for now just so you can see what we're doing because obviously we can only share one screen at once. I think I know high tech enough. I don't know. I think you can only share one screen at once, but I think it'll boot me out if you try.

Speaker D: Do you want me to try?

Speaker A: Yeah, sure, go for it.

Speaker D: Okay, let's see. Did it?

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. So yeah, I guess I'll just show you like what I'm doing on Amazon and then we can show you Shopify and Costco and then we'll just go through and adjust the inventory. So this is Ottawa, I already pulled the report but basically you just go to reports stock status which is this page and then you'll click well next life sciences detailed you'll have to change this to default and then click Run report and it will pull up this report with everything. So really all you need to look at is the sku. If you need the expiration date, it's listed in the description columns. They're sorted by expiration date and then available is what you're looking at. Allocated means it's being used for an order, but it just hasn't shipped yet. Quarantined on hold usually means it's in receiving but you'll always want to look at available for when you're actually adjusting inventory. And then in Amazon it's pretty easy. So you're just going to go to manage all inventory, just make sure you're in the right page, I guess. So there's no sugar Canada. And then us what we check it for and then I'm sure you're kind of familiar with Amazon but you're just gonna type it in here, whatever quantity there is and then it'll ask you to save. It won't say edit, it'll say save. So that's all it is for Amazon, it's super straightforward. If it's like this, then it's fba yeah, because you can't adjust that. If you need to change it to fba. Do you know how to do that?

Speaker C: Yeah, I'm very familiar.

Speaker A: Okay, perfect. So Amazon's super straightforward. So, yeah, we'll just go through each item, and then based on what we need to change it to, we will literally just adjust it in here. So maybe, Alexis, do you want to go through Costco then to share your screen and show, like, roughly how you do it?

Speaker D: Okay, so this is again, this is. I'm exporting the file into an Excel and then I just delete all the rows that I don't need. So I usually keep SKU and available. Then I have the Costco report. So there are two separate ones. There's this one for, like, the no sugar stuff, and then there's a joy burst, one certain SKUs. Let me grab them. It used to be that we were dividing all the SKUs, or multiplying each thing at Ottawa. So I'll give you, like, an example. You would take, like. Let's say you take the sku, you would just copy it, you put it into the Ottawa Excel, you'd search it, and then we would just do equal. Take the available column with the star sign, dividing or multiplying that by 0.25, and then dividing that by 2. Some of the SKUs. Now we've decided that we're doing them differently. So I have a list of the SKUs that we're doing by 0.05 instead now. So I can also send that to you.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker D: But this is how you're basically getting the inventory for Costco and then for Joy Burst, for Costco Canada, This one, we are only selling the variety pack. We are not. Costco hasn't been buying any of the other ones. Okay, so for the variety pack, you're just dividing. You're taking the first SKU and then you're entering it, equaling. So this one's done a bit differently. You're taking what's in the available column, multiplying it. For Ontario, you point, you put 0.75, and then for Quebec, you point 0.25.

Speaker A: So this has been. This is because we don't sell this item on our Shopify doesn't have Joy Burst in Canada, and then Amazon, it's all fba. So Costco's getting all of the inventory. Costco has, like, they have their Ontario inventory and then their Quebec inventory, but for us, it pulls from the same inventory, which is why we're just doing 75 of it. You can upload under Ontario and then 25 under Quebec. It really doesn't matter. It's just in their system, it's two different. Because I think Quebec has some, like, extra law or something. But our packaging, I guess, is fine for both. So we just divide it.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Roughly. It's not even Ontario versus Quebec. I think it's like the rest of Canada versus Quebec or something. I don't even know.

Speaker D: I don't know. I was told it was Ontario versus Quebec.

Speaker A: Totally. Yeah, it actually might be. So then I think just because we sell more technically of the Ontario skew than Quebec. So Patricia just said to do 75 and 25, but.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: So is it the two White House, like Ontario and Quebec?

Speaker A: No. So there's not. It all pulls from Ottawa.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: It's more so like where the person's buying from. Like, if they're buying from Ontario or Quebec, then they pull from like that respective inventory in Costco's website, which comes to us like that way. So, like, it's just we have to upload inventory to both Ontario and Quebec. It's in the sheet. But otherwise, I think if we don't. If we put zero quantity for Quebec, it won't be sold to anyone who's living in Quebec.

Speaker C: Okay. What about the other province, like B.C. or Alberta? Those. Those areas.

Speaker A: Honestly, I. I really don't know. This is just what I was told, that we have to upload 75 to Ontario, 25 to Quebec. I really don't know why or what like the inner working is. But if we have it in stock, just do 75 to Ontario, 25 to Quebec.

Speaker C: As simple as that. Okay.

Speaker A: And then, Alexis, if you show the sheet again, you can see.

Speaker D: Yeah. So there's which one you want?

Speaker A: This one or the joy. The joyous one. Yeah. So the. If you look on the. Just like the blue column, how the bottom all say QC to them and the top, I'll say nothing.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: So the top's Ontario, the bottom ones are the Quebec.

Speaker C: Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then Costco is two packs for most items. I think that's mentioned on the sheet though, right, Alexis? The xl.

Speaker D: Yep. It depends on the skew.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker D: So you just have to look at the sku. I know. For like, this is the only one that you'd be doing differently. This very last one. All the other ones, when you get, take the available and multiply it by whatever 0.25 or 0.50 and divide it by two. This one you'd be dividing by six because these are packs of six instead of packs of two.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: I think everything else is a pack of two, except for I think the Coffin Cold Fighter, the top one, I think that's a three pack. But we have tons of inventory on that anyways.

Speaker D: But yeah, this one inventory doesn't change as often as the rest does. And the second one, we are now can't. Keeping out of stock as it expires in September. Patricia just sent an email for it.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker D: So she said to market out of stock, which it hasn't even been coming up on the inventory.

Speaker A: So. Yeah, because it's all on hold under Ottawa.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: That's why it's been moved to quarantine on hold. So. Okay. So, yeah, that's pretty much how we do Costco. It might be easier if you sit down with Alexis maybe when she uploads it either Monday, Wednesday or Friday and just do it together one of those times. Because the group one is just kind of us like making sure we're roughly on the same page with how much everyone gets. But then Alexis does still upload it three times a week or else we get emails from Costco asking us to upload it. So, yeah, maybe if you do want to arrange that, it might be a bit easier. So you can see, because it's the only one where you're not really like, just plugging in numbers. Like Shopify is super similar to Amazon, but Costco, we just use that Excel. And then you can like show her where to upload it in Commerce Hub as well, which I just gave you the login for that. So you should be able to get into Commerce Hub because once you fill that Excel, you have to upload it. Okay, so maybe if you guys want to arrange that one day this week or early next week and then do that together, that might be a bit easier to kind of visualize it and understand, like the full process of doing the Excel and then uploading it. Because, yeah, this is more just like I get on the same page inventory check. Sometimes we do it on Thursdays and I. Alexis, I don't even think you upload inventory for Costco on Thursday.

Speaker D: So, no, I don't.

Speaker A: So, yeah, so it's more just like a morning.

Speaker D: I try to do that the first thing in the morning. That way it's already done for them because sometimes they'll send an email and be like, it hasn't been updated.

Speaker A: But yeah, yeah, mainly this is just for us to all kind of see where we're at with the inventory. But Michelle, if you Just wanted to quickly show Shopify then.

Speaker B: Yeah, of course.

Speaker A: Thank you.

Speaker B: Can you see the screen?

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker B: Perfect. So I actually just learned this last week, too. So they just give me the skewer, I say the name kind of thing. So this is the Canadian website. Then we click. Let's say we'll do the birthday cake and then we'll scroll down and then I guess we read each other the SKU to make sure it's the right product. And then here's what's available. And then I guess somebody just lets me know how much they allocate to the Shopify store. It's very simple.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Are you familiar with Shopify?

Speaker C: Yes, Valerie? Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, perfect. Yeah, it's also super straightforward. So, yeah, that's, I guess, how you change all the inventory. So then we can just kind of get started here going through it, and then you'll just get a feel, I guess, for how we kind of divide it. There's really not a specific way that we do it, especially considering some items aren't sold on Amazon, some aren't sold on Shopify, some aren't on Costco. So it's. Yeah, it's tough.

Speaker B: It's.

Speaker A: To talk to Jelka, see how she wants to do it going forward. Maybe like, if she lets you know if there's any promotions going on during the week or what. Just. Just so you know roughly, like how much you should be allocating where. But yeah, we can kind of just get started here. So, yeah, we usually use Shopify as a base. I think Shopify has pretty much all the items listed.

Speaker B: Do you want to start with Canada or do you want to do the US First?

Speaker A: Let's do Canada. I think we're all in Canada right now.

Speaker B: Okay, So we'll start off with the no Sugar Brownies, the four piece. The SKU is a 579 and I have 45.

Speaker D: Ottawa has 46. A 5, 7 9.

Speaker A: We don't sell that on Amazon or Shopify. So you can. Or Sorry. Or Costco, so you can take it.

Speaker B: So just keep it as is.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's fine.

Speaker B: Okay, So we'll do the no sugar keto bar birthday cake. The skew is a three five three and I have 34.

Speaker D: There's 60 on Ottawa and I have 16 for cost.

Speaker A: Okay, so usually we'll just do the math then. So it's 16 two pack. So Alexis is using 32. How much was that, Ottawa again? 60 and 60 minus 32 leaves 28 for Shopify on Amazon. Currently we are switching. I Think shell cat to ice packs or something. So we're leaving some of the items as out of stock right now. So we don't have this one in stock currently. So we're just not selling on Amazon right now. I think we're switching. We're waiting for Ottawa to receive ice packs and then we're going to switch over this week or next week. I think.

Speaker B: The next one, the keto bar, chocolate chip cookie dough. Actually, hold on. This one's a renew, so don't do that one. Now we're going to do the same one, but I was just in the wrong. All of them say auto renew. Hold on.

Speaker A: Yeah, so we don't adjust auto renew.

Speaker B: Perfect. I found it. So the chocolate chip cookie dough, this SKU is B7.30 and I have three.

Speaker D: We have 25 at Ottawa and I have seven for Costco.

Speaker A: Okay, so 25 minus 14. That leaves 11 for Shopify. That's fine. I'm just going to see this one. I would put on the email then for Sean that we need more inventory of. That's pretty low. Hopefully he'll just say it's already on the way. But.

Speaker B: The next one is the. Are we. Do we still have the coconut bar? No, right?

Speaker A: I don't think so.

Speaker D: Chocolate coconut?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, the chocolate coconut.

Speaker D: We only have one.

Speaker B: Okay, so. So do I. So I guess we'll skip that one. So the chocolate coffee crunch bar, we

Speaker D: have 23 at Ottawa and I have

Speaker B: 23 as well.

Speaker D: Yeah. And I don't think Costco has this because I don't see it on here.

Speaker A: I don't need it for Amazon. So we're good.

Speaker D: Yeah, you can take all of it.

Speaker B: So the keto bar, chocolate fudge brownie,

Speaker A: that one's auto renew. Yeah, I don't know why we don't adjust auto renew, but we don't. I don't know if it's like linked to the main listing or what, but

Speaker B: do you need the skew for this? It's a 094 and I have 41.

Speaker D: For which one?

Speaker B: For the chocolate fudge brownie keto bar.

Speaker D: So we have 71 at Ottawa and I have 19 for Costco.

Speaker A: Sorry, I don't need any for Amazon. So you guys can divide that how you want. I would roughly just go 50. 50.

Speaker D: I was gonna say that. So you want to take 35 and I'll take 34.

Speaker A: Oh,

Speaker B: So we'll do the mint bar. The skew is a 087 and I have 19.

Speaker D: 087. We have 53 Ottawa.

Speaker A: Okay. I don't need any.

Speaker D: So that one, Costco doesn't take that one either.

Speaker A: Mid bars. Are you sure?

Speaker D: No, they take the five, six, eight. One.

Speaker A: That's cups.

Speaker D: The bar.

Speaker A: They should take it

Speaker D: mint. Oh, no, it's here. I lied. 14. I'm looking at the wrong skew. I have 14 for Costco.

Speaker A: You just put it down the middle.

Speaker D: So then you want to take 26 and I'll take 25.

Speaker B: Okay, perfect. So we'll do the chocolate peanut butter bar. The SKU is a 2, 8 0, and I have 14.

Speaker D: A2, 8 0. There's 224Ottaw and I have 60 for Costco.

Speaker A: I have 52. Two packs. That seems a bit aggressive. Okay, I'm using 50 units.

Speaker D: You're using 50?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker D: So 224, then there's. With the 60 I have, there's 114 left.

Speaker A: Okay, so you can take those four Shopify then.

Speaker B: 160 or 60.

Speaker D: 14, 14. Yeah.

Speaker B: How about the cinnamon bun? Is that one still have inventory or no, because I only have seven.

Speaker D: Is it ending in a 401?

Speaker A: Good.

Speaker B: Check for you.

Speaker A: It is. Yeah.

Speaker D: 4, 01, we have 17.

Speaker A: Ottawa. Do you have any for Costco?

Speaker D: No, I think that's one of the ones. Tara said they stopped ordering, so we took it off.

Speaker A: You can take all of it for Shopify.

Speaker B: How much do you have?

Speaker D: 17.

Speaker B: So the cookies and cream bar ending in a 360. I have 11.

Speaker D: We have 45 at Ottawa and I have 11 for Costco.

Speaker A: So you do 23 for Shopify. Then.

Speaker B: The lemon meringue bar. The SKU is a 964. I have 11.

Speaker D: Not getting this on this thing today. I think we're out of stock. It's not even coming up.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: The dark chocolate fudge Brownie Keto bombs. Skew.0384, I have 59.0384, I have 153 at Ottawa.

Speaker D: 3, 8, 4 and 39 for Costco.

Speaker A: Okay. I have 50 units for Amazon.

Speaker D: You have 50?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: 153. Minus 50, and then I had minus 39. You can take 64 for Shopify if you want.

Speaker B: Okay, So we'll do the dark chocolate mint bomb. I have 90. The skew is. A568 and I have 90.

Speaker D: We have 151 at Ottawa and Costco has 40.

Speaker A: I have 50. So we're over.

Speaker D: Do 50 each. Okay.

Speaker B: Then we can do the dark chocolate peanut butter bomb. The SKU is 0377. I have 43 0377.

Speaker D: Ottawa has 218 and I have 57.

