Transcript for: Recording__1086.mp4
Title: Recording #1086
============================================================

Those are. It could be primed AQ or something or shipment. Just. Yeah, so it's not getting cleared. And so where I'm getting here is in order for us to properly plan and get into the production schedule right now, we've said we need to be planning three months inventory. If these lead times keep lengthening, we need to start planning four months inventory. So that's kind of where we had seen, we had done that in the past, Alicia. And we like items like power variety pack. They were sitting in abundance. They were sitting in abundance. Even though there could be different factors. But we actually sent more than like I, I had literally worked on transit time. Like right. 20 days transit time is what I added to my safety stock buffer. Like what could be the consumption for 20 days. I added those numbers as an extra. But we got into a space where we were seeing a lot of inventories today. And then what's best case and worst case into the US because. And actually, and again, I know you have to go here. So if you just tell me, I want to know, this new variety pack, what day did we ship it? That's all I want to know. I need to check that, Alicia. Yeah, because I don't know what the shipment number is. I have to go back and check. And so if you can just a follow up to this conversation, if you can let me know that variety pack, what day did we ship it? Okay, sure, I'll do that. So do you think there is any alarming thing that we need to do here? My only question, we haven't sold fee. We just recently sent the shipment for two pack oil which is still in transit. So once that sales pick up, do you want me to send another lot or should we just wait and watch? Can you send us these grids and above? Can you email these to me and then I'm going to make comments in it? Yeah. And then just moving forward, can you send these the day before our meeting? Okay. Because then ideally what. Because what I'm doing in this meeting, which can be done before is I'm looking at our sales and looking at what your recommendations are of what you've already put in production and what's there. So then we can just move through the conversation a lot faster if I'm able to pre read. Yeah, they will do that. Okay, cool. Okay, go to your huddle. That's important. Thanks. Yeah. Okay. See you later. Thank you. Yeah, Bye. Bye. Okay. Yes. So I need to just look at, I need to get some lead times on how long these things are. Taking to ship and get the production lead times as well. Okay. So we'll fill the best we can there. Show home. I'm going to start getting some information on just the frequency of when Amazon can be put into production because I think there's some more right now. It's kind of just been an add on to our assembly and I think we, we need an ownable cadence. It needs to be a permanent part of the weekly schedule. So. Okay, sure, yeah. Or back shop again. Mostly it's again, as we rationalize the volume, it's like. Yeah, so yeah, just trying. It's two variety packs and Camelina oil. That's just what it is. Good. Because I, we have it in the forecast and everything. So I just need to find out where do I put this information so that we can continue to scale. Okay, so let's talk about, let's talk about the 15 gram snacks to go show home and sort of just your concerns there. And again I just want to make sure that this, this, the reviews, the concerns, I just want to make sure like where we. Has there been some sort of notification that's come from Amazon? Okay, and what was that? Sure. Okay, one second. Share my screen. Yeah. So first of all, if we do see, I mean the NCX rating, we have to go to performance and then account health and then click on Voice of the customer and there you get to see the NCX ratings of all the products. And you will see, I think this is based on last 30 days or I have to check what it is. But you'll see all the number of complaints that you have received. Right. And the percentage. And they also like you will also see the customer experience health here. And this is our best seller. This is, this is a fair rating right now. Everything else looks good. So why does everything else look good when the NCS X score is worse on every other item that we're selling? Probably based on the number of orders that. A number of orders. Okay, what's an order? What's an NCX order? So that those are the orders where we have received a negative complaint, basically. Complaint. Okay. And in what time frame are you here? Okay. And okay, let's take a look. It's 30 days. Okay. And you also. Okay, because yeah, I was looking at the percentage. The percentage is higher on the other items, but the orders are lower. Okay. So that has to do with how much volume we've sold. Yeah. And you can see this is basically pulling in all the data from let's say your seller feedback and then customer Reviews and also returns maybe even from the messages. So it basically pulls all those information and then that's what you get to see. There are eight complaints about product quality and damage. Item one, wrong item was sent. I don't know how that happened. It's happening fba. So if that wrong item. If wrong item was sent, then that's Amazon's responsibility. But you will also get to see all the information. Right. They're tracking all of these things. So these are all. These are the 10 orders and their reviews against this order? Yes. So you'll see. Oh, this one says that wrong item was sent. And with the order IDs, so we can look into these, the specific cases and see what. I'll be right back, you guys. Sorry, Am I good to go? So in that show home. So 10 orders, what is the time frame? This is one year to date, one month. Okay, so 30 days. In 30 days, 10 orders have given a negative complaint. Okay. And so my question here is, I'm just trying to understand how is this a personal opinion, that this is an issue or this is. Amazon has actually flagged this as an issue because again, it's only 0.97% of the total volume that we're selling. I'll tell you why I'm considering this and this make why this may cause an issue. So that's why I'm flagging it. And if you go to Account Health page, and I'm actually surprised it's not happening for us yet. That's a good thing. Yeah, but it happens a lot more frequently for others. Now, if you go to the Account Health page on, under Policy Compliance, you'll see all of these different kind of issues that Amazon may flag your products for now. Among them, you'll see one is product condition, customer complaints. So I'm afraid if we keep getting these reviews and feedbacks and all the complaints, then at one point Amazon will flag our product and suppress our product under. Under that. Does it actually give? When. What is the tolerance? Is it a percentage? Is it a number? Like, my thing is, what is the tolerance? That's difficult to specify. I would say that I don't have any specific number in mind, but I think it's already fair. But if it goes to, let's say, anything worse than this bad, let's say. And if this number and percentage goes up, there is a chance that Amazon will flag it. And it's really difficult to reinstate these days. I'll also say that. So can you go back? Can you click here? Does it Tell some sort of tolerance. Like, because I'm kind of looking for like, how do we know where that tolerance is? Like, does Amazon. If you go back under the cus. Oh, this is what you click? Yeah. Learn more. Does it say three stars? Like is not like right now it says customer experience, health is fair. What does that mean? What's the score? Is there good and then fair and bad, or is there. Probably should do some more research on this instead of just looking at it right now and see if I can find any information on the tolerance that you're asking for. Yeah, but instantly I think we can probably exclude this product from that software so it doesn't send out the review requests anymore. Because here, like when I chat GTP it before Amazon starts warning or suppressing SKUs with NCX ratings above 2.5%. Okay. That's what chat GTP sells me. So I'm just trying to understand is it an order volume? Because this is the same like in our company show home. So we have part of our food safety, the customer complaints. It's actually a metric of how I measure my food safety manager or our continuous improvement program. So I have a percentage of complaints. Our complaints are based on the volume. Every hundred thousand units that we sell, there's a percentage of complaints on quality versus foreign material versus thing. And then we watch that percentage because obviously as we grow, the number grows. But as long as the percentage gets better or stays the same, we know that we're in control. If the percentage starts actually growing against the volume. Now we actually are increasing issues. We're getting worse. And that's why I was looking at like that Snacks to Go item has been listed for two plus years and it has sat at 3.8 reviews the whole time. Currently it's 3.7, so it has not moved that much. So that's where I'm kind of. I'm. And again, I'm just kind of feeling. I definitely agree we need to watch this. I'd love to fix it, but I think we need to watch. We also need to just understand we're obviously within a tolerance that's safer than not. Yes, yes, of course it is right now. Yeah, yeah. But this needs to be. Because that's why I asked and that's why I was looking at the percentage. I'm like, well, it's less than 1% where these other ones frickin. The Chickpea variety pack is 2.25. My assumption is Amazon's going to have an issue with that before they have an Issue with our other thing, especially if they're making 40% fulfillment fees from us. Well, yes, now, now here's the thing. I understand that it's within the acceptable range right now. One concern is it can affect us in the future. Second thing is we cannot just stay where we are right now. Right. Because you see, for now, if we get reviews, the recent reviews, for example. Oh, sorry. I just need to log in again. That's okay. Oh, cancel. Okay. Recent reviews. So if you look at the recent reviews, so many monsters. I mean, back to back, like all of the new ones. So the assumption that we had was we already solved the issue is not really. Right. I'd say. Right. There's still something going on. So. Well, so what we did though was we went calling for reviews in the last four weeks. So it makes sense that all of a sudden we're getting back to back versus more sporadic. Right? Because at the end of the day, there's no. There's no issue with the product. I know this. There's no issue with the product. This is a product that gets five stars or one stars. You can see here. On June 7, this person gave five stars. On June 6, we get one stars. It's the same item, right? Yes, yes. Okay. But we do know the issue. So the only way to correct this is if we change out the chickpeas. Because you can see it in the three pack of chickpeas. It's a three and a half star item. Our lentils are four star items. Our fava beans are four star items. Our new variety pack is a four star item because it has two favas and a stronger flavor chickpea. The only way we can. There's two things we should do. Number one, I think we should shut off that software that's calling out for reviews because we went down instead of up. Right? We just shut it off and go back to where we were at. And number two, we need to start kicking volume up in a really big way on the new variety pack to make sure that one is really, really strong. Number three, let's talk about if we can change the inside of the current snacks to remove the sea salt lime and make it a two flavor. Like I'll put two barbecue chickpeas in there or two barbecue lentils maybe in there or two favas or something. And what is the process or risks associated with doing that? Okay, so if we do that, we have to make sure the. Let's say we have done the changes on our end and we want to ship a new batch to Amazon. Before we do that, before Amazon starts checking in our items, we have to make sure we update the product pictures that we have on our product detail page so that they are not confused. They don't think that it's the wrong item that we sent. And that is all basically. Yeah. And one risk still stays that, because we will already update the product product page images and Amazon will still have some of the old inventory. Customers may get confused when they receive the products and, you know, they may end up complaining. So that's another risk that we may have. Okay, and how do you mitigate that? You have to put images of both up and say, you may get this or you may get that. Yeah, I think in the second, second image, we can keep that for a month or a month and a half until the old stock runs out. We have no way of knowing that for sure, but maybe for a while, for a significant amount of time so that customers are not confused, or at least they know that this is what is happening. And so how does that actually look? It looks like an image of both on one on the front page and saying, you may get this or that. And we leave it up until we know that they're only getting this. Yeah. And you don't see any issues with that? So. Because the other thing here is if I do that, that actually requires a UPC change on the item because it's a material change to the master item. So if the UPC changes, does that change anything in Amazon or does that even matter? 100%. It's a new listing. New PC, it's a new listing. Okay, so then it is not as simple. And if it's a new listing, can it be the same asin? No, it can't. So it's starting from scratch. So this is telling me that actually the only way to. To take care of this is to start from scratch on a new item and move the audience over. That's a tough process. It's already catching up. I mean, you see how it's scaling. So, yeah, probably not a maybe in the long run, yes, it will make sense. Maybe we can launch another variation if that's. That's feasible for you. And in the long run, maybe six months or one year, maybe the other one will catch up. And then we can eventually, you know, not rely on this SKU anymore. And so how does that work? Show home. Because that's not necessarily a bad thing. And that's why I'm really bullish on this new Variety pack. Let's get it let's, let's get that one selling better because it will have better reviews, it has better items in it. It's actually even cost effectively for us to create it much better. This tiny little snack packs of the 15 by 30 gram is actually a very expensive product to make that I know down the road likely in 2026, there's going to be a conversation to me, I want this to go away. How do we make that happen? Okay, so this is not necessarily a bad thing. So ideally the strategy is, what we're doing is let's ramp up this new snacks to go. And that's why I'm really bullish on get the pipe of inventory in because it's freaking taking forever. I don't know why it takes so long. So get this one wrapping up. Meanwhile, let's just try to stay at this 3.7 and 3.8. Monitor that closely because there seems to be a tolerance for that on the current snacks to go. Don't stop selling it. But let's just make sure it doesn't continue to creep down. And then I think there's a new variety pack to come. So instead of changing the snacks to go 15 gram, ideally we launch another 28 gram that has different iterations inside of it. And now you have two that are four plus stars that we're fulfilling an assembly. Yeah, that would be wonderful. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So Basically this, this 15 times, it's a bigger strategic shift in sort of it's a new item. Like we want another new item. But we have time because the current. We're not happy with where reviews are at. We gotta watch out on it. So why don't we start backfilling with a new item and getting the audience. Are you able to see? Because this is a thing too. Like and this is always with even the chickpea snacks, like in grocery retail for instance, or when we do shows. I'm very picky. Like I know what customers are gonna love it and who's gonna hate it. Like we're very picky about where we sell them to. I'm very picky about who we sample them to because we know this. Are we able to understand on Amazon back end like who is that person buying and saying one star? Because it's likely a very similar. Like are we able to see the audience like what else they buy, how old they are, where they live, like a little bit on them and then are we able to block them from buying it or like not serve them? Like I just like. Well, you can see Some demographics data, but nothing psychographic related. Probably that's what you're referring to. You know that these are the kind of people who generally don't like my product. Right. So no, we cannot see that much. And definitely we cannot block anybody. Yeah. You know what? Even show home, if you're able. Are you able to show me some demographics? Just even the demographics, it'd be interesting to see on those negative reviews, even over the last two months. Like, are they all over the age of 60, 60 or something? Right. Like, oh, we cannot, by the way, segment it in that way that. Oh, these are the people who left one star and who are they? So let me show you something. Okay, so if you go to brands and then customer reviews, you get to see all of your. All of the reviews that you're getting. Right. And then you will see the negative ones. For example, this is three star. Yeah, like neutral. But you get to contact them. So one thing is you can either offer them a refund or you can provide customer support. So it's a default message. You cannot edit it. But let's say you send this one right after you send this, you can go to messages, and then you will see that the default message has been sent. Now if you want to say something else, you know, customized, then you can type that message here. So anyway, my. The reason I'm telling you this is yes, now you can see where they are. A little bit of. Okay, let's take a look at this. Okay. Are you showing. I'm not. I don't see your screen. If you're showing something, you don't show. Oh, oh, no, sorry. I took it away because I was distracted. Oh, okay. So I'll just start. So what I was showing is if you go to brands and then customer reviews, this is the page you'll see. And here you get to see all the reviews that you're getting. And here you basically can provide customer support to them. So let's say this one is a neutral review. They will still give you the option to contact. If you click on contact, you have two options. One is to provide courtesy refund, and another one is to provide customer support. So basically talk to them. Now, you cannot edit the message. Here it's a default message, click on send. But if you click on send, you will be able to go to the, like, you know, go to customer messages, whatever this page, and then you will see that you have sent this message and then the default message. And then again, if you want to type a custom customized message, you can do that and then whatever information you need from them, you can basically say anything. Now what I'm why I'm saying this is yes, you can first of all send a customized message, but you also get to see the order id. Now I think I'm coming to the point where you asked me if we can see where they are from. Well, it's not a statistical data but if you want to look at individual orders you can. So it's going to be time consuming. So let's say you click on the order, then you get to see where they are from. They are from Etobicoke, Ontario. And he didn't leave any negative feedback by the way. Rather it's well, and it looks like. So the 13 orders from this buyer, that's 13 orders of our item. Oh yes, 100%. Oh yeah. Nice to see how often this person is buying. Yeah. And you can only see this from people that have left reviews or I can see that on any order because I just go into item and you will get more insights. If we complete the LTV analysis that I showed you when like when we started working, you know, we didn't do that analysis but if we do that, you'll get to see how many people are statistically how many people are buying, how frequently they are buying. Basically the repeat purchase behavior and lifetime value, which is very difficult if you want to that analysis. Sorry, I don't remember you showing me that when we onboarded. But is that like a service you provide at additional fee? Like is that like an, like a to do the analysis? Like say if I said hey, you know what show home, maybe it'd be worth to do that analysis on just the one Asin. Yeah, well that's a good question. For now, I haven't really started providing that as a service. Probably I'll just do it as an experiment for now and then see how I can what kind of value people can get from that one. So yeah, because if we're speaking specific on Amazon, because are you able to target certain places with your advertising that you're doing Amazon or it's mostly all keyword and then Amazon just anyone that comes in, comes in and based on those keywords they see. Okay, so it's not like you're able to block or target certain audiences. It's keyword targeting. That's true. Yes. To the entirety of Amazon audience that comes in. But all of these are good questions. By the way, with the recent releases that may even be a possibility that we may. That's something advanced and I have mentioned that in the agenda today. That's AMC Amazon marketing cloud. Anyway, that's something also a little bit experimental. Yeah, we have lots of experiments that we have to do. So. Okay, so again I just want to maybe just bring us back to the most urgent project. There was two things. So since you've started with us in March There was two big things that we were really focused on. Number one, rationalize SKUs so that we budget wise and operationally can focus on the best sellers. Number two is launch a new snacks to go. And so I just want to just reground ourselves there and saying we haven't 100, we're like 90 there because we're still just working on the new snacks to go getting freaking transferred and fulfilled everywhere we have some content that's still required for it. Meanwhile the rationalizing has happened. We're just selling out of these other ones. So I do just want to re ground us in. Those were two very major, two very major things. Meanwhile you were creating a forecast dashboard. So we've done a lot in a very short time. The next thing internally where I need to get very clear and strong at is Amazon forecasting and production on these items into the production schedule and because one of the things we're doing production wise as we because these variety packs are a very complex item and it's all done very manual. There's no automation in this. And so that is the club winning item and that is the E commerce. So both of these have scaled at the same time and like we're literally having like we literally had like 10 new operators just start last week just to do assembly. So wow. So we need to look at that process and we're finding ways of, of okay, so how do we manage? Because honestly the biggest constraint is frickin space right now like our warehouse space. We need another warehouse. So these things are being talked about. I just want you to know that these things are being talked about of how do we make sure we keep up on these items. So that's a big project. The next big project I'm seeing for us is and this is why I'm asking you all these questions because for the company, any consumer information we can get on what is a loyal customer. I'd be very interested to understand how, how many times a year is my Amazon is my most loyal Amazon consumer purchasing versus maybe a more average like because I feel like when you're a customer purchasing an item on Amazon you always just purchase it from Amazon. You don't buy it Anywhere else, I personally feel, because it's just in your basket and you just keep whatever. So. But what I don't want to do is start layering on these curiosities if they are not the number one priority for you right now. So I just want to. I want to know that it can be done. But when we do it, let's just make sure that we don't. Yeah, when we do it is. For now, I think I. Okay. There are a few things I'll probably quickly discuss because it's already 11. And so that is about the new Snack to Go A plus content. That's one of our priorities, the listing itself. So how about we get done with the A content and upload that? Okay. Yes, let's talk about a plus content. Does everybody have just another 15 minutes? Because Brittany and I were talking about this. So first what you need to do is educate me on where does A plus content go. Like when you say A plus content, it lives on the product page at the bottom, right? Okay. It's not the content on the storefront. No. Okay. So those are two separate things. Correct. Okay, so if acuff plus content is at the bottom, what is the purpose of A plus content versus the listing content? The entire listing is your landing page. You have to think about it as one piece. So basically you are trying to give the customer information and experience so that they make a decision in your favor. That's how you think. Okay. Okay. So you have the product listing, which has all those keywords that you did for the new item and stuff. And then the A content is just additional content because it's the landing page. It's a part of the entire landing page. And so that A plus content you mentioned last time. Because right now I'll maybe just show. Because right now our A plus content, We don't have any content on the new snack to go. Yes. So I want to look at the old snack to go. How it's set up right now, because we are. We're all in agreeance that outside of reviews, this item is winning. Right. So. So this is the current snacks to go. And at the bottom, this is the A plus content. So have you. So what is working and what is not working about this show Home. I think this is pretty good. That's why I suggested we shouldn't change it if we like as a priority. But since we are doing the new snack to go, I thought let's do it better with the premium A plus content. This is the basic A plus content that you have here. Okay. And so what makes it better? What makes it better? The premium A plus. Let's even forget about the term premium A plus. So if we need to make this better, we need to make it easy to skim through here. We have so much information, I think hardly anybody is going to read them. So whatever message that you want to send, it needs to be very easy to scan. Like, okay, two seconds. Within two seconds of scroll, they should be able to get that, okay, this is a message. I want to buy it. Okay. And so does anything in the A content, Are there more keywords that you're trying to work into this A content, whether they're additional words or the same words? That's a good question. So here, for example, since you have many text, so much text, you have the option to include many keywords, and that does help SEO. Now, what's happening with premium A plus is we are not using that like any text. Basically, there is an option to include some alt text in the backend. Apart from that, if you want to do SEO, we need to include another module that is frequently asked questions. So there the answer should be written in a way that is SEO optimized that you haven't done for now. But I mean, in the A plus content that you have already, that could be next. Yeah, right. Okay. Because again, so. Because when Brittany and I were talking, so we had some content built from our designer that we. We want to make better because it was just really kind of busy and we want to make sure the right words were used and stuff. So we're getting there. But when we were talking initially, it was somewhat understood that that content is actually for the storefront versus here. So the layout was maybe not the way we want it to be. Oh, okay. No, no, it's for here. Go ahead. I think I relayed, like, I didn't relay that it was for the storefront to Lindsey, though. So I think what she designed was to, like, show homes his instructions. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Because my opinion is what I would like to do creatively, like, in terms of brand and creatively, I would like to copy this page. I basically want to give this to my designer and say, copy this page. It has lifestyle, high protein, healthy, alternative. It's. But maybe what to your point is there's too much, so we need to, like, I would almost just. These are the copy that I want in it. Right. Like, this could be the copy. And now I need to rationalize some of these images. Right. I can make it shorter, but if we're happy with this layout. We can develop it for the new one this way. I'm happy with this layout creatively, but we can make it more concise. Right. Even in the suggestions of the instructions that I gave, I tried to take every bit of information that we have included here, but in a more concise way. So, yes, I will agree. Whatever. Are you able, Brittany, to just pull up. Can you just pull up some of the images there? Because this is the. Basically there's some good ones that have been developed it out of its show home, but when you put them all together, it's really busy. So that's where I just want to. Yeah. So Brittany can kind of show you where we're at, but I would rather like, I guess, because what we're saying here is even like, I could probably take out product images of the whole package because it's already on the product page. So this would be how it scrolls right now, in my opinion. Way too busy. You're saying so much. You're saying nothing. Yeah, yeah. Right. Yeah, yeah. So can you show them just individually, though, Brittany, A little bit. So we're going to work with some of this, but I think what, like. Because I do like them in isolation, I kind of like what she's doing with some of this, but it's really busy and you know what? I. I am. I have shared some examples of really good ones in the notion document that I shared. So maybe if you take the designer and you also take a look at them, maybe that will give you. I center those notion stuff too, I think. Yeah. What I will say is like, oh, go ahead. Yeah, go ahead. No, I was just going to say because so. And those examples, like, I, again, I didn't maybe look very hard. I have to be refreshed on it. But at the end of the day, the freelance. Freelance designers, they need to be given the template and then they just plug it in. Yeah. Don't give them too much creative leeway because this is what happens. So she has all the stuff here, but now she needs to be given something to go plug it into appropriately. And that's why I was kind of just leaning into our current snacks to go page and saying, go do this basically with the new. Just replicate it. And then we can kind of pick and choose where we could. Maybe we like these on the go images better than some of these. So. Yeah, sure. Is there something that you need from me on this? No, I just wanted. The biggest thing for me is I just needed to understand the purpose of a plus Content. Because when the designer was pushed here and I have to just even review your brief a little bit, my first look is like, creatively as a brand, whatever. This is not working. We are. We are not saying anything because we're saying too many things. Like, there's no clarity here whatsoever. But that's why I asked that question. Like, is the more words, the better? Like, is this. Is the purpose of this for more. Get more words out there so they come? Or is the purpose for this key Messaging, Branding? Yeah, like, that's. Yeah. Okay, so. Yes. So let us. So sorry for the day. Let us take this. I think what we'll do, Brittany, is I think let's look at our current snacks to go and start trying to plug this in and find areas just to even make it more concise. Because even on our current snacks to go, I can already see in three areas. We're just repeating ourselves. Stop repeating ourselves and just say it once. Really well. So let us take a look at. I'm going to take a look at both of those. Show home and. Yeah, and we can maybe have a reminder to show home. Like, we are also rebranding. Right. So, like, this will have to all get done. Like, every single page will have to get done, including the website, Amazon, everything. So not that I hesitate a little bit. Well, that's not true. I do hesitate a little bit to spend 20 hours on this because in the next, what, two months, this will all have to be redone anyways. Yeah, yeah, but so. And that's why I wanted to give this to Lindsay. We have the hours with her. She has the availability. Give it to her. We just got to give it to her. Right. With a deadline. So because for now, we have the new variety pack up. We have to do it. But to Brittany's point there, show home, that is the next big project that is going to be high priority is the new brand. And because that's why I like to hear you, like, if we change the snacks to go item, like inside, we're going to have to strategically make a plan on the imagery of you may get this or that. And I've seen lots of brands do it on Amazon. Actually. The item's not changing, just the look is they don't change the upc, by the way, so they just. No UPC change. No. Okay, so that one's a little bit easier, but we'll still have to time it out and make sure our images are updated. So, yes. So this is a project where we will. This is why I like Rationalizing. Let's just get it down to the four freaking items that we're focused on. Yeah. And then meanwhile, is it easy enough show home to delete a page off the store? Because I was thinking those 40 grams have a whole page on our store. They can, that page can go away. Okay. Yeah, yeah. I also always get ads for the brand. I think it's called Pilot House. They're a digital agency who did all of these pages. And I think they claim that they're like award winning Amazon pages. And I think they're not dissimilar to what we're doing. Like, we are doing a lot of this. But their A plus content is similar to I think what your instructions were. Like, this is cleaner. Hey, Alicia, if you would agree, like it's just much more cleaner. But this is like clearly like a designer did this, like a agency did this. Yeah, yeah. And again we have the content. So yeah, plug it in with clear things of don't use this image. It's too busy versus that. So that's kind of the next direction. I honestly, even with Lindsay Brittany, I would say show me two. Two ways. Like, I don't like being shown to only one thing. I want to see two. And so it's so it gives them, it challenges them to think I've dumped it all this way. Now make me a cleaner version that looks a little bit different. So. And again, she has the hours, she has the time. Show me two. Never. Just show me one. I want to see minimum two ways in to how this could look. Right. Okay. Yeah. And the second thing is the video. Is this something that we. You're thinking of? Yeah, resend it. I'll send it again. But if it's different dimensions than what you would like, then yeah, she has to redo just the dimensions on it. I think the dimensions were correct last time. No, you sent one version before. Yeah, because all I did was we just removed like that wiggle at the end or whatever and just like made it a little bit cleaner. But yeah, that's done. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So if it's done, just send it to me. I'll use that for advertising. Okay, yeah. And then so for communication of assets moving forward, show how. Because I think I've heard just a few times, sometimes Brittany sends you something but then you follow up for it and then she resends it. So I just want to make sure an email sending it when it's complete is the best way. Right. There's nowhere we're supposed to be loading it. Into or something. Well, I didn't get the problem. Sorry. Yeah, I'm just wondering. I'm just making sure when we're sharing over the assets, when they're completed, our best method is to share them via email and let's let you know. Okay. And not like. Because not notion is obviously not right. That's just for your notes, correct? Yes, yes, yes. Just for me. Okay. Okay. All right. And you know what? For the forecast, I think we need to. It's time we need to look at the forecast of the two variety packs again because it's. It looks like it's now outdated. Will scale faster than what you thought. So would you like me to take a look at them before. Yeah, if you could Go ahead. Yeah, go ahead and update it like already you said like on. On Canada here it's like immediately you want to bump it to like 1300. Right. So. So yeah, if you could bump that. And then you know what, Brittany, I think those two items we should also bump in the sales forecast too. Like Shoham's forecast. Take his numbers and put them into ours, whatever he comes up with. So we can do that next week. You said it'll be the two variety packs that you're changing. Yeah, yeah. And do you think. I think the camelina oil is still pretty good. And how about this? I was thinking that maybe we should set a better target forecast. Of course is going to set the target but rethink like what we can really scale to instead of just you know, increasing it to 1350 for every month afterwards. And how much can I do? Like can i2x or 2.5x in the next six months or 10 months, whatever it is. I see. So and are you saying almost like a gross target? Like a target in terms of like how much monthly capacity can I pump about? So if is 1300 my max or can I go to 2 like on this next to go. Is that the question you would like to understand? Okay. Yes. And that is actually. That is literally the question I wrote down when I go into my. My production touch point this week is saying we are scaling. This is where we're at. I need to know how fast we can get to what we need today and how fast we can get to what we are going to need in the next six months. So yeah. And because. So for that show Home. Because does that. I guess that is. That specifically affects how much advertise where you spend your dollars in advertising what items. Right? Yeah. Yes. And that's the next question. So I'd like to follow up on the question where I asked you if I'll have the autonomy to I look at 10% plus 1000 for the new Snack To Go. So and those questions come together, I need to find out how fast can, what does the next six months look like in terms of speed? And as soon as that, as soon as we unlock like rapid growth for Amazon that will come with the budget increase. Like, those things have to go together. Yeah, yeah. Because you know what, I'll tell you this right now. We did already more than 45,000 in the last 30 days. Days. And this item, the Snack To Go, is going to do about 1350 units. Right now I'm not even spending 10% on it, so it's getting diluted. Oh, you're not Even spending the 10%? No, because you can't like at. Because the budget is 4,000 plus 1,000 that you gave. Oh, 4,000 total. Right. So I, I actually overspent, by the way. It's already around 4600. Okay, so you're saying I'm not even hitting my 10%. But meanwhile you have concerns about. Because the worst thing that can happen is you run out of stock because then you kind of have to rebuild. Right. Like, how does that. True. That's also, that's also another concern. Yeah, you never want to run out of stock on Amazon. Yeah, yeah. But I think I'm confident that you, I mean, we, you internally will be able to handle that and will not run out of stock. I'm mostly thinking about growth and the budget. Yes, yes, yes, me too. Okay. So I literally, I brought it as a priority objective for the next, for this quarter and next quarter to my leadership team, my executive team, saying I need to understand when I can unlock Amazon because it's ready. That was basically the question. And that means production wise and, and understanding profitability in terms of where we're at on these asins. So they have been tasked with it and I will chase that information and push hard on my end and I don't want to keep following up every week. So it's okay. Timeline. I appreciate, I appreciate the Hunger show home, but just know I am equally, I am equally hungry. Yeah, yeah, there. Yeah. Okay. So yes, I'll get more information, have an answer like, how long will it take? Yeah, I'll put it on. We have a follow up to our leadership meeting on Friday with some of the action items from our discussions last week. So there I will put just urgency behind knowing at the end of the day to the profitability thing show home. Like that's how I communicated it to them too is we, if we. I don't need to know that to. To open up budget and stuff like that. Like I find I want to know that this year so that we can put some options so that we can optimize. But right now the first thing I need to know is how can we production wise, how can we supply the demand and how fast can we supply the demand? Because I want to increase growth on Amazon. That's the first thing. As soon as I know that you will get your budget and then the profitability information might just come a little bit later, which is fine. Okay. Okay. Because my only question there was even the profitability at the end of the day I think there's going to be trade off. Like you're saying put it in a smaller box and optifies the fulfillment piece but then that just raises our costs on the operational. My question is do I need to price increase before I unlock to just know that my fulfillment fees are 35, 40% on these more complex items. Right. So that's where I, that's why I wanted to know from finance if I can know sooner, I'd like to price increase before I turn my budget on. That was kind of. Yeah. And, and are you, are you still having any challenge when it comes to scaling in the usa? Are you still putting that holding on onto that or no. So if you. And again we're not our items are not tariffs right now in the US but again that was part of my question too because I have a feeling where less our fees are higher in the US and everything and we're selling them at the same price. I think we're going to need a price increase in the US I just need to know what that is. So again in the meantime if you're like we just need that new snacks to go item in there anyways before you can even start spending the 10%. Right. Like. Yeah, yeah. That is one question. And the price adjustment. Yes, these are the two things. So you're saying you're also open to adjusting the price there. Okay, good. That's good. Yeah. Well again I'm telling them do I need to adjust the price? Because basically what I told them is get production figured out so that I can start selling more on Amazon. But meanwhile you need to fig prioritize also telling where we're profitable and whatnot. And they have priorities of every channel. What does Amazon look like? What does grow? What does loblaws look like? What does costco look like and what's our mix? So I just said, I just asked, can you prioritize Amazon in that mix? Okay, I get that. That's good. Just to Clarify, in the US we are selling the snack to go at 29 in Canada. It's 29 Canadian. So what I was asking is you also want to adjust that price, lower that price basically in the U.S. right? You're okay with that? No, my question is do I need to hire that price? Because I know it's 29 USD so we get all the. But. But it's way more expensive depending on how, depending on how profitable we are in making this item. It's way more expensive for us to ship and do business in the U.S. okay. And are we wanting to put some buffer in if there is some tariff implementations there? So yeah, I think the price would. The price will definitely not go down. It will only go up. Yeah. All right. And then the last thing is about amc, it's Amazon marketing cloud. The basic things that I want to experiment with right now are creating audiences which is something that we never could do on Amazon. This is a very recent thing. So for example, we could create a lookalike audience based on let's say people who have purchased from us us in the last 365 days or purchase twice or more from us in the last 365 days and then layering those audiences in our campaigns. So I'm not saying we'll just replace the existing campaigns. We'll probably create duplicates of the same campaigns where the priority will be on testing these audiences, this lookalike audiences. How does that first of all sound like to you? And if it is okay, I would need your permission to set up AMC on your behalf because this is company's data that I'll have access to. Okay, so so amc. So is there additional cost to doing that like with Amazon, are there more fees or like what does that look like? No, I'm just included in this. So I'm just trying to again these are something probably I'll in the future provide them as add ons. But right now you know, I also need to see how effective they are and basically do my experiments. So I'm just going to offer this for free. Okay. So this is basically creating another bucket of advertising. So like you have like your competitive ads, you have your product ads, keyword ads and now this is a lookalike audience like you do on. So you have the keywords and then on top of that it will be layered in the audience will be layered in. So Amazon will now increase the bid or adjust the bid just for this audience whenever anyone from that audience searches for the keywords that we are targeting. Okay. And so only. Only Amazon knows who that audience is or do you get like. Okay, I just keep trying to get people personal information. So yeah, I'm totally open to kind of looking at that. And so with that show home, will you. So you'll set that up and go. And then you'll share back in the next few weeks how well that's doing versus others. Or I'll see it in the dashboard. How will I see that? No, no, you will not see that in the dashboard. Yeah, yeah. And it will probably take more than few weeks, but yes, maybe a month and a half or two months, we get to see what's happening. And as the next steps, I will initiate the process. On my end, I may need to send an email asking you, hey, are you okay with me accessing your Amazon data? You'll have to send me a confirmation so that I can then Amazon then approve me to access your data set. Okay. So will I get that email to send you confirmation or Annabove, because he's on the. Oh, I will. I will send you an email later on. Okay. You'll just have to respond saying that, yes, it's totally fine. I mean, just to approve it basically. Okay. And then. Sorry, just one question I had about the ROAS reporting in our dashboard that is up to date every month. Right. Because in May it said the ROAS was $304 on the snacks to go new one. And now it's settled down at 950. I'm just trying to look at which. Which one are you. Do you mind sharing your screen mean, first of all. Oh, yeah. On Canada here. Okay. Oh, okay. So in May, we didn't advertise at all, which is why almost didn't. Oh, that's why. Okay. So there was no money behind that one. Okay. And then these ones, I know that we're kind of like rash. These ones that were being rationalized we're not doing. So that's fine. Okay. So I just wanted to make sure. These are. Yeah, these are. Yes, yes. Okay. And this one even too. Hey, 35 bucks because we don't even have the. Okay, perfect. All right. Show hope. Thanks for that. Nice work. Thank you. All right. With more information about just volumes and stuff, I'll speak with Annaba and the Demand planning team. Yeah, great. Thank you so much. Have a great week. Yeah, you too. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Those are. It could be primed AQ or something or shipment. Just.

Speaker B: Yeah, so it's not getting cleared. And so where I'm getting here is in order for us to properly plan and get into the production schedule right now, we've said we need to be planning three months inventory. If these lead times keep lengthening, we need to start planning four months inventory. So that's kind of where we had

Speaker A: seen, we had done that in the past, Alicia. And we like items like power variety pack. They were sitting in abundance. They were sitting in abundance. Even though there could be different factors. But we actually sent more than like I, I had literally worked on transit time.

Speaker B: Like right.

Speaker A: 20 days transit time is what I added to my safety stock buffer. Like what could be the consumption for 20 days. I added those numbers as an extra. But we got into a space where we were seeing a lot of inventories today.

Speaker B: And then what's best case and worst case into the US because. And actually, and again, I know you have to go here. So if you just tell me, I want to know, this new variety pack, what day did we ship it? That's all I want to know.

Speaker A: I need to check that, Alicia. Yeah, because I don't know what the shipment number is. I have to go back and check.

Speaker B: And so if you can just a follow up to this conversation, if you can let me know that variety pack, what day did we ship it?

Speaker A: Okay, sure, I'll do that. So do you think there is any alarming thing that we need to do here? My only question, we haven't sold fee. We just recently sent the shipment for two pack oil which is still in transit. So once that sales pick up, do you want me to send another lot or should we just wait and watch?

Speaker B: Can you send us these grids and above? Can you email these to me and then I'm going to make comments in it? Yeah. And then just moving forward, can you send these the day before our meeting?

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Because then ideally what. Because what I'm doing in this meeting, which can be done before is I'm looking at our sales and looking at what your recommendations are of what you've already put in production and what's there. So then we can just move through the conversation a lot faster if I'm able to pre read.

Speaker A: Yeah, they will do that.

Speaker B: Okay, cool. Okay, go to your huddle. That's important.

Speaker A: Thanks. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. See you later. Thank you.

Speaker C: Yeah, Bye.

Speaker B: Bye. Okay. Yes. So I need to just look at, I need to get some lead times on how long these things are. Taking to ship and get the production lead times as well. Okay. So we'll fill the best we can there.

Speaker C: Show home.

Speaker B: I'm going to start getting some information on just the frequency of when Amazon can be put into production because I think there's some more right now. It's kind of just been an add on to our assembly and I think we, we need an ownable cadence. It needs to be a permanent part of the weekly schedule. So.

Speaker C: Okay, sure, yeah.

Speaker D: Or back shop again.

Speaker B: Mostly it's again, as we rationalize the volume, it's like. Yeah, so yeah, just trying. It's two variety packs and Camelina oil. That's just what it is. Good. Because I, we have it in the forecast and everything. So I just need to find out where do I put this information so that we can continue to scale. Okay, so let's talk about, let's talk about the 15 gram snacks to go show home and sort of just your concerns there. And again I just want to make sure that this, this, the reviews, the concerns, I just want to make sure like where we. Has there been some sort of notification that's come from Amazon? Okay, and what was that?

Speaker C: Sure. Okay, one second. Share my screen.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: So first of all, if we do see, I mean the NCX rating, we have to go to performance and then account health and then click on Voice of the customer and there you get to see the NCX ratings of all the products. And you will see, I think this is based on last 30 days or I have to check what it is. But you'll see all the number of complaints that you have received.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker C: And the percentage. And they also like you will also see the customer experience health here. And this is our best seller. This is, this is a fair rating right now. Everything else looks good.

Speaker B: So why does everything else look good when the NCS X score is worse on every other item that we're selling?

Speaker C: Probably based on the number of orders that. A number of orders.

Speaker B: Okay, what's an order? What's an NCX order?

Speaker C: So that those are the orders where we have received a negative complaint, basically. Complaint.

Speaker B: Okay. And in what time frame are you here?

Speaker C: Okay. And okay, let's take a look. It's 30 days.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: And you also.

Speaker B: Okay, because yeah, I was looking at the percentage. The percentage is higher on the other items, but the orders are lower. Okay. So that has to do with how much volume we've sold.

Speaker C: Yeah. And you can see this is basically pulling in all the data from let's say your seller feedback and then customer Reviews and also returns maybe even from the messages. So it basically pulls all those information and then that's what you get to see. There are eight complaints about product quality and damage. Item one, wrong item was sent. I don't know how that happened. It's happening fba. So if that wrong item. If wrong item was sent, then that's Amazon's responsibility. But you will also get to see all the information. Right. They're tracking all of these things.

Speaker B: So these are all. These are the 10 orders and their reviews against this order?

Speaker C: Yes. So you'll see. Oh, this one says that wrong item was sent. And with the order IDs, so we can look into these, the specific cases and see what.

Speaker D: I'll be right back, you guys. Sorry,

Speaker C: Am I good to go?

Speaker B: So in that show home. So 10 orders, what is the time frame? This is one year to date, one month. Okay, so 30 days. In 30 days, 10 orders have given a negative complaint. Okay. And so my question here is, I'm just trying to understand how is this a personal opinion, that this is an issue or this is. Amazon has actually flagged this as an issue because again, it's only 0.97% of the total volume that we're selling.

Speaker C: I'll tell you why I'm considering this and this make why this may cause an issue. So that's why I'm flagging it. And if you go to Account Health page, and I'm actually surprised it's not happening for us yet. That's a good thing. Yeah, but it happens a lot more frequently for others. Now, if you go to the Account Health page on, under Policy Compliance, you'll see all of these different kind of issues that Amazon may flag your products for now. Among them, you'll see one is product condition, customer complaints. So I'm afraid if we keep getting these reviews and feedbacks and all the complaints, then at one point Amazon will flag our product and suppress our product under. Under that.

Speaker B: Does it actually give? When. What is the tolerance? Is it a percentage? Is it a number? Like, my thing is, what is the tolerance?

Speaker C: That's difficult to specify. I would say that I don't have any specific number in mind, but I think it's already fair. But if it goes to, let's say, anything worse than this bad, let's say. And if this number and percentage goes up, there is a chance that Amazon will flag it. And it's really difficult to reinstate these days. I'll also say that.

Speaker B: So can you go back? Can you click here? Does it Tell some sort of tolerance. Like, because I'm kind of looking for like, how do we know where that tolerance is? Like, does Amazon. If you go back under the cus. Oh, this is what you click? Yeah. Learn more. Does it say three stars? Like is not like right now it says customer experience, health is fair. What does that mean? What's the score? Is there good and then fair and bad, or is there.

Speaker C: Probably should do some more research on this instead of just looking at it right now and see if I can find any information on the tolerance that you're asking for. Yeah, but instantly I think we can probably exclude this product from that software so it doesn't send out the review requests anymore.

Speaker B: Because here, like when I chat GTP it before Amazon starts warning or suppressing SKUs with NCX ratings above 2.5%.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: That's what chat GTP sells me. So I'm just trying to understand is it an order volume? Because this is the same like in our company show home. So we have part of our food safety, the customer complaints. It's actually a metric of how I measure my food safety manager or our continuous improvement program. So I have a percentage of complaints. Our complaints are based on the volume. Every hundred thousand units that we sell, there's a percentage of complaints on quality versus foreign material versus thing. And then we watch that percentage because obviously as we grow, the number grows. But as long as the percentage gets better or stays the same, we know that we're in control. If the percentage starts actually growing against the volume. Now we actually are increasing issues. We're getting worse. And that's why I was looking at like that Snacks to Go item has been listed for two plus years and it has sat at 3.8 reviews the whole time. Currently it's 3.7, so it has not moved that much. So that's where I'm kind of. I'm. And again, I'm just kind of feeling. I definitely agree we need to watch this. I'd love to fix it, but I think we need to watch. We also need to just understand we're obviously within a tolerance that's safer than not.

Speaker C: Yes, yes, of course it is right now.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. But this needs to be. Because that's why I asked and that's why I was looking at the percentage. I'm like, well, it's less than 1% where these other ones frickin. The Chickpea variety pack is 2.25. My assumption is Amazon's going to have an issue with that before they have an Issue with our other thing, especially if they're making 40% fulfillment fees from us.

Speaker C: Well, yes, now, now here's the thing. I understand that it's within the acceptable range right now. One concern is it can affect us in the future. Second thing is we cannot just stay where we are right now. Right. Because you see, for now, if we get reviews, the recent reviews, for example. Oh, sorry. I just need to log in again.

Speaker B: That's okay.

Speaker C: Oh, cancel. Okay. Recent reviews. So if you look at the recent reviews, so many monsters. I mean, back to back, like all of the new ones. So the assumption that we had was we already solved the issue is not really. Right. I'd say. Right. There's still something going on. So.

Speaker B: Well, so what we did though was we went calling for reviews in the last four weeks. So it makes sense that all of a sudden we're getting back to back versus more sporadic. Right? Because at the end of the day, there's no. There's no issue with the product. I know this. There's no issue with the product. This is a product that gets five stars or one stars. You can see here. On June 7, this person gave five stars. On June 6, we get one stars. It's the same item, right? Yes, yes.

Speaker C: Okay. But we do know the issue.

Speaker B: So the only way to correct this is if we change out the chickpeas. Because you can see it in the three pack of chickpeas. It's a three and a half star item. Our lentils are four star items. Our fava beans are four star items. Our new variety pack is a four star item because it has two favas and a stronger flavor chickpea. The only way we can. There's two things we should do. Number one, I think we should shut off that software that's calling out for reviews because we went down instead of up. Right? We just shut it off and go back to where we were at. And number two, we need to start kicking volume up in a really big way on the new variety pack to make sure that one is really, really strong. Number three, let's talk about if we can change the inside of the current snacks to remove the sea salt lime and make it a two flavor. Like I'll put two barbecue chickpeas in there or two barbecue lentils maybe in there or two favas or something. And what is the process or risks associated with doing that?

Speaker C: Okay, so if we do that, we have to make sure the. Let's say we have done the changes on our end and we want to ship a new batch to Amazon. Before we do that, before Amazon starts checking in our items, we have to make sure we update the product pictures that we have on our product detail page so that they are not confused. They don't think that it's the wrong item that we sent. And that is all basically. Yeah. And one risk still stays that, because we will already update the product product page images and Amazon will still have some of the old inventory. Customers may get confused when they receive the products and, you know, they may end up complaining. So that's another risk that we may have.

Speaker B: Okay, and how do you mitigate that? You have to put images of both up and say, you may get this or you may get that.

Speaker C: Yeah, I think in the second, second image, we can keep that for a month or a month and a half until the old stock runs out. We have no way of knowing that for sure, but maybe for a while, for a significant amount of time so that customers are not confused, or at least they know that this is what is happening.

Speaker B: And so how does that actually look? It looks like an image of both on one on the front page and saying, you may get this or that. And we leave it up until we know that they're only getting this.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: And you don't see any issues with that? So. Because the other thing here is if I do that, that actually requires a UPC change on the item because it's a material change to the master item. So if the UPC changes, does that change anything in Amazon or does that even matter?

Speaker C: 100%. It's a new listing. New PC, it's a new listing.

Speaker B: Okay, so then it is not as simple. And if it's a new listing, can it be the same asin?

Speaker C: No, it can't.

Speaker B: So it's starting from scratch. So this is telling me that actually the only way to. To take care of this is to start from scratch on a new item and move the audience over.

Speaker C: That's a tough process. It's already catching up. I mean, you see how it's scaling. So, yeah, probably not a maybe in the long run, yes, it will make sense. Maybe we can launch another variation if that's. That's feasible for you. And in the long run, maybe six months or one year, maybe the other one will catch up. And then we can eventually, you know, not rely on this SKU anymore.

Speaker B: And so how does that work? Show home. Because that's not necessarily a bad thing. And that's why I'm really bullish on this new Variety pack. Let's get it let's, let's get that one selling better because it will have better reviews, it has better items in it. It's actually even cost effectively for us to create it much better. This tiny little snack packs of the 15 by 30 gram is actually a very expensive product to make that I know down the road likely in 2026, there's going to be a conversation to me, I want this to go away. How do we make that happen?

Speaker C: Okay,

Speaker B: so this is not necessarily a bad thing. So ideally the strategy is, what we're doing is let's ramp up this new snacks to go. And that's why I'm really bullish on get the pipe of inventory in because it's freaking taking forever. I don't know why it takes so long. So get this one wrapping up. Meanwhile, let's just try to stay at this 3.7 and 3.8. Monitor that closely because there seems to be a tolerance for that on the current snacks to go. Don't stop selling it. But let's just make sure it doesn't continue to creep down. And then I think there's a new variety pack to come. So instead of changing the snacks to go 15 gram, ideally we launch another 28 gram that has different iterations inside of it. And now you have two that are four plus stars that we're fulfilling an assembly.

Speaker C: Yeah, that would be wonderful. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. So Basically this, this 15 times, it's a bigger strategic shift in sort of it's a new item. Like we want another new item. But we have time because the current. We're not happy with where reviews are at. We gotta watch out on it. So why don't we start backfilling with a new item and getting the audience. Are you able to see? Because this is a thing too. Like and this is always with even the chickpea snacks, like in grocery retail for instance, or when we do shows. I'm very picky. Like I know what customers are gonna love it and who's gonna hate it. Like we're very picky about where we sell them to. I'm very picky about who we sample them to because we know this. Are we able to understand on Amazon back end like who is that person buying and saying one star? Because it's likely a very similar. Like are we able to see the audience like what else they buy, how old they are, where they live, like a little bit on them and then are we able to block them from buying it or like not serve them? Like I just like.

Speaker C: Well, you can see Some demographics data, but nothing psychographic related. Probably that's what you're referring to. You know that these are the kind of people who generally don't like my product. Right. So no, we cannot see that much. And definitely we cannot block anybody.

Speaker B: Yeah. You know what? Even show home, if you're able. Are you able to show me some demographics? Just even the demographics, it'd be interesting to see on those negative reviews, even over the last two months. Like, are they all over the age of 60, 60 or something? Right.

Speaker C: Like, oh, we cannot, by the way, segment it in that way that. Oh, these are the people who left one star and who are they? So let me show you something. Okay, so if you go to brands and then customer reviews, you get to see all of your. All of the reviews that you're getting. Right. And then you will see the negative ones. For example, this is three star. Yeah, like neutral. But you get to contact them. So one thing is you can either offer them a refund or you can provide customer support. So it's a default message. You cannot edit it. But let's say you send this one right after you send this, you can go to messages, and then you will see that the default message has been sent. Now if you want to say something else, you know, customized, then you can type that message here. So anyway, my. The reason I'm telling you this is yes, now you can see where they are. A little bit of. Okay, let's take a look at this.

Speaker B: Okay. Are you showing.

Speaker A: I'm not.

Speaker B: I don't see your screen. If you're showing something, you don't show. Oh, oh, no, sorry.

Speaker D: I took it away because I was distracted.

Speaker C: Oh, okay. So I'll just start. So what I was showing is if you go to brands and then customer reviews, this is the page you'll see. And here you get to see all the reviews that you're getting. And here you basically can provide customer support to them. So let's say this one is a neutral review. They will still give you the option to contact. If you click on contact, you have two options. One is to provide courtesy refund, and another one is to provide customer support. So basically talk to them. Now, you cannot edit the message. Here it's a default message, click on send. But if you click on send, you will be able to go to the, like, you know, go to customer messages, whatever this page, and then you will see that you have sent this message and then the default message. And then again, if you want to type a custom customized message, you can do that and then whatever information you need from them, you can basically say anything. Now what I'm why I'm saying this is yes, you can first of all send a customized message, but you also get to see the order id. Now I think I'm coming to the point where you asked me if we can see where they are from. Well, it's not a statistical data but if you want to look at individual orders you can. So it's going to be time consuming. So let's say you click on the order, then you get to see where they are from. They are from Etobicoke, Ontario. And he didn't leave any negative feedback by the way.

Speaker B: Rather it's well, and it looks like. So the 13 orders from this buyer, that's 13 orders of our item.

Speaker C: Oh yes, 100%.

Speaker B: Oh yeah. Nice to see how often this person is buying.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: And you can only see this from people that have left reviews or I can see that on any order because I just go into item and you

Speaker C: will get more insights. If we complete the LTV analysis that I showed you when like when we started working, you know, we didn't do that analysis but if we do that, you'll get to see how many people are statistically how many people are buying, how frequently they are buying. Basically the repeat purchase behavior and lifetime value, which is very difficult if you

Speaker B: want to that analysis. Sorry, I don't remember you showing me that when we onboarded. But is that like a service you provide at additional fee? Like is that like an, like a to do the analysis? Like say if I said hey, you know what show home, maybe it'd be worth to do that analysis on just the one Asin.

Speaker C: Yeah, well that's a good question. For now, I haven't really started providing that as a service. Probably I'll just do it as an experiment for now and then see how I can what kind of value people can get from that one.

Speaker B: So yeah, because if we're speaking specific on Amazon, because are you able to target certain places with your advertising that you're doing Amazon or it's mostly all keyword and then Amazon just anyone that comes in, comes in and based on those keywords they see. Okay, so it's not like you're able to block or target certain audiences. It's keyword targeting.

Speaker C: That's true. Yes.

Speaker B: To the entirety of Amazon audience that comes in.

Speaker C: But all of these are good questions. By the way, with the recent releases that may even be a possibility that we may. That's something advanced and I have mentioned that in the agenda today. That's AMC Amazon marketing cloud. Anyway, that's something also a little bit experimental.

Speaker B: Yeah, we have lots of experiments that we have to do. So. Okay, so again I just want to maybe just bring us back to the most urgent project. There was two things. So since you've started with us in March There was two big things that we were really focused on. Number one, rationalize SKUs so that we budget wise and operationally can focus on the best sellers. Number two is launch a new snacks to go. And so I just want to just reground ourselves there and saying we haven't 100, we're like 90 there because we're still just working on the new snacks to go getting freaking transferred and fulfilled everywhere we have some content that's still required for it. Meanwhile the rationalizing has happened. We're just selling out of these other ones. So I do just want to re ground us in. Those were two very major, two very major things. Meanwhile you were creating a forecast dashboard. So we've done a lot in a very short time. The next thing internally where I need to get very clear and strong at is Amazon forecasting and production on these items into the production schedule and because one of the things we're doing production wise as we because these variety packs are a very complex item and it's all done very manual. There's no automation in this. And so that is the club winning item and that is the E commerce. So both of these have scaled at the same time and like we're literally having like we literally had like 10 new operators just start last week just to do assembly.

Speaker C: So wow.

Speaker B: So we need to look at that process and we're finding ways of, of okay, so how do we manage? Because honestly the biggest constraint is frickin space right now like our warehouse space. We need another warehouse. So these things are being talked about. I just want you to know that these things are being talked about of how do we make sure we keep up on these items. So that's a big project. The next big project I'm seeing for us is and this is why I'm asking you all these questions because for the company, any consumer information we can get on what is a loyal customer. I'd be very interested to understand how, how many times a year is my Amazon is my most loyal Amazon consumer purchasing versus maybe a more average like because I feel like when you're a customer purchasing an item on Amazon you always just purchase it from Amazon. You don't buy it Anywhere else, I personally feel, because it's just in your basket and you just keep whatever. So. But what I don't want to do is start layering on these curiosities if they are not the number one priority for you right now. So I just want to. I want to know that it can be done. But when we do it, let's just make sure that we don't. Yeah, when we do it is.

Speaker C: For now, I think I. Okay. There are a few things I'll probably quickly discuss because it's already 11. And so that is about the new Snack to Go A plus content. That's one of our priorities, the listing itself. So how about we get done with the A content and upload that?

Speaker B: Okay. Yes, let's talk about a plus content. Does everybody have just another 15 minutes? Because Brittany and I were talking about this. So first what you need to do is educate me on where does A plus content go. Like when you say A plus content, it lives on the product page at the bottom, right? Okay. It's not the content on the storefront.

Speaker C: No.

Speaker B: Okay. So those are two separate things.

Speaker A: Correct.

Speaker B: Okay, so if acuff plus content is at the bottom, what is the purpose of A plus content versus the listing content?

Speaker C: The entire listing is your landing page. You have to think about it as one piece. So basically you are trying to give the customer information and experience so that they make a decision in your favor. That's how you think.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. So you have the product listing, which has all those keywords that you did for the new item and stuff. And then the A content is just additional content because it's the landing page.

Speaker C: It's a part of the entire landing page.

Speaker B: And so that A plus content you mentioned last time. Because right now I'll maybe just show. Because right now our A plus content,

Speaker C: We don't have any content on the new snack to go.

Speaker B: Yes. So I want to look at the old snack to go. How it's set up right now, because we are. We're all in agreeance that outside of reviews, this item is winning. Right. So. So this is the current snacks to go. And at the bottom, this is the A plus content. So have you. So what is working and what is not working about this show Home.

Speaker C: I think this is pretty good. That's why I suggested we shouldn't change it if we like as a priority. But since we are doing the new snack to go, I thought let's do it better with the premium A plus content. This is the basic A plus content that you have here.

Speaker B: Okay. And so what makes it better?

Speaker C: What makes it better? The premium A plus. Let's even forget about the term premium A plus. So if we need to make this better, we need to make it easy to skim through here. We have so much information, I think hardly anybody is going to read them. So whatever message that you want to send, it needs to be very easy to scan. Like, okay, two seconds. Within two seconds of scroll, they should be able to get that, okay, this is a message. I want to buy it.

Speaker B: Okay. And so does anything in the A content, Are there more keywords that you're trying to work into this A content, whether they're additional words or the same words?

Speaker C: That's a good question. So here, for example, since you have many text, so much text, you have the option to include many keywords, and that does help SEO. Now, what's happening with premium A plus is we are not using that like any text. Basically, there is an option to include some alt text in the backend. Apart from that, if you want to do SEO, we need to include another module that is frequently asked questions. So there the answer should be written in a way that is SEO optimized that you haven't done for now. But I mean, in the A plus

Speaker B: content that you have already, that could be next. Yeah, right. Okay. Because again, so. Because when Brittany and I were talking, so we had some content built from our designer that we. We want to make better because it was just really kind of busy and we want to make sure the right words were used and stuff. So we're getting there. But when we were talking initially, it was somewhat understood that that content is actually for the storefront versus here. So the layout was maybe not the way we want it to be.

Speaker C: Oh, okay. No, no, it's for here.

Speaker B: Go ahead.

Speaker D: I think I relayed, like, I didn't relay that it was for the storefront to Lindsey, though. So I think what she designed was to, like, show homes his instructions. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. Because my opinion is what I would like to do creatively, like, in terms of brand and creatively, I would like to copy this page. I basically want to give this to my designer and say, copy this page. It has lifestyle, high protein, healthy, alternative. It's. But maybe what to your point is there's too much, so we need to, like, I would almost just. These are the copy that I want in it. Right. Like, this could be the copy. And now I need to rationalize some of these images. Right. I can make it shorter, but if we're happy with this layout. We can develop it for the new one this way. I'm happy with this layout creatively, but we can make it more concise.

Speaker C: Right. Even in the suggestions of the instructions that I gave, I tried to take every bit of information that we have included here, but in a more concise way. So, yes, I will agree. Whatever.

Speaker B: Are you able, Brittany, to just pull up. Can you just pull up some of the images there? Because this is the. Basically there's some good ones that have been developed it out of its show home, but when you put them all together, it's really busy. So that's where I just want to. Yeah. So Brittany can kind of show you where we're at, but I would rather like, I guess, because what we're saying here is even like, I could probably take out product images of the whole package because it's already on the product page. So this would be how it scrolls right now, in my opinion. Way too busy. You're saying so much. You're saying nothing.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: So can you show them just individually, though, Brittany, A little bit. So we're going to work with some of this, but I think what, like. Because I do like them in isolation, I kind of like what she's doing with some of this, but it's really

Speaker C: busy and you know what? I. I am. I have shared some examples of really good ones in the notion document that I shared. So maybe if you take the designer and you also take a look at them, maybe that will give you.

Speaker D: I center those notion stuff too, I think.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: What I will say is like, oh, go ahead. Yeah, go ahead.

Speaker B: No, I was just going to say because so. And those examples, like, I, again, I didn't maybe look very hard. I have to be refreshed on it. But at the end of the day, the freelance. Freelance designers, they need to be given the template and then they just plug it in. Yeah. Don't give them too much creative leeway because this is what happens. So she has all the stuff here, but now she needs to be given something to go plug it into appropriately. And that's why I was kind of just leaning into our current snacks to go page and saying, go do this basically with the new. Just replicate it. And then we can kind of pick and choose where we could. Maybe we like these on the go images better than some of these. So.

Speaker C: Yeah,

Speaker A: sure.

Speaker C: Is there something that you need from me on this?

Speaker B: No, I just wanted. The biggest thing for me is I just needed to understand the purpose of a plus Content. Because when the designer was pushed here and I have to just even review your brief a little bit, my first look is like, creatively as a brand, whatever. This is not working. We are. We are not saying anything because we're saying too many things. Like, there's no clarity here whatsoever. But that's why I asked that question. Like, is the more words, the better? Like, is this. Is the purpose of this for more. Get more words out there so they come? Or is the purpose for this key Messaging, Branding? Yeah, like, that's. Yeah. Okay, so. Yes. So let us. So sorry for the day. Let us take this. I think what we'll do, Brittany, is I think let's look at our current snacks to go and start trying to plug this in and find areas just to even make it more concise. Because even on our current snacks to go, I can already see in three areas. We're just repeating ourselves. Stop repeating ourselves and just say it once. Really well. So let us take a look at. I'm going to take a look at both of those. Show home and. Yeah, and we can maybe have a

Speaker D: reminder to show home. Like, we are also rebranding. Right. So, like, this will have to all get done. Like, every single page will have to get done, including the website, Amazon, everything. So not that I hesitate a little bit.

Speaker B: Well, that's not true.

Speaker D: I do hesitate a little bit to spend 20 hours on this because in the next, what, two months, this will all have to be redone anyways.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, but so. And that's why I wanted to give this to Lindsay. We have the hours with her. She has the availability. Give it to her. We just got to give it to her. Right. With a deadline. So because for now, we have the new variety pack up. We have to do it. But to Brittany's point there, show home, that is the next big project that is going to be high priority is the new brand. And because that's why I like to hear you, like, if we change the snacks to go item, like inside, we're going to have to strategically make a plan on the imagery of you may get this or that. And I've seen lots of brands do it on Amazon. Actually. The item's not changing, just the look

Speaker C: is they don't change the upc, by the way, so they just.

Speaker B: No UPC change. No. Okay, so that one's a little bit easier, but we'll still have to time it out and make sure our images are updated. So, yes. So this is a project where we will. This is why I like Rationalizing. Let's just get it down to the four freaking items that we're focused on. Yeah. And then meanwhile, is it easy enough show home to delete a page off the store? Because I was thinking those 40 grams have a whole page on our store. They can, that page can go away. Okay. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: I also always get ads for the brand. I think it's called Pilot House. They're a digital agency who did all of these pages. And I think they claim that they're like award winning Amazon pages. And I think they're not dissimilar to what we're doing. Like, we are doing a lot of this. But their A plus content is similar to I think what your instructions were. Like, this is cleaner. Hey, Alicia, if you would agree, like it's just much more cleaner. But this is like clearly like a designer did this, like a agency did this.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. And again we have the content. So yeah, plug it in with clear things of don't use this image. It's too busy versus that. So that's kind of the next direction. I honestly, even with Lindsay Brittany, I would say show me two. Two ways. Like, I don't like being shown to only one thing. I want to see two. And so it's so it gives them, it challenges them to think I've dumped it all this way. Now make me a cleaner version that looks a little bit different. So. And again, she has the hours, she has the time. Show me two. Never. Just show me one. I want to see minimum two ways in to how this could look. Right. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker C: And the second thing is the video. Is this something that we. You're thinking of?

Speaker D: Yeah, resend it. I'll send it again. But if it's different dimensions than what you would like, then yeah, she has to redo just the dimensions on it.

Speaker C: I think the dimensions were correct last time. No, you sent one version before.

Speaker D: Yeah, because all I did was we just removed like that wiggle at the end or whatever and just like made it a little bit cleaner. But yeah, that's done. Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay. So if it's done, just send it to me. I'll use that for advertising.

Speaker B: Okay, yeah. And then so for communication of assets moving forward, show how. Because I think I've heard just a few times, sometimes Brittany sends you something but then you follow up for it and then she resends it. So I just want to make sure an email sending it when it's complete is the best way. Right. There's nowhere we're supposed to be loading it. Into or something.

Speaker C: Well, I didn't get the problem. Sorry.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm just wondering. I'm just making sure when we're sharing over the assets, when they're completed, our best method is to share them via email and let's let you know. Okay.

Speaker D: And not like. Because not notion is obviously not right. That's just for your notes, correct?

Speaker C: Yes, yes, yes. Just for me.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker C: All right. And you know what? For the forecast, I think we need to. It's time we need to look at the forecast of the two variety packs again because it's. It looks like it's now outdated. Will scale faster than what you thought. So would you like me to take a look at them before.

Speaker B: Yeah, if you could Go ahead. Yeah, go ahead and update it like already you said like on. On Canada here it's like immediately you want to bump it to like 1300. Right. So. So yeah, if you could bump that. And then you know what, Brittany, I think those two items we should also bump in the sales forecast too. Like Shoham's forecast. Take his numbers and put them into ours, whatever he comes up with. So we can do that next week. You said it'll be the two variety packs that you're changing.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: And do you think. I think the camelina oil is still pretty good.

Speaker C: And how about this? I was thinking that maybe we should set a better target forecast. Of course is going to set the target but rethink like what we can really scale to instead of just you know, increasing it to 1350 for every month afterwards. And how much can I do? Like can i2x or 2.5x in the next six months or 10 months, whatever it is.

Speaker B: I see. So and are you saying almost like a gross target? Like a target in terms of like how much monthly capacity can I pump about? So if is 1300 my max or can I go to 2 like on this next to go. Is that the question you would like to understand? Okay. Yes. And that is actually. That is literally the question I wrote down when I go into my. My production touch point this week is saying we are scaling. This is where we're at. I need to know how fast we can get to what we need today and how fast we can get to what we are going to need in the next six months. So yeah. And because. So for that show Home. Because does that. I guess that is. That specifically affects how much advertise where you spend your dollars in advertising what items. Right? Yeah.

Speaker C: Yes. And that's the next question. So I'd like to follow up on the question where I asked you if I'll have the autonomy to I look at 10% plus 1000 for the new Snack To Go.

Speaker B: So and those questions come together, I need to find out how fast can, what does the next six months look like in terms of speed? And as soon as that, as soon as we unlock like rapid growth for Amazon that will come with the budget increase. Like, those things have to go together.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. Because you know what, I'll tell you this right now. We did already more than 45,000 in the last 30 days. Days. And this item, the Snack To Go, is going to do about 1350 units. Right now I'm not even spending 10% on it, so it's getting diluted.

Speaker B: Oh, you're not Even spending the 10%?

Speaker C: No, because you can't like at. Because the budget is 4,000 plus 1,000 that you gave. Oh, 4,000 total. Right. So I, I actually overspent, by the way. It's already around 4600.

Speaker B: Okay, so you're saying I'm not even hitting my 10%. But meanwhile you have concerns about. Because the worst thing that can happen is you run out of stock because then you kind of have to rebuild. Right. Like, how does that.

Speaker C: True. That's also, that's also another concern. Yeah, you never want to run out of stock on Amazon. Yeah, yeah. But I think I'm confident that you, I mean, we, you internally will be able to handle that and will not run out of stock. I'm mostly thinking about growth and the budget.

Speaker B: Yes, yes, yes, me too. Okay. So I literally, I brought it as a priority objective for the next, for this quarter and next quarter to my leadership team, my executive team, saying I need to understand when I can unlock Amazon because it's ready. That was basically the question. And that means production wise and, and understanding profitability in terms of where we're at on these asins. So they have been tasked with it and I will chase that information and push hard on my end and I

Speaker C: don't want to keep following up every week. So it's okay. Timeline.

Speaker B: I appreciate, I appreciate the Hunger show home, but just know I am equally, I am equally hungry. Yeah, yeah, there. Yeah. Okay. So yes, I'll get more information, have

Speaker C: an answer like, how long will it take?

Speaker B: Yeah, I'll put it on. We have a follow up to our leadership meeting on Friday with some of the action items from our discussions last week. So there I will put just urgency behind knowing at the end of the day to the profitability thing show home. Like that's how I communicated it to them too is we, if we. I don't need to know that to. To open up budget and stuff like that. Like I find I want to know that this year so that we can put some options so that we can optimize. But right now the first thing I need to know is how can we production wise, how can we supply the demand and how fast can we supply the demand? Because I want to increase growth on Amazon. That's the first thing. As soon as I know that you will get your budget and then the profitability information might just come a little bit later, which is fine.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay.

Speaker B: Because my only question there was even the profitability at the end of the day I think there's going to be trade off. Like you're saying put it in a smaller box and optifies the fulfillment piece but then that just raises our costs on the operational. My question is do I need to price increase before I unlock to just know that my fulfillment fees are 35, 40% on these more complex items. Right. So that's where I, that's why I wanted to know from finance if I can know sooner, I'd like to price increase before I turn my budget on. That was kind of. Yeah.

Speaker C: And, and are you, are you still having any challenge when it comes to scaling in the usa? Are you still putting that holding on onto that or no.

Speaker B: So if you. And again we're not our items are not tariffs right now in the US but again that was part of my question too because I have a feeling where less our fees are higher in the US and everything and we're selling them at the same price. I think we're going to need a price increase in the US I just need to know what that is. So again in the meantime if you're like we just need that new snacks to go item in there anyways before you can even start spending the 10%. Right. Like. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: That is one question. And the price adjustment. Yes, these are the two things. So you're saying you're also open to adjusting the price there. Okay, good. That's good.

Speaker B: Yeah. Well again I'm telling them do I need to adjust the price? Because basically what I told them is get production figured out so that I can start selling more on Amazon. But meanwhile you need to fig prioritize also telling where we're profitable and whatnot. And they have priorities of every channel. What does Amazon look like? What does grow? What does loblaws look like? What does costco look like and what's our mix? So I just said, I just asked, can you prioritize Amazon in that mix?

Speaker C: Okay, I get that. That's good. Just to Clarify, in the US we are selling the snack to go at 29 in Canada. It's 29 Canadian. So what I was asking is you also want to adjust that price, lower that price basically in the U.S. right? You're okay with that?

Speaker B: No, my question is do I need to hire that price? Because I know it's 29 USD so we get all the. But. But it's way more expensive depending on how, depending on how profitable we are in making this item. It's way more expensive for us to ship and do business in the U.S. okay. And are we wanting to put some buffer in if there is some tariff implementations there? So yeah, I think the price would. The price will definitely not go down. It will only go up. Yeah.

Speaker C: All right. And then the last thing is about amc, it's Amazon marketing cloud. The basic things that I want to experiment with right now are creating audiences which is something that we never could do on Amazon. This is a very recent thing. So for example, we could create a lookalike audience based on let's say people who have purchased from us us in the last 365 days or purchase twice or more from us in the last 365 days and then layering those audiences in our campaigns. So I'm not saying we'll just replace the existing campaigns. We'll probably create duplicates of the same campaigns where the priority will be on testing these audiences, this lookalike audiences. How does that first of all sound like to you? And if it is okay, I would need your permission to set up AMC on your behalf because this is company's data that I'll have access to.

Speaker B: Okay, so so amc. So is there additional cost to doing that like with Amazon, are there more fees or like what does that look like?

Speaker C: No, I'm just included in this. So I'm just trying to again these are something probably I'll in the future provide them as add ons. But right now you know, I also need to see how effective they are and basically do my experiments. So I'm just going to offer this for free.

Speaker B: Okay. So this is basically creating another bucket of advertising. So like you have like your competitive ads, you have your product ads, keyword ads and now this is a lookalike audience like you do on.

Speaker C: So you have the keywords and then on top of that it will be layered in the audience will be layered in. So Amazon will now increase the bid or adjust the bid just for this audience whenever anyone from that audience searches for the keywords that we are targeting.

Speaker B: Okay. And so only. Only Amazon knows who that audience is or do you get like. Okay, I just keep trying to get people personal information. So yeah, I'm totally open to kind of looking at that. And so with that show home, will you. So you'll set that up and go. And then you'll share back in the next few weeks how well that's doing versus others. Or I'll see it in the dashboard. How will I see that?

Speaker C: No, no, you will not see that in the dashboard. Yeah, yeah. And it will probably take more than few weeks, but yes, maybe a month and a half or two months, we get to see what's happening. And as the next steps, I will initiate the process. On my end, I may need to send an email asking you, hey, are you okay with me accessing your Amazon data? You'll have to send me a confirmation so that I can then Amazon then approve me to access your data set.

Speaker B: Okay. So will I get that email to send you confirmation or Annabove, because he's on the.

Speaker C: Oh, I will. I will send you an email later on.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: You'll just have to respond saying that, yes, it's totally fine. I mean, just to approve it basically.

Speaker B: Okay. And then. Sorry, just one question I had about the ROAS reporting in our dashboard that is up to date every month. Right. Because in May it said the ROAS was $304 on the snacks to go new one. And now it's settled down at 950.

Speaker C: I'm just trying to look at which. Which one are you. Do you mind sharing your screen mean, first of all.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah. On Canada here.

Speaker C: Okay. Oh, okay. So in May, we didn't advertise at all, which is why almost didn't.

Speaker D: Oh, that's why.

Speaker B: Okay. So there was no money behind that one. Okay. And then these ones, I know that we're kind of like rash. These ones that were being rationalized we're not doing. So that's fine. Okay. So I just wanted to make sure. These are.

Speaker C: Yeah, these are. Yes, yes.

Speaker B: Okay. And this one even too. Hey, 35 bucks because we don't even have the. Okay,

Speaker D: perfect.

Speaker B: All right. Show hope. Thanks for that. Nice work.

Speaker C: Thank you. All right.

Speaker B: With more information about just volumes and stuff, I'll speak with Annaba and the Demand planning team. Yeah, great.

Speaker C: Thank you so much.

Speaker B: Have a great week.

Speaker C: Yeah, you too. Bye now.

