Transcript for: Recording__107.mp4
Title: Recording #107
============================================================

The marketing health, I guess of it is great. But I'm wondering if we can basically pull this all over to its own page. Okay, so let's talk about what you would, what specifically you would like to see. So the overall revenue, first of all. Right. I believe units and revenue is great. I like to always see quantities and revenues always together. Yeah. So units and revenues that will be there for the overall account and then you want to see this data. Just this data for every product. Yeah, yeah. And so this data is just in the units. Can we add the revenues as well? Because that then those revenues and the units will ladder up to your total business. Right. So they'll all add up to total business. So that when you change that is always reading. So I'm able to see total business revenues and, and the total business revenues based on your forecast as well. Because you're forecasting units, that's going to be a revenue number and then that's going to ladder up. So when overall, when somebody, I'm talking to someone really high level and I'm saying, hey, on Amazon CA, we're doing $50,000 a month, we're targeting a. Yeah, right. So it's a really high level data point that's extremely powerful. Right. So I want to be able to see total business quantity, revenue and then per unit. Yeah, sure. Yeah, we can totally do that. I'll try to figure out how I can do it with this Google sheet here. If I cannot. You need that data anyway. So I'll have to figure out what you're saying is you might not be able to do it in this dashboard. It might have to be a separate, just a separate file, file that or a separate tab. I will try to do that. I'll probably try to add a new tab and also ensure doing that doesn't mix up with the existing scripts and formulas. If it doesn't, then I will just add a tab here. If I cannot add one, then probably it will be separate. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, because yeah, I was kind of thinking, can you just go to one of your other tabs, for instance, like the box 1 or the check mark? Which one? I was just going through these the other day and I was like, these are the product you have like just the picture, the SKU or whatever. And then. Yeah, it'd be nice to just see this would be on one page where I'm able to just see the three items for each and it all ladders up to a total. Right, right. Not the three item, but you're able to see like, so this would just be an example. I'm not saying it has to be this one, but. Oh, chocolate. Oh, now I see chocolate actuals forecast, you know, in quantities and revenues. Salad topper actuals forecast quantities, revenues. But then all of those are just laddering up to the total business actuals and revenues. So I see all my tiered data points and I just have to go to one sheet and I can see the trend. Sure. Yeah. Okay. So you want to see that overall actual business and also the forecasted business. The. In terms of revenue. That's also. Yeah, okay. All right. So yeah, and I'm trying to. I could probably break it out. I could probably go to like, could probably find an example. And then. Because if we're doing actual actual to forecast or forecast to actuals, ideally there is also one line that's calculating the growth or the hit and the miss. Right. Like, I know we can manually do that, but it'd be good to see the hit and the miss. And again, it's giving me an area to go or anyone if I were to share this with even like someone as high level as Susie. Right. To go in and identify where we're really healthy and where we're having challenges. Right. And you'd be able to see it like just immediately. Right. And then. Cause then we can start diving in because we'll be all of a sudden seeing hey, you know, snacks to go is like, you know, like growing this fast. We need to do something about that with production. Or we'll see. Like, why is all of a sudden this item was doing so well. Why all of a sudden is it not. And then we start diving deeper into those. Those things. But yeah, if I could see it on one page and I can try and send you just an example so that you can visually understand what I'm trying to see. Sure. And would you want to see the difference in terms of quantity or percentage? Percentage is probably. I think percentage is the better. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Okay. Appreciate that. I'll try to do. Okay. And then the, the other sort of macro thing, you, you were starting to put roas in here. And I do like the roas. You remember you put the ROAS target because you were saying a healthy roas target was 10 or something. And then we were tracking against that again, it just gives me a. For now we're sitting at 10. I'm not saying that's the healthy one. Probably we should increase. Okay. For now it is the one we can get healthier. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Probably I'LL ask for more. Yeah, okay. More money. I mean, less rewards. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So if you could take a crack at that, that would be really amazing because again, like you're seeing like how Natasha was explaining there too. Their forecasting is done on historicals. Yes. We need to move that. And so I want this dashboard to turn into our communication tool where everybody's looking at the same information. Yeah. You don't need to see this much data. That is all you need everything organized, just the high level data so you can. Yeah. So I love this detail because this is our strategy discussion and we're seeing the marketing detail and the, the, the KPIs here in terms of the performance of the ads and all that. But I'm more thinking just business revenues and forecasting. How do I just summarize all that somewhere? So when we're talking about literally just revenues and forecasting, it's one place to look at instead of having to tab every unit. Yep. Okay. Yeah, So make a note there. So that's a takeaway for you. And if you just take a crack at it, if you have questions and if I have something that I can send, I'll make a note here. Sure. It might have something. Okay. Okay. So that's that. And then maybe while we're in the dashboard, I know we only have 10 more minutes. Was there anything I. You wanted to just highlight in terms of any of the items? Show home. Like, I know we wanted to look at the snacks to go there because my biggest question was like, oh, are we on track to hit that 800? And you're saying we're actually going to overshoot it likely this month? Yes, we are probably going to do that. Yeah. Let's see. Yeah. So one more thing was the. Oh, and I think you're sharing the wrong screen. I just see you. Okay. The video ads, that's something that we need to discuss. But I have sent you all the information in this email. Yeah, I think it would be better if you take a look at them first and then if you have any questions we can discuss about, discuss that. Okay. Yeah. And I want to talk to Brittany, I want to talk to Lindsay about her ability to do that and then we'll maybe I'll definitely can put it in like for our rebrand because this is the thing to show home is because we have our rebrand look that will launch. So hopefully our graphic designer can do some of this for us and then we can get another one done when we do the, the new look. Okay. And you're saying you want this currently for the Camelina oil to start? No. Okay. Snacks to go. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Because we could also put it to like upwork or something like that. Right. It looks pretty straightforward. It is very straightforward. The motion graphic ones. Yeah. If you look at these. Please do look at these examples. I'm not suggesting we do exactly what I have shown here, but they. Yeah, I saw the protein. I opened the protein 1 and looked at it and I was like, well, this can't be that hard to make. It's just words and really nice visuals that would have you just pull off the pack the visuals and put them in motion. Okay. But I say it's easy. I know. Especially. I know. And it would take all the time. Okay, so snacks. We go. See, see, Show Home examples. Video examples. Okay. So you know what? I had another question for you. Show Home. Because this came up, we're speaking with our finance team. We're having just some mapping issues into Amazon where sometimes how it's pulling into our sales internally isn't how it's reflected on Amazon. And so we were discussing. And what she pointed out was because when she reports her sales to us, she takes the actual sales from Amazon and then she deducts any returns on that item. Yeah. And in January on Snacks to Go, there was like 50 returns. 50 returns? Yeah. So. And again, I have to. I have to set up a call with her and say like, that seems high. Is that right? But very high. I think she. Are you. The returns? Yes. Well, I have to dig in, which I forgot which report it is exactly. But yes, you get to see that. Okay. Yeah. Because this might be. Sorry, Alicia followed up to that email saying she. There's only two returns. Okay. What Show Home can see then in the last month. So. Sorry, what do you mean, so she's saying there's only two returns. 50 number. I didn't. Because the actual sales in Amazon were 721. And she. She reported 671. Oh, that's where I saw the 50 because she was saying it was Amazon sales minus returns equals what I report on. So that's why she needs to define what is a return that she's deducting. Okay. I think still there must be something broken that her original number because she said she only deducted two. So something's still wrong. Yeah. So we have to have a call to show home, but I was just wondering what you can see in the back end or like, if there is a healthy industry standard of like, how many returns you typically see? Because a return definition to me is the customer complains and is reimbursed or actually sends it back. Right, yeah, yeah. I mean, I, I can give you some examples, but I honestly don't have a. An industry benchmark. But what I have seen is for many products, it will probably be 1, 2%, 3%, maybe even 5% is very high. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So I'll speak with our finance team because something's not. I just need to understand what she's deducting there because her reports are not the same as the actuals that we're looking at. So that's again, just why this dashboard is so important, because we're working off the actuals that are happening Amazon, where meanwhile my finance team is deducting, like putting in the actual deductions and stuff. So it's not the same numbers, it's not the same data. Right, yeah. Let me tell you what may have happened. Probably your finance team is looking at the transactions report. So that's different from the business report. But the difference shouldn't be that much. It could be maybe 10, 20 units out of 720 units. Because of the dates, how it gets reported on. The transaction is different. Yeah, exactly. It shouldn't be that high. Yeah. And because I even noticed so because we were looking at the actual Amazon, even to your dashboard, even the actuals like in previous months that you have here, they're like within sometimes two to five units. So that might be a timing thing. Yeah, well, that changes. I don't know. Maybe it could be because of returns. It gets adjusted. So if you, let's say, look at February's data. February's data. Right. After February, you'll see more than what you will see one month after. Right? Oh, yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's super helpful. So, yeah, we'll have a call with them just on that because. Okay. Okay. So the video ads was one thing. And then I know you're working on the Camelina oil page audit. Just let us know when you're ready to present strategy on that. Yes. So you know what I was thinking? You have so many snacks, snack products, we'll eventually end up working on all of them. And Camelina is a little bit different. Now when I worked on snack to go, Barely pack. I need to work from scratch. Right. But now that that has been done, when you work on the other snack listings, I'll try to leverage what I have done before. So I'll send you a different quote for that. It will Be lower. Way lower. And for Camlina, it will also be a bit different. So I'll think about it and then propose something. Okay. Okay. Okay. Because you're saying. Okay. Yeah. Okay, Gotcha. Yeah. So send me what you there because. And then keep in mind, on the snacks, kind of the snacks, like, we're depleting some of those, right. So likely we'll need to decide on the standing. But they'll only be the two snacks to go, which. The one you kind of already have because it's very similar. Right. A new one, basically. And then we'll have. At the end of the day, when all the caddies are gone, the chocolate is gone, we make a decision on salad topper. We'll only have three pouch varieties. Fava beans, chickpeas, lentils. Yeah. Yes. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, great. All right. I guess. So I think. Brittany, do we need to talk about the meeting next week? Because we have a conflict. Oh, I cannot. I won't be available next week, by the way. I'm traveling. Okay. That's when you're traveling. We were trying to figure that out. Okay. Okay. So why don't we just email any updates? So show home if you've been able to work in the dashboard a little bit. If you can just send me a note next week letting me know that we can take a look at what's there, that would be great. We'll speak to Annabelle about the inventory, and he'll reach out if he has any questions there. But otherwise, I guess we'll just. Okay. What week are we getting? We're looking at the 27th. Can't happen. So now we're looking at April 3rd. Next time we meet. Yes. Okay. Okay. All righty. All right. Thank you very much. Yeah, thank you. I'll see you. Bye. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: The marketing health, I guess of it is great. But I'm wondering if we can basically pull this all over to its own page.

Speaker B: Okay, so let's talk about what you would, what specifically you would like to see. So the overall revenue, first of all. Right.

Speaker A: I believe units and revenue is great. I like to always see quantities and revenues always together.

Speaker B: Yeah. So units and revenues that will be there for the overall account and then you want to see this data. Just this data for every product. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: And so this data is just in the units. Can we add the revenues as well? Because that then those revenues and the units will ladder up to your total business. Right. So they'll all add up to total business. So that when you change that is always reading. So I'm able to see total business revenues and, and the total business revenues based on your forecast as well. Because you're forecasting units, that's going to be a revenue number and then that's going to ladder up. So when overall, when somebody, I'm talking to someone really high level and I'm saying, hey, on Amazon CA, we're doing $50,000 a month, we're targeting a. Yeah, right. So it's a really high level data point that's extremely powerful.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: So I want to be able to see total business quantity, revenue and then per unit.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. Yeah, we can totally do that. I'll try to figure out how I can do it with this Google sheet here. If I cannot. You need that data anyway. So I'll have to figure out what

Speaker A: you're saying is you might not be able to do it in this dashboard. It might have to be a separate, just a separate file, file that or a separate tab.

Speaker B: I will try to do that. I'll probably try to add a new tab and also ensure doing that doesn't mix up with the existing scripts and formulas. If it doesn't, then I will just add a tab here. If I cannot add one, then probably it will be separate.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, because yeah, I was kind of thinking, can you just go to one of your other tabs, for instance, like the box 1 or the check mark? Which one? I was just going through these the other day and I was like, these are the product you have like just the picture, the SKU or whatever. And then. Yeah, it'd be nice to just see this would be on one page where I'm able to just see the three items for each and it all ladders up to a total. Right, right. Not the three item, but you're able to see like, so this would just be an example. I'm not saying it has to be this one, but. Oh, chocolate. Oh, now I see chocolate actuals forecast, you know, in quantities and revenues. Salad topper actuals forecast quantities, revenues. But then all of those are just laddering up to the total business actuals and revenues. So I see all my tiered data points and I just have to go to one sheet and I can see the trend.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah. Okay. So you want to see that overall actual business and also the forecasted business. The. In terms of revenue. That's also.

Speaker A: Yeah, okay.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker A: So yeah, and I'm trying to. I could probably break it out. I could probably go to like, could probably find an example. And then. Because if we're doing actual actual to forecast or forecast to actuals, ideally there is also one line that's calculating the growth or the hit and the miss. Right. Like, I know we can manually do that, but it'd be good to see the hit and the miss. And again, it's giving me an area to go or anyone if I were to share this with even like someone as high level as Susie. Right. To go in and identify where we're really healthy and where we're having challenges. Right. And you'd be able to see it like just immediately. Right. And then. Cause then we can start diving in because we'll be all of a sudden seeing hey, you know, snacks to go is like, you know, like growing this fast. We need to do something about that with production. Or we'll see. Like, why is all of a sudden this item was doing so well. Why all of a sudden is it not. And then we start diving deeper into those. Those things. But yeah, if I could see it on one page and I can try and send you just an example so that you can visually understand what I'm trying to see.

Speaker B: Sure. And would you want to see the difference in terms of quantity or percentage?

Speaker A: Percentage is probably. I think percentage is the better. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, sure.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Appreciate that.

Speaker B: I'll try to do.

Speaker A: Okay. And then the, the other sort of macro thing, you, you were starting to put roas in here. And I do like the roas. You remember you put the ROAS target because you were saying a healthy roas target was 10 or something. And then we were tracking against that again, it just gives me a.

Speaker B: For now we're sitting at 10. I'm not saying that's the healthy one. Probably we should increase.

Speaker A: Okay. For now it is the one we can get healthier.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: Probably I'LL ask for more.

Speaker A: Yeah, okay.

Speaker B: More money. I mean, less rewards.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So if you could take a crack at that, that would be really amazing because again, like you're seeing like how Natasha was explaining there too. Their forecasting is done on historicals.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: We need to move that. And so I want this dashboard to turn into our communication tool where everybody's looking at the same information.

Speaker B: Yeah. You don't need to see this much data. That is all you need everything organized, just the high level data so you can.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I love this detail because this is our strategy discussion and we're seeing the marketing detail and the, the, the KPIs here in terms of the performance of the ads and all that. But I'm more thinking just business revenues and forecasting. How do I just summarize all that somewhere? So when we're talking about literally just revenues and forecasting, it's one place to look at instead of having to tab every unit. Yep.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah,

Speaker B: So

Speaker A: make a note there. So that's a takeaway for you. And if you just take a crack at it, if you have questions and if I have something that I can send, I'll make a note here.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: It might have something. Okay. Okay. So that's that. And then maybe while we're in the dashboard, I know we only have 10 more minutes. Was there anything I. You wanted to just highlight in terms of any of the items? Show home. Like, I know we wanted to look at the snacks to go there because my biggest question was like, oh, are we on track to hit that 800? And you're saying we're actually going to overshoot it likely this month?

Speaker B: Yes, we are probably going to do that. Yeah. Let's see. Yeah. So one more thing was the.

Speaker A: Oh, and I think you're sharing the wrong screen. I just see you.

Speaker B: Okay. The video ads, that's something that we need to discuss. But I have sent you all the information in this email. Yeah, I think it would be better if you take a look at them first and then if you have any questions we can discuss about, discuss that.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. And I want to talk to Brittany, I want to talk to Lindsay about her ability to do that and then we'll maybe I'll definitely can put it in like for our rebrand because this is the thing to show home is because we have our rebrand look that will launch. So hopefully our graphic designer can do some of this for us and then we can get another one done when we do the, the new look.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And you're saying you want this currently for the Camelina oil to start?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: Okay. Snacks to go.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Because we could also put it to like upwork or something like that. Right. It looks pretty straightforward.

Speaker B: It is very straightforward. The motion graphic ones.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: If you look at these. Please do look at these examples. I'm not suggesting we do exactly what I have shown here, but they.

Speaker A: Yeah, I saw the protein. I opened the protein 1 and looked at it and I was like, well, this can't be that hard to make. It's just words and really nice visuals that would have you just pull off the pack the visuals and put them in motion. Okay. But I say it's easy. I know. Especially. I know. And it would take all the time. Okay, so snacks.

Speaker B: We go.

Speaker A: See, see, Show Home examples. Video examples. Okay. So you know what? I had another question for you. Show Home. Because this came up, we're speaking with our finance team. We're having just some mapping issues into Amazon where sometimes how it's pulling into our sales internally isn't how it's reflected on Amazon. And so we were discussing. And what she pointed out was because when she reports her sales to us, she takes the actual sales from Amazon and then she deducts any returns on that item.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And in January on Snacks to Go, there was like 50 returns.

Speaker B: 50 returns?

Speaker A: Yeah. So. And again, I have to. I have to set up a call with her and say like, that seems high. Is that right?

Speaker B: But very high.

Speaker A: I think she. Are you. The returns?

Speaker B: Yes. Well, I have to dig in, which I forgot which report it is exactly. But yes, you get to see that.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Because this might be. Sorry, Alicia followed up to that email saying she. There's only two returns. Okay. What Show Home can see then in the last month. So. Sorry, what do you mean, so she's saying there's only two returns. 50 number. I didn't. Because the actual sales in Amazon were 721. And she. She reported 671. Oh, that's where I saw the 50 because she was saying it was Amazon sales minus returns equals what I report on. So that's why she needs to define what is a return that she's deducting. Okay. I think still there must be something broken that her original number because she said she only deducted two. So something's still wrong. Yeah. So we have to have a call to show home, but I was just wondering what you can see in the back end or like, if there is a healthy industry standard of like, how many returns you typically see? Because a return definition to me is the customer complains and is reimbursed or actually sends it back.

Speaker B: Right, yeah, yeah. I mean, I, I can give you some examples, but I honestly don't have a. An industry benchmark. But what I have seen is for many products, it will probably be 1, 2%, 3%, maybe even 5% is very high.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So I'll speak with our finance team because something's not. I just need to understand what she's deducting there because her reports are not the same as the actuals that we're looking at. So that's again, just why this dashboard is so important, because we're working off the actuals that are happening Amazon, where meanwhile my finance team is deducting, like putting in the actual deductions and stuff. So it's not the same numbers, it's not the same data. Right, yeah.

Speaker B: Let me tell you what may have happened. Probably your finance team is looking at the transactions report. So that's different from the business report. But the difference shouldn't be that much. It could be maybe 10, 20 units out of 720 units. Because of the dates, how it gets reported on. The transaction is different. Yeah, exactly. It shouldn't be that high.

Speaker A: Yeah. And because I even noticed so because we were looking at the actual Amazon, even to your dashboard, even the actuals like in previous months that you have here, they're like within sometimes two to five units. So that might be a timing thing.

Speaker B: Yeah, well, that changes. I don't know. Maybe it could be because of returns. It gets adjusted. So if you, let's say, look at February's data. February's data. Right. After February, you'll see more than what you will see one month after.

Speaker A: Right? Oh, yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. That's super helpful. So, yeah, we'll have a call with them just on that because. Okay. Okay. So the video ads was one thing. And then I know you're working on the Camelina oil page audit. Just let us know when you're ready to present strategy on that.

Speaker B: Yes. So you know what I was thinking? You have so many snacks, snack products, we'll eventually end up working on all of them. And Camelina is a little bit different. Now when I worked on snack to go, Barely pack. I need to work from scratch. Right. But now that that has been done, when you work on the other snack listings, I'll try to leverage what I have done before. So I'll send you a different quote for that. It will Be lower. Way lower. And for Camlina, it will also be a bit different. So I'll think about it and then propose something.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Okay. Because you're saying. Okay. Yeah. Okay, Gotcha. Yeah. So send me what you there because. And then keep in mind, on the snacks, kind of the snacks, like, we're depleting some of those, right. So likely we'll need to decide on the standing. But they'll only be the two snacks to go, which. The one you kind of already have because it's very similar. Right. A new one, basically. And then we'll have. At the end of the day, when all the caddies are gone, the chocolate is gone, we make a decision on salad topper. We'll only have three pouch varieties. Fava beans, chickpeas, lentils. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yes. All right.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, great. All right. I guess. So I think. Brittany, do we need to talk about the meeting next week? Because we have a conflict.

Speaker B: Oh, I cannot. I won't be available next week, by the way. I'm traveling.

Speaker A: Okay. That's when you're traveling. We were trying to figure that out. Okay. Okay. So why don't we just email any updates? So show home if you've been able to work in the dashboard a little bit. If you can just send me a note next week letting me know that we can take a look at what's there, that would be great. We'll speak to Annabelle about the inventory, and he'll reach out if he has any questions there. But otherwise, I guess we'll just. Okay. What week are we getting? We're looking at the 27th. Can't happen. So now we're looking at April 3rd. Next time we meet.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. All righty.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker A: Thank you very much.

Speaker B: Yeah, thank you. I'll see you.

Speaker A: Bye.

Speaker B: Bye.

