Transcript for: Recording__35 (1).mp4
Title: Recording #351
============================================================

Foreign. What's up, everyone? What's up? What's up? Welcome to day three. This is hump day. This is hump day. After today's over, we're officially halfway done with the profitable PPC challenge. Man, that went fast. I mean, hey, we're not there yet. Still hump day. I'm not gonna get sad, but I'm having a lot of fun with you guys. This is awesome. It's so intense. We were just talking before this that somebody said in the chat, like, is there life outside the PVC challenge? I can't remember what group that was, but the answer for me is certainly no. This challenge is like my every waking moment focus throughout this whole week. So, guys, give me some love in the chat. How are we feeling this morning? We're feeling okay. Feeling groggy, overwhelmed, or good or bad? Little check in. Okay, I see. Great. Let's go. Smiley face. What's up, Tanya Terry. Nice Lake. And Susan Alvaro. All right. What up, guys? What up, guys? Let's rock and roll. Let's rock and roll. Looks like most people are feeling good, overwhelmed. Okay, Jennifer. Fair enough. Caffeinated. Same here. I got the green tea, always ready to go on lock. Plus the water gotta stay hydrated. Today's gonna be, I mean, I say this every day, right? I feel like, you know, the boy who cried wolf at this point. But today is going to be a jam packed day because we've got a lot to cover and a really exciting topic. This is an awesome, awesome day. I feel like the past few days I've been telling a lot of you guys, just wait till day three for certain things. And also day four, also day five actually. They're all really, really exciting, really packed days, but I'm ready to rock and roll. So let's get this started with three. Three minutes in. Looks like there's still a few people who need to join. This is. I gotta make a little PSA before I share my screen. And we start up. And that is if you're for some reason not getting the emails with the links or God forbid you're not in Telegram somehow and you've somehow dodged the mods, email hellophysociety.com to get back in and. Or check your spam box or just search Chris Rawlings or Sophie Society in your email inbox. Because sometimes it gets filtered and sent to promotions or sent to spam automatically by the email gods. Who knows how they make their decisions. But check that if you're. If you think you're not getting emails because we got a few people coming in. Like, I didn't get the handouts, I didn't get the emails. The emails are definitely going out to everybody. You just got to check different folders in your inbox. You know, Apple's got the new privacy rules, automatically marks emails as read and stuff like that. So just make sure you do that. Cool. All right, let's rock and roll, guys. I'm going to share my screen and I'm just going to ask you to let me know if you're seeing this. Fine. So can you guys see this? Okay, should be able to see this. Thumbs up. Good. Nice. Everyone's seeing it. Everyone's hearing me. That's great. A lot of engagement in the chat today. That's good, that's good. I was a little worried that after last night some of you guys would be like low energy from the homework. We'll get into that. So. All right, day three, guys. So today the major focus is on that middle Amazon product life cycle stage. So the expand stage we're going to go through the campaign structure. For the expand stage. We're not going to be able to go really deep into the setup of every different type of campaign. But your handout for today is the expansion campaign structured credit card deck. So you'll be able to review this tonight and that'll be one of the, one of the actions for today. But we have a much more interesting and engaging and immediately actionable topic to cover today which is going deep into sponsored brands. So we're going to go really deep into sponsored brands, video ads, custom image ads, keyword family, targeted creative. It's going to be a great day. We have organic shielding, paid shielding, and you'll find out what that is in a little bit. But this is going to be another immediately actionable thing that you guys can do right away. And we'll go into split testing. So this day, and I think I actually have a specific slide on this, so I won't harp on this, but this day is super powerful. If any of you guys feel like you're not math people, quote unquote some, you know, with all the bids and budgets and negations and stuff, PPC feels like a really like logical, sort of programmatic, mathematical type of left brain thing. This is the right brain side of things. And if you feel like you're quote unquote not a math person or you get like that girl in the meme where all the formulas are like and she's just like glassy eyed, if you're like that, that meme girl. Someone's got to drop that meme. I know someone knows what I'm talking about. If you know what meme I'm talking about with a girl, her eyes are all glassy and there's just like formulas and math and she's just like nothing. Someone's got to drop that meme. If you're that focus on today super hard. I mean, everyone is going to get ridiculous value out of today. But if that's you, today is like specially just for you. Yeah, that's the girl. That's the girl. Alex just dropped it in the chat. Yeah, man, that's, that's the one. Just calculating, trying to understand all the math, all the bids and budgets, man, you know, that'd make a good, a good video for the next challenge. I'm gonna have to do that. But yeah, today is the right brain day, the more creative side of things. And what's really exciting about today is you can use some of the strategies that we talk about today to transcend the, the game that you're stuck in. Sometimes in PPC you can get stuck in a smaller and smaller box. Oh, getting like, you know, I'm barely breaking even with these ads and I'm barely maintaining my rank and I'm barely being able to convert enough to compete with these low priced factory direct competitors. And I have less and less targets that I can really profitably target. This is one of those ways you just step out of the whole game and just enter a game that you get to create, which is really, really cool and really powerful. And I'm going to share some examples with you guys of how we do this and very simple step by step formulas for how you can do it. So let's rock and roll. Couple recognitions. So some, I mean, this is a really great group. I gotta say. This is definitely one of our best cohorts. It's super active, super engaged. The brand owners that I'm encountering with you guys are really strong brand owners with really strong, really, really awesome brands. Questions are great. Oh, there' dumb questions. Right? But they're really great conversations happening in the office hours. So this is a great cohort, but some of you guys are really stepping up and super active. So just to recognize these guys in the Kings, Kia, Chris, Josh, Vera, Michael, Marcus, Stephen, Akash and Sergey. You guys are absolutely killing it. Epic Kings. Hats off to you. My salute. I would night you if we had the time, but we got a jam. Knights. Sindisha, Katie, Sarah, Maddie, Christy, Julie. Jamil. Tiffany, Samantha, Lakin, Tara, Tammy, Joan, Graciela, Tadra, Tadara, Kara, Samantha, Samantha, H, Julie, Mark, Jeremy, Kevin, Hope, Julie, Serenimo, Maria, Son, Brandy, Christy, Zane, Cappy, and Annalise. I want to recognize you guys. Did my best on those names. Some of them are hard. I got a really easy one. Chris, probably like Chris and Muhammad might be like the two most common names like on the, in the entire planet. So anyways, hats off to you guys. Salute you. You guys are super active, super engaged. Thank you for helping each other out, for asking good questions, starting good conversations, showing up to the office hours. You guys are absolutely excellent and definitely epitomizing the vibe that I, that I envision for this event. So let's rock actions from last night. So you guys got the search term processor last night, the keyword aggregator last night, and the launch deck. So I want to get a little feedback from you guys. So open up the chat. How did you find the actions? Were you able to take them? Did you get stuck on anything? Mentors are active in the chat right now, so I want to get some feedback from you guys. What you found most valuable. Were you able to run the search term processor with your search term report? Did you do your keyword research and segregate it by keyword family? Did you get stuck anywhere and were you able to review the launch deck? And did you have any questions on that? You want to make sure to resolve all this. So whatever your, your feedback is, whether it's great feedback and you're like, yeah, it rocked, it really blew my mind that I definitely want to hear that. That's great. Or it's, I got stuck here, I got stuck there. I can use some guidance on this or that. We want to hear that too, so that the mentors can help out. So. Oh, and by the way, just so we know who's who, I said this yesterday, but make sure your zoom name is the same as your telegram name or the same as the name that you, you registered for the challenge with so that we know who's who. Otherwise we can't, we can't connect the, the people. So make sure to do that. So, yeah, give me feedback on that. Guys, I'm reviewing this. Obviously I can't read all of your comments immediately, but the point of the mentors, that's the point of the mentors. So I'll jump in afterwards, but I want to hear your feedback. The search term. So the keyword aggregator. This is a super powerful tool. You know, we gave you a short video, actually recorded by our man and Sophie family member Philip, who actually formatted this whole sheet and I think did an absolutely fantastic job on this. The video was like the minimum viable implementation of this. But you can go really deep. That's why we included more columns. And you can add even more if you have more keyword sources. Like if you're a design based product and you're riding a trend that's only just now hitting Amazon, you might want more off Amazon sources. You might even want Etsy or something like that, right? So you can add more columns as you need them. But the point is to just do one implementation of this, the minimum viable implementation of this and the critical output of this is your keywords segregated by family or shopper intent. That's what we want, is the output of this. So this is one of the most critical actions of the entire challenge because of the fact that so much of all the other content that we cover, this is a requirement for including the content that we're going over today. So if you haven't been able to segregate your campaigns by shopper intent or by keyword family, give it another try or type in the chat where you're getting hung up so we can help you get there. And once you get there, everything else is going to become easier, including taking action on this, the Search Term report processor that we gave you guys. So for those of you guys that are not super Excel wizards or spreadsheet wizards, this is called a pivot table. You can make it yourself. But we're, we gave you this just so that you don't even have to know how to make one. All you have to do is upload your Search Term report and you get the insights so you can see all the data for each of your campaigns, including click through rate data, which is the really critical component that touches on everything we're talking about today. But everything else, click through rate data, ACOS data, percent of spend. So you can see that on a campaign level and on a keyword level within each campaign. Now this one, this was actually put together by one of your mentors, another one of your mentors, Richard, another beloved member of our Sophie family over here. Absolute beast. He's actually going to be with me in the room for the office hours. So those of you guys that are in my room, you're going to get to hang with me and Richard today, which is awesome. I think Tomas is going to be in there too. So it's going to be a really good room. So I hope you guys got value out of this? I'd love to get some feedback from you on this. Did you find value out of it? If you got insights, what insights were they? Did you take action from the insights? Let me know in the chat. Give us, give me a little bit of feedback and if you got stuck or hung up anywhere, let us know where. This is something that you'll want to keep with you bookmarked in your, in your tab, you know, permanently, because it's an easy, quick, fast way for you to get insights from your search term reports. That's one of the top requests and questions that we get is how do I read my reports? What reports should I read? And the search term report isn't the only report that matters, but it is one of the most important ones and one of the best ways to get really deep insights. Now I kept this really simple for you guys, but Richard has actually designed for Sophie that we use on the back end a report that's much more advanced. This is the advanced processor. Now this processor requires three reports. A business report, a sponsored product, search term report, and a sponsored product advertised product report. It takes a little bit longer to put together, but it's only, I mean, maybe if it takes you two minutes to generate the one search term report. For the normal search term processor, this might take you six or seven minutes to generate all these reports. So it's not that much more work. But what you get is nothing short of amazing. And this is what we use, you know, professionals that are running eight figure accounts, and we've even run nine figure accounts. This analyzes things not by a campaign by campaign level, but a product by product level. And within the products, a keyword by keyword level. And it aggregates all the keywords, no matter what campaign they're in. So the keyword data isn't just the keyword from that campaign and how it's performing, it's the keyword as a whole across all campaigns and how that performs, which is insanely powerful to get this data, especially the click through rate data, the conversion rate data specific to keyword. I mean, there's so much you can do with that, it's unbelievable. And some of it is what we're actually going to get into today. So the reason we didn't give you guys this is because there's more places you could possibly get hung up. And we wanted to keep it as simple as possible so you could get immediate insights, right? And this is already very powerful way to get insights. The search term processor you guys have, but the advanced Processor is. I mean there's no way to get better insights than this no matter what software you have or you know, I mean there are softwares that cost hundreds of dollars per month just to give you this type of level of insights into your ads because there's no other way to aggregate it. So you'll have an opportunity to get this advanced processor if you want it tomorrow. I'll tell you guys how. But I just wanted to, you know, introduce it here and also recognize Richard for putting it together. Our boy genius here or not here across the pond, he's actually in London, I'm in New Jersey so. But yeah. So let's rock and roll guys. Day three, Hump day. This is the expansion day. So this is where we're getting into sponsored brand ads. And it's also from a campaign perspective where a lot of ad types get spun up, shielding ads get spun up, sponsored display ad starts become part of the picture and a lot of your expected metrics change. And I'm going to actually just quickly screen share through this part of the Amazon product life cycle so that we get ourselves on the same page here. So yesterday we were here, right? Launch day, launch day tacos 20 to 50 percentage of sales from PPC 50 to 90 ad spend breakdown was 70% sponsored products, 30% sponsored brands. Now all of these metrics change in the expansion phase once we're no longer losing money and we're trying to gain rank while also being profitable we and get, you know, more ranking spots and expand our, our sales. Our percentage of sales from PPC will be 30 to 50%. Our tacos will be somewhere between 10 and 20%. Our ads bound spend breakdown will be something along the lines of 50 sponsored products, 45 sponsored brands and 5% sponsored display. Again guys, there's variance in this depending on category, how many brand assets you have and all that. But hopefully after today's sessions you guys do get closer to this because the sponsored brand ad portion of things super powerful. So you could be in this from half a year to years and you're gaining market share, increasing the effectiveness of your ads and spinning up a lot of new types of ads. Some of the main changes and like I said, you guys are going to get the whole deck as your handout today. But some of the main changes is you're putting in place brand shielding with every ad type, Sponsored brand product collection ads, sponsored brand video ads, you're starting to test out, retargeting at least towards the the end stages. Once you're well into this phase, more expanded product targeting, more self targeted product placement ads that are like direct, instant retargeting. And the balance of the four different goals looks more like this. Whereas in the launch phase it looks more like this. A lot of our campaigns are rank, some of them are discovery as well, and very little performance and shielding campaigns. Now we're moving to a campaign structure that looks a little more like this. We've still got plenty of ranking campaigns, but now we have a good amount of performance campaigns, shielding campaigns, and we're still running the discovery campaigns as well. So it's a little bit more balanced between the four different types of goals that you have. So, all right, let's rock back into this and get into the juicy stuff now. Yeah. So four different goals. This is what we were just talking about. Once you get into the expansion phase, you go from mostly just these two goals to all four. Right. So the refresher rank is campaigns with the sole purpose of driving rank for a keyword. Profit is you're trying to run efficient sales, you're minimizing a cost. Shielding is you're protecting your brand from your own native placements. That means your own listing placements and your own branded keywords, meaning someone's typing your brand looking for you. You don't want someone else advertising there. And when someone's already on your listing, you also don't want someone advertising there. They're already there, you want them to buy. And research is campaigns that produce you data. Targeting data mostly, but also data like look back periods, what creatives are working? Well, there are campaigns where you're figuring out what works so that you can create a profit performance campaign, rank campaign. So that's the point here. All right, before we jump into creative stuff, a little overview because so we have this tool called the tree of potential that those of you guys that have been to previous challenges, you've seen. And the Tree of potential was a thread through all days of the challenge and previous challenges. But we found that people got a little overwhelmed by it. What it is is one big frame chart that shows you all possible campaign configuration structures. It shows every bidding strategy, every creative, every placement, every landing, every targeting, everything for every type of campaign. So you could trace through it like a map exactly what campaigns you've tried and which ones you haven't. And I find it extremely valuable. And we may or may not be including it as a post challenge asset for you guys. It depends on how interested you are. Actually. I'll do a poll or something. Let me know if that sounds interesting to you, but the reason that we backed off of it is because people are getting a little overwhelmed by it because you could see so much, which I love. But for some people, it overwhelms them. So I put together this little graphic that's just super simplified, which tells you everything you can control in any kind of ad on Amazon. It's just five things you control. What you're targeting is, so are you targeting an asin, Are you targeting a keyword, are you targeting a category, are you targeting an audience? Or are you retargeting? It's the only options, right? So that means who's going to see your ad? Then you can choose where they land. So for some ads, it defaults to the product detail page. In fact, most ads, it defaults to the product detail page. But that's not the only place that they land. When. When shoppers click your ad, they can also land on a custom landing page, which you can put together and sponsor brand ads. We'll talk about it today. Or they can land on your storefront when they click your ad. So there's three different places that they can land, and you get to select that. Then you're selecting your placement. Do you want to show up top of search? Do you want to show up rest of search, or do you want to show up on product pages? Those are three different places. And you can't directly control this, but you can influence it. Then you are controlling the bidding strategy. Do you allow Amazon to adjust the bid up and down from your starting bid? Or do you make the max bid and then have Amazon just lower the bid whenever it can? Or do you create a fixed bid every time? That's bidding strategy. There are other ones as well besides these three that we'll get into today. And then finally, for some ads, like the ones we're talking about today, you control the creative. What image do they see, what text do they read, and what video do they watch? So these are the only things you can control. When you see it in one view like this, it's not so overwhelming, right? This is. This is it. There's nothing else. And then of course, there's your bid and budget that I have at the bottom there. Those are inputs, and we talked about how to calculate those yesterday. So that's it. You know, really, when you see it like this, it doesn't seem as complicated. PBC really tends to get people super overwhelmed. And I remember being overwhelmed, you know, when I was really trying to wrap my head around it. And when you look at it like this. Really not so overwhelming, right? This is it. There's no other knobs and dials besides this. They're all here. You're looking at them, right? So really helps put things in perspective here. Now we're going to get into Sponsored Brand ads now and Custom Creative. So I'm going to do a quick placement review with you guys so that we know where these are showing up. So I'm going to go, I'm going to step into the shopper shoes for a second and we're going to walk through where these are, where these will show. So remember, we've got ads that show up on search ads that show up on product pages. So in search we've got Sponsor products, top of search, rest of search, Sponsor Brand, Product Collection ads, Sponsored Brand Store Spotlight ads, and Sponsor Brand video ads. In product pages we have Product targeted Sponsored Products, Product Targeted Sponsored Brand video, Sponsored Display image ads and Sponsor Display video ads. These are the primary ones that show up. So I'm looking at Amazon right at the top here. That's a Sponsored Brand ad. Right below it are Sponsored Product ads. Just the default thumbnail. This here is a Sponsored Brand Store Spotlight ad. So this is, this is a Product Collection ad, actually. And then down here in search results is a Sponsored Brand video ad. Then once we move to a listing, we see Sponsored Product ads that are ASIN targeted. Well, it could be keyword targeted as well, but they're showing on an asin. And then we have Sponsored Display ads. And these sometimes can show off Amazon if you're doing DSP as well. So let's get into Sponsored Brand, guys. So this is what you see when you open up Sponsor Brand. So if you open up your ad console, you go to Sponsor Brand, you see Product Collection, Store Spotlight or Video. These are the three options. So we're going to focus a lot on video today because it's the most powerful of the three. We're also going to go into the other two ad types, especially Product Collection, because that one allows people to go to to listings and not just the storefront. So let's talk through Custom Creative. We're in Sponsored Brands now. We're going to start with focus on Video here. So this is you go to Sponsored Brand, scroll down, click Video. We're on the same page. And this is what I mentioned before. This is really how you transcend that whole game of the math game of PPC of bids and budgets. This is the left brain stuff. Sorry, the right brain stuff. So what kind of custom Creative, can we upload? So we've got three ad types, right? Sponsor product, Sponsor brand, sponsor display. In Sponsored Products, there's no option to upload Custom Creative. The only option is to allow Amazon to choose your ad format based on your thumbnail. So your primary image and your title are the two main things that determine what your ad looks like. In Sponsored Products, there's no Custom Creative upload. So yes, you can influence what your ad looks like, but it's by influencing what your whole thumbnail looks like everywhere. Organic and, and sponsored product ads. Sponsor brands. You can upload sponsor brand video. There's also sponsor brand video that shows up on product pages. There's headline video, which is a fairly recent addition and then there's headline, custom image and text. And there's multiple ways to set up each of these. We're going to go through the ways that you can focus on that are the most effective. So we don't, you know, get analysis paralysis here then in Sponsor Display the Custom Creative options are custom image and custom video. And you can also actually add a tagline or a headline to these custom image and video ads as well in Sponsor Display. So we're going to get more into Sponsored Display in tomorrow's day. That's our harvest day. So it's more of the sponsor display day. I'll touch on it today, but we're not going to focus on it really heavily. All right, so yeah, I won't, I won't beat a dead horse here guys. But Custom Creative lets you transcend that math game. There's infinite possibilities. It's judged based on hook more than where, what you're judged on everywhere else on Amazon, which is reviews and the primary image and the, you know, listen, content. This is the only place where you're judged. Oh, and price. Okay that's, I forgot the most important thing on and price. This is the only place where you're judged on a different set of characteristics than normal. Amazon shoppers judge your products which is price, you know, the, the image and the reviews. So this is a really good opportunity if you're having issues with being high priced or you had know some bad reviews come in or you haven't dialed in your, your, your conversion, your click through rate yet. This is a great way for you to experiment and, and transcend those issues in a very creative way. So this is, this is how you get more clicks without being better at math. And once you get a good creative, you can ride it for months or years like we do. So big question and this is, I mean, I'm gonna, I get hate for this. We literally. I opened up this conversation again internally inside our internal mastermind prior to this last week. There's, you're going to hear, especially for those of you guys that go to other events that talk about ppc, people say that sponsored brand ads don't drive rank. Well, that's false. Sponsored brand ads do drive rank. Keyword, targeted sponsored brand video ads drive rank. And in general on Amazon, any ad that, that a shopper can search a keyword, then see the ad, even if it's a click or two away, can drive rank. It's just that it may not be as powerful as a sponsored product top of search ad. Click for click. But dollar for dollar, it can be even more powerful if you make them perform well. And you're going to know how to do that by the end of this presentation. So sponsor video placements. We got top of search video. Looks like this, right? It shows up and you have multiple products to choose from. Usually Amazon's been experimenting with the different formats here and it's rapidly changing. But as of now, the best way to get up there is by using a sponsored brand video ad that drives to a storefront and then you select multiple products. Amazon tends to show those videos at the top of search. It is possible to get top of search video ads with a single product. And I'll show you guys how later, but this is the easiest way. And these are the ads that Amazon tends to show at the top of search. When it comes to video ads, then you've got the rest of search video ad, which is your standard video ad. Most video ads are here. And this was the classic video ad format that Amazon first launched. It was the first ever type of video ad. This was the only type of video ad for like two years which was showed up in the middle of search results. There was no possibility of making a video that showed up at the top up until I think it was fall of last year. It's very recent, only only months ago, not even a year ago. So that's other place video ads show up. That was the og, the gangster and then there's listing video ads. So this is also recent, but not quite as recent. I think it was sometime in 2022 when Amazon started showing the ads on listings. But this is what they look like. They usually show up right above the reviews. And when you create a sponsored brand video ad, you can create it in a. You. When you create a sponsored brand video ad that has just one asin it's usually going to be these right two placements, rest of search video and listing video. And we're going to get into how to, how to create the creator for those videos to get the most clicks and all that stuff, all the, all the, all the wizardly stuff where we're about to dive into. So try these two search terms. I actually wouldn't recommend doing it now, but write it down or something so you could do it later. And search results are different, different places you go. But I tried to find an example that you guys could try out if you're not in the US VPN through the US if you search Alienware Monitor, you're going to see a video out at the top that leads you to a storefront. But if you search Garlic Press, you'll see a video at the top that leads you to a product detail page. What's better, leading people to a storefront or leading people to your product detail page? And that's not rhetorical. I want to know what you guys think. You think it's better to drive people to your product detail page or better to drive people to the storefront? Better to give them lots of options or one option. Product detail page. Product detail page. Storefront. Product detail page. Product detail page. Storefront, Storefront. Okay, it's pretty slit split. Some of you guys say store up front. Most of you guys are saying product detail page. So product detail page is the most likely place to drive direct sales when you're driving people from a video ad. So if you guys are just starting with video ads, I highly recommend that you just drive them straight to the product detail page. If you already have experience driving traffic to your storefront and it converts like off Amazon traffic, or you've tried video ads or, or product collection ads, driving traffic to your storefront and you know it converts, then that's great. But the place to start is driving traffic to the product detail page because it's less friction. It's I click an ad and then the product's right there and I could buy it with a single click. Or I click an ad and then I see a bunch of options and then I have to then click into one of those options and then I can buy. It's more friction, more steps, right? So it's more places to give the opportunity to that seller to click off. Unless you have a super optimized storefront where they might add multiple products to their cart and increase their average order value. So that's a whole different thing. That's storefront. Optimization, we won't get into that right now. So creative can make up for shortcomings in number of reviews, review rating and price. So if you have issues with any of these three things, you got to fix the issue, obviously. But this is one of the ways that you can really gain an edge, just an X factor to compensate for issues that you're having in these other domains. And we have an example of this. This, this actual graphic that I'm showing you is not the real example on the right. This metric is real. But these, these aren't the actual brands. We have a similar brand to this where we got our review rating dipped below 4 stars. So this is like a dogseat carrier, right? And ads not performing. We spun up a video ad and we got an insane ACOS of a sub 15% ACOS and it was performing great, was able to drive profitable sales to the listing even though the review rating dropped below 4. Which is like, you guys know that's like a. No, no. You know, Even dropping below 4.3 is tough these days because you have only the four star icon. Once you get below four and you're in the threes, that's tough. That's a real uphill battle. And we were able to come out of it by using this X factor. And this is a great way. If you're encountering issues that you feel really stuck on, using creative can unstick you. And it's also, you know, just the land of infinite possibilities. When you're just working with bids and budgets. You're all inside Amazon's rule system. Once you step into the world of custom creative, you're going by your own rules. I mean, as long as you're, you're following Amazon's recommended formats, of course. So if you're not a math person, check this out. So we add a product. Honestly, 30, 38 ACOS is not bad, right? So this product is a, it's a, it's a brush for people that bake pizza at home or even professionals. But it's, it's a pizza brush for a pizza oven. And so our sponsored product ads, we thought they were performing pretty well. 38% was actually good. You know, keyword targeted sponsored product ads. But we wanted to drive profitable sales, so we spun up a sponsored brand video ad and it dropped this. The exact same target. Okay, so I'm talking like, for like same keyword targets. The metrics on this went from 38% on average ACOs to 18% on average ACOs for the same targets. Right. So that's how powerful this can be. You have the same people searching the same, the same targets, the same buyer intent and a completely different set of economics with, with custom creative ads. So that's the power of this. All right, now let's get into how to make them. So there's two main types of video ads. We segregate it into two types. And this is the result of a lot of discussions and testing inside our masterminds with our brands, with our products is it generally falls into two categories. Action ads and ugc. Testimonial style ads. So an action ad means it's showing the product in use. You can see this guy cutting up meat, sharpening his knife sharp. It's showing how shiny it is and all that stuff. It's just action immediately. If you can't have action like a supplement, for example, what is the action of a supplement? It's doing this. Oh, that takes five seconds and it's not a very nice ad, right? So for products that don't have action like supplements, a UGC or testimonial style video is the way to go and the best or we'll get into, into actually best practices now. So for an action video, this is if your product can be used in the real world in a visual way. So you know, and I've said is a great example of this. Most products fall into this category. Most products do something in the world. They have like a physical function. They are physical products after all, right? But some like supplements, which is huge category and others, you know as well, other consumable categories, for example, don't have action. So you can't always do this, but if you can, you should. So in an action video, the first three seconds of the video determines 90% of the success of the whole ad. So if you have a 30 second video, 90% of your attention should be on the first three seconds of that 30 seconds. And then, you know, figure out the remaining 27 seconds. But the first three should be 90% of your focus. What am I gonna show in the first three seconds? How long should I show each frame? Should I show it for one third of a second or one half of a second each or one quarter of a second each? How am I gonna spend my first quarter of a second? How am I gonna spend my second quarter of a second? I'm talking that level of detail is, is what you need for the first three seconds. And the reason is because, I mean, check it out. You guys can see my face still, right? You can see my face and the screen. So I'm gonna open up my Amazon app. If I search something on my Amazon app, this is what I do. This is what I do, right? I'm scrolling like this. So I flick with my thumb, and then I catch it with my thumb and flick again. So about how much time do you think I'm spending each flick? I'm actually doing this slower just because it's an awkward angle. Normally I would do this way faster. Each flick, on average, gives me somewhere between a half and three quarters of a second to make a judgment on whether or not I should stop with my thumb and take a look at whatever I just scrolled past. Try yourself. I mean, you guys will see, and then you'll understand why the first three seconds are so important. The first half to three quarters of a second gets them to stop with their thumb, and then the remainder of that three seconds is when they decide whether or not they're going to watch the rest of the video. That's why those. Those elements are so important. If any of you guys have ever dealt with YouTube, it's similar to YouTube. Like, the very beginning is when the person makes the decision, okay, I'm gonna watch this video, or, oh, I'm gonna click off and watch something else. That's why that's so important. So first three seconds, the whole video should be somewhere between 15 and 35 seconds in length. It doesn't have to be any longer than that, because the point isn't to get them to watch a big, long video. The point is to get them to click onto the listing so that they can then buy it. Right? So we don't want them just sitting around watching a video for a really long time. We just need to give them enough information so that they click. And there's no reason for that to take longer than 35ish seconds. You want to get to the action immediately. No logo, no intro, no fade in, fade out. None of that stuff. Just boom. Action instantly. Absolutely no delay. Because that first half a second, if you ruin it with just your logo and, you know, some nice, pretty designs, you just lost them because nobody cares. So get right to the action immediately. First three seconds. Also first three quarters of a second. So throughout the video show benefits visually with the video shots themselves, but it's also helpful to show with words on the screen. So the words can either flash or you can have the words, like, type themselves out, and then you can point to the part of the video that the words are, are mentioning. I'll show you guys some Examples of this. But benefits and then do the same with features. So benefit and then those of you guys that you know have studied this stuff, it's benefit and then benefit of the benefit, right? That's what you really want to show. What's the benefit of this product and then what is the benefit of that benefit? So I might have a feature that it's super sharp. The benefit of that is that I can cut with very, with, with ease. And then the benefit of that benefit is that I don't cut my finger like I do with dull knives where I have to press really hard and then it slips and cuts me, right? So you want to think feature, benefit, benefit of the benefit. Put all those things in and you do them in reverse. So benefit of the benefit, not cutting my fingers. The benefit is that I can slice really fast. And then the feature that's connected to that is it's super sharp, right? Or it comes with a sharpener, whatever that is. So that's the format that you want to put in place when you're using products that are actually in use. Action shots. So now you guys have a formula. You can straight up make these on your own. They don't have to be fancy. By the way, this is an ad from one of our brands, actually Zilke, whose birthday it is. So those of you guys that are in Zoron's group, make sure to wish him a happy birthday because today's his birthday. I bet you can't guess how old he is. But this is actually a brand that Zoki manages. And this brand, you know, we have this video ad, it runs at sub 13% ACOS and I mean look at it, it's like a grainy shot on iPhone style ad. And this ad ads can run for a really long time and continue to produce even if they're not super high, high production quality. And by the way, you can create ads like this if you're on a very low budget. Even without doing a whole video shoot and hiring a videographer and all that stuff. Just with the product images, stock images and some design, you can create video ads and they can produce. So don't think you need like, you know, super great production value in order to make a video ad that produces. You can actually do it on the cheap and sometimes that works great. I have a friend, Jen, some of you guys might even know her, Jennifer Baker. She makes video ads like for like a couple hundred bucks with product images, lifestyle shots. And you know, Jen has a ton of products. She has like hundreds and Hundreds of products. So she posts them in mass and she does great with them. They perform better than her sponsored product ads. So it doesn't need to be. You don't have to spend a lot of money to make this work is the point. Now you can obviously you can get a nice high production video ad and that can produce great, but it won't necessarily. I have another very close friend of mine named Paul who built an amazing brand with headbands for kids that have headphones in them. And he had one video ad that was just a series of, you know, simple video zooms into images of kids using the product and features text over overlaid. So there's absolutely no actual video video shots. It was just like zooming into and panning around images with text. And then he spent something like 20 or 30 grand on this super well produced video that's all funny and it's him walking around. It was kind of like one of those Old Spice commercials. And guess what? Didn't perform at all. His, his cheap images ad that just showed kids using the thing performed way better than this funny high produced like well thought out 20, $30,000 video. So that, that just tells you you don't always have to have super high production value to make this work. Now if you go with the testimonials option for those of you guys that are in consumables or other products that don't really have action, they don't really have like a real world use that you can show visually. The idea here is to first of all, if you can have the person who's describing it, be your customer avatar. If they could be your ideal customer avatar, that's super helpful because they will relate more to whoever you're talking to. Right? So if you're selling a walker basket for elderly people like in the example we walked through yesterday, you're not going to have some young 17 year old girl doing the video for it, right? You want somebody who fits the customer avatar. Captions helps because for some video ad formats the their the sound is not going to be on by default. So you have to click to see the sound. So they're not even going to see the sound. So having the captions, having the text on screen really helps. This one actually doesn't have it which would actually help them produce a lot better if they did. And then if you have some kind of attractive character and by that I don't necessarily just mean like classic attractiveness, but I mean an attractive character. So that means whoever your customer avatar is they would be engaged and attracted by this person. So you don't want someone who's super boring, looks kind of frumpy. You know, that's not going to help. An attractive, bright, you know, character who your customer avatar would relate to is what you want. And that's what's going to get you the clicks. So the thumbnail now in search results. These, these are ads and search results. These ads and search results don't have thumbnails. They just play automatically right away as soon as you start seeing them. So there's no thumbnail to the ad, meaning there's no static image that you see before the ad plays. However, on product detail pages, there is a thumbnail. And so no one's going to talk about this, right? But this is the same as YouTube. A good thumbnail is clickbait. A bad thumbnail makes you not want to click it. So for these ads that show up on listings, one of them will start to autoplay, but the rest of them don't autoplay every other video ad besides the first one, all the way on the left on a listing. It just sits there statically until you decide to click it. So you get to create your thumbnail, and the way you do that is by creating your first frame. So the first frame of the video is the thumbnail for the video. That's how Amazon does it. Every platform does this differently, right? Some you can upload your own thumbnail, like YouTube. Some they just choose it from the video like Instagram somewhere. Some they do it programmatically for Amazon. It's the first frame of the video, which you can see with me clicking around here in this example, in this slide. So, all right, another little hack. So I'm trying to make sure that all of you guys can do this. So if you have money for a high production video ad, those work great. If you follow the, the formula that I showed you guys, that's action in the first three seconds, making sure to grab them in the first three quarters of a second, getting right to the action, not doing logos, all that stuff. High production video ad works awesome. But if you can't do a high production video ad, there are a lot of options for you to get video ad content on a budget. You know, like the strategy that we talked about before, using design, but also using an app like this is actually our partner, Billio. Sophie Society and Billio actually both went through the same accelerator program and have the same investor, which is sosb. So I mean, I have no incentive. Like we, we have no relationship with them or anything like that. But they're, they're buddies of ours and we trust them and we use them. And so Billow is a place where you can get UGC video ads for a relatively, I mean, actually a very cheap price, like sub $100 a lot of the times. So this is a place to go if you have the type of product that you think would work well for a UGC style ad. And you can direct them, you can give them guidance and stuff like that. And you can, I think you do feedback as well, like back and forth. So that's one place to try if that's one of the strategies that you guys want to go with. So, all right, a little nuanced point here is that some people will click the video. All right, so a video ad shows the video and then you see underneath the video a mini thumbnail. So I'm showing this on mobile because three quarters of all your sessions are coming on mobile. Only a quarter of them come on the desktop. Right? So we always like to go mobile first, then desktop second. If they click the video on a product, on a video ad that's directing to a product detail page, the video will take them to the product detail page. If they click the video on an ad that directs them to a storefront, that will take them to the storefront. But if they click the thumbnail next to that ad, the thumbnail will take them to the product detail page. Okay, so that's the nuance that I wanted to provide you guys with because you, you in a product, a product, product video ad directing people to a storefront actually can direct them to both the listing and a storefront. Whereas a product detail page ad, you click the video and it goes right to the listing. And if you click the thumbnail, it also goes right to the listing. No matter what, the only way to get to the storefront is if you click the name of the brand. So like I said, I recommend for all of you guys, unless you already know that your storefront is super dialed, just go with directing people to the product detail page. That is, you know, 90% of the time, I would even say 95% of the time, the best way to go. So now this is me setting one up. You can see that I. Oh, oh, no, no, no, nevermind. Sorry. This is a, this is, this is a different thing. So what I'm showing you now is the difference between the bid types. So give me a second for this gift to restart. So I started sponsored brand ads right here. You can either grow impression share or drive page visits. And I shouldn't have scrolled so fucking fast on this, dude. I can barely talk fast enough for my own scrolling. So you can either grow impression share, which is vcpm, meaning it's not a pay per click ad, you're actually paying per thousand impressions, or you could do a normal cost per click PPC ad. So I'd recommend you guys do the normal PPC ad. That's the standard type. However, if you're more advanced and you've already run video ads before and you came here as an advanced seller to get advanced tactics, going with the VCPM allows you to get a bigger video. So this is a normal video. This is the. Specifically, this video is when you select video and then drive to a storefront, right? So if I click these listings, they'll drive me to the listings, but if I click the video itself, it'll drive me to the storefront. So look how big this video is. Now compare that to how big this video is. Whoa. Right? Big difference. This is a screenshot actually, also grabbed by Philip, the guy that put together your keyword aggregator. So small video, big video. Now, for those of you guys that you know this is your first sponsored brand ads, or you're just starting with video, I wouldn't recommend you going vcpm. And the reason is because it's much harder to measure results. Amazon will attribute sales to the ad even if they saw the ad and then they later clicked an organic search result so they can look deceivingly good VCPM ads, when actually it's just your regular organic purchases that you would have gotten. But for more. For you guys that are more advanced, this can be a way for you to get way more clicks because it takes up way more space. So it's an interesting option for you guys that are in the more advanced stages. All right, so we went over video, let's go over images. So we're going to talk through sponsored brand, product collection, custom image and headline type of ads. And this is actually something that I want you guys to create today. So one of your actions for today is to create one of these ads. You don't have to spend a huge amount of budget. But I'm going to show you a way to do this that makes it highly likely that this ad will be economical or successful for you. And in order to do that, you need to have done the homework from last night. So now you guys get why I'm such a stickler about that. But let's. So let's Talk through this. So we're going to sponsor brands and in order to create a product collection ad, I'm going to scroll down on the left hand side, I see product collection. And then you can either drive to the store on Amazon or your own landing page where you select three products and Amazon will just basically show them search results. So you can see a preview here. This is what it looks like. So there's no distractions. It's literally just the products that you put in. You can either target keywords or products, but this is mostly going to show up in the, at the top of search there. That's like the primary place for it. Amazon does show these ads other places, but it primarily shows up top of search and then this is what it's going to look like. Right. So what you can customize here is the image and the headline. Those are the two main things that you can customize. So they'll see the headline that you put in there, the text that you input and the image or the, or multiple images, you could put scrolling images that you input in there. Now the best way for both video and images to find ones that actually convert well is to split test. And here's where we're getting into some of the more advanced stuff. However, I mean even if you're in the beginning stages, you should be doing this. So this is something you should tune out. If you're an earlier stage seller, even if you're earlier, middle advanced, Whether you're doing 6, 7, 8 figures, this is something that you should be doing. And this is what all the, all the fastest growing brands are doing, this split testing creative. So you could do this with video and you could do it with images. And I'm going to talk you guys through the best practices for how to do this. But here's a real example of custom images that we uploaded in a product collection ad. And you can see these three images. I would not have known which one of these would perform well. They all show the product in use and they all show it being used in different formats. But one of them was a very clear winner with a sub 15% ACOS there and the other ones were not and they didn't perform. So the way to determine what creative is going to work best is come up with a bunch of hypotheses and say, okay, I'll try this video from the photo shoot that we did originally for the product. I'll try this sorry image from the photo shoot that we originally did from the for the product. I'll try this image, that's a lifestyle image with the product superimposed in it in an elegant way with Photoshop. And then I'll try these other three ideas that I have and three different hypotheses for what would get a click. And then put each one in a different ad group in the campaign that you create. So this is the way to split test. 1, 1 Creative goes in in each ad group. So you'll have a campaign, five ad groups, five creatives. And then that is what allows you to find the winner. So Amazon will automatically distribute the spend between the ad groups by doing its own testing. So it's basically putting a creative in each ad group is basically allowing Amazon to run a split test for you. And it works. It works well. That's how we found this example. So you want to find the winners by using real market data and doing a split test the way that I just described. And then once you find them, juice them. Like I was saying earlier, in some of the examples before, we have creative assets that just run month after month, quarter after quarter, year after year, and they just continue to produce. Sometimes the, the performance will change over time. Sometimes it's going to just keep producing. And even sometimes it'll produce at a relatively low volume compared to your sponsored product ads. But they're so much more profitable, so you just leave them. And maybe they're, you know, for the same target. They might be performing a quarter of the sales, but your average acos for that target gets brought way down because your sales are so much more lean, which is exactly, you know, what you need if you're dealing with economics issues and margin issues with the product. So it's a great way to overcome margin issues. So three to five creatives per campaign, one creator per ad set, that's the proper way to set up these campaigns. I wouldn't recommend, I mean, if, if all you have is one asset, you throw it up. But you want to try to start every new custom creative campaign with a few creative assets, it gives you such a better chance that one will make it right. Like if I, if, if I was in a contest where like I get a hundred bucks if I make the shot, a basketball into the hoop, right? Do I want to have one try with one basketball or do I want five balls? If I have five balls, I have way more of a chance of winning the 100 bucks than if I just take one individual shot. It's just a crapshoot. So. And if you gave me infinite shots, I'm pretty much guaranteed. Cause I'm going to make it eventually. So the more hypotheses you come up with for this creative, the better. The more split testing you do, the better. Best custom images show the product actively being used, have some kind of hook. Even if you look back at the image that I shared before, there was some kind of hook in there, it was like the, the way the, the lighting of the image, something interesting or different about it. Zooming really close up can be super powerful. So some of these images show up really small on mobile. So it can be really powerful if you just zoom way up. But so it's better to over zoom than under zoom. Like between the two options of I included too much context, like too much environment, too much background because I was zoomed out too much and the actual focus of the image was too small versus I zoomed too far in the image and actually the focus was actually cut off by the edges of the, the limits of my, my image window. I would rather the latter. So I'd rather actually be too zoomed in like over zoomed and I actually cut off part of the important part of the image than to be zoomed way out just so that the image looks better, more symmetrical or something like that. Or you included some cool environment in it. It's way better to over zoom than under zoom. When you're talking about a feature. If you're talking about a lifestyle or use case, that's a different story. And then no distracting information whatsoever. So anything in the image that doesn't have to do with the message the image is delivering should be edited out, removed or made less, less prominent. Okay, now we're getting into some even next level ninja stuff. So we talked about creative creative split testing. Now this is where you get to be straight wizard status. You guys will go from knights and kings to Gandalf here. And this is part of actually what I'm going to have you guys do today. So once you get really good at this, you can supercharge the click through rate by customizing your creative to your search term family. Now we're coming all the way back around. We've circled back, boys and girls. We've circled back to keyword family and this is not the last time. This will continue to be a theme. Segregating your campaigns and your keywords by search term family allows you to tailor the creative that you create to that search term family. One of the many benefits of organizing your keywords that way. So say I have a phone holder and I have a bunch of keywords about the fact that it's wooden because it's a wooden phone holder for the desk. So wooden, wood, maple, oak, all the different things relating to wooden is one big search family for me. And I put all those keywords in a campaign, but I have another search term family that's everybody looking for a compact phone holder because mine is small and that converts well for me. I have all my keywords for that family in one campaign. And then I have yet another family that's all about Android and that's another one that converts well for me. Now that I have this data from my campaigns and sponsored products, I'm going to take that data of how those search term families are performing and which ones are performing well, and I'm going to tailor my creative to those shopper intents. So for my family of shirts terms, my guys that are looking for the wooden ones, my, my wood a phobes, you guys are going to see my ad that zooming in on the grain and texture of the wood and also showing shots of it being manufactured and like, you know, drilled with this cool, like handmade wood, wooden manufacturing technique. Whereas if you're talking about compact, I'm going to show them the ad where the first three seconds is someone picking it up, using it, tossing in their backpack and leaving. And if they're searching for Android, their first three seconds are going to be someone putting a Samsung on the. On the mount. Right? And that way the creative that they see is exactly what they need to see based on their particular intent. So are you guys catching on to how powerful this can be? I hope this is making sense for you guys. And this is why I said I'm keeping an eye on the chat, by the way. So I'm still nice. Okay, you guys are following along. Some of you, some of you guys are. I think some of you guys might be getting a little sleepy. So I know we, we're, we're covering a lot. There's a lot. And I have a lot more to cover. We only have 11 minutes. All right, guys, get ready for auctioneer status. I'm about to start talking really fast. Better not be distracted. You got a lot to cover. We got all of branch, yielding, organic and paid to cover in the next 11 minutes. So this is, this is super powerful stuff. Okay. And that's just search. There's a way to do this when you're targeting ASINs as well. So the wizard status here is creative tailored to ASIN category. So you might have one that's tailored to an X factor that Yours includes a case and you're going to target all the ASINs that don't include a case. And that custom creative is talking all about how it has a case and you have another one that shows the shiny color and you're only showing the ones that are not shiny and then another one that's waterproof and you're only showing that ad on the ASINs that don't have the waterproof feature. Right? So this is another way to tailor the creative to the targeting. Once you marry the targeting and creative magic happens. Okay, we got to get into shielding because we got to get into shielding that's on the agenda today. This. So last year, one of my close friends, Andrew Erickson, who's also a mentor in the Titan Network alongside me as well, me and him would host group four together in that mastermind. He told me that first of all he loved the challenge. He came in September and he told me that this part was his favorite and most actionable part of the entire challenge. The brand shielding section. And this is a very advanced seller, multiple, multi, seven figure businesses. Andrew has. He's a great guy too. So that tells you this part of the presentation, this part of the challenge, super useful. And another thing is it's instantly actionable. You guys can change the economics of your brand and of the product that you're focused on this these five days by implementing these things instantaneously today, even within the next few hours. So yeah, that's my little preface. This is a full scroll of a listing top to bottom. So I only broke it up so that it would fit in the screen. But all the way on the left hand side you see the top of the listing. And all the way on the right you see that's the final scroll of the listing. And it goes all the way to the bottom. Amazon's little messages down there, right? So this is what a whole listing looks like. Now these yellow sections are ads. In this particular listing, all of these ads are showing other people's products. So unlike a website, you know, if any of you guys have ever had different types of businesses where you have a website, right, A website, the website is your website. You get to control what goes on that website. If you want ads, you can have them. If you don't want ads, you don't have you, you don't need them. You can fill it with text, you can fill it with images, you can put videos on there. Whatever you want with an Amazon product listing, that's not your listing, it's Amazon's listing. You get to recommend the content that goes on there. And as many of us know, sometimes even Amazon doesn't even do that. And you have to, you know, contact the catalog team to get issues resolved, but you get to. To upload content. But Amazon's the one who owns the listing. They're the ones that determine how the format and the layout works, Right? Not us. But like many things on Amazon, as a seller, even though we can't directly control it, we can influence it. So let's take a look at an example here. So here's an example of a listing that's doing very badly with defense. So this listing is. Has a ton of other listings advertising on it. You can see it's somewhere around 30% of the total listing that is other people's ads. If you only count above the reviews, then it's something around 20, 20 to 30%, which is a lot, right? That's 20 to 30% of the space where people are clicking off of our listing and onto somebody else's. Here's an example of a listing that has good shielding. Now, what you see is the yellow is ads for other people's brands. The blue is ads for our brand. So if they click off our listing, they're clicking off our listing and onto another one of our listings. This is what shielding is. And there are two main types of shielding, organic shielding and paid shielding. This is one of the most effective, instantly actionable ways that you can change the economics of your brand by implementing these strategies. And there's. There's a lot of them and we're going to go through all of them right now. So look at the difference here. Bad shielding on the listing on the left. Good shielding on the listing on the right. What's one weird thing that you notice about the difference between these listings? Just shout out a couple of things that you notice by looking at these. You can pop it in the chat. Real estate. The right one is much longer. Fuller. The length takes up more space. Good is longer. Yep. Listing bigger. Yeah. So that's interesting, right? They're not actually the same size. The listing with good shielding is actually bigger, technically bigger. And getting back to that, you know, concept that I showed you guys of me scrolling with my thumb on my phone, A lot of Amazon is about statistics. People are scrolling around like random monkeys in a way, and they kind of land where they land. So taking up more of the space of your own listing, especially on mobile, where three quarters of the sessions are happening in the first place, it makes it statistically more probable that they are on your real estate than accidentally landing on someone else's real estate and then clicking an ad and then leaving. So the more of your own listing you take up, the better. And one of the ways to do that is actually increasing the size of your listing, which there are multiple ways to do. So let's run through this since we're running out of time a little bit here. I'm not going to go over over time as much as I did yesterday, but we might be a little bit, maybe five minutes over. So we'll get through it all. So we've got organic shielding methods and paid shielding methods. Organic shielding methods include bundles frequently bought together, the A plus content, A plus content Product carousel and A plus content in general and premium A plus content, Brand Story, Product Showcase and also Brand Story in general. This whole section Amazon posts, which if you have enough, generates its own section as well and review videos. Page shielding includes sponsored product, product targeting ads, sponsored Sponsored brand product targeting ads, and sponsor display targeting ads. I mean, this is too much detail here honestly for us to be able to get through, but it's basically those three categories. Sponsored product, sponsor brand, Sponsored display, product targeting, ads targeting your own products. We'll get through all of them. So let's go through all the organic shielding methods bundles. Check this out. Look at how big this is. This is a, this is one of our brand, one of the brands that we've partnered with, which is Matt Clark's brand, lifeboost, one of the fastest growing companies in the country, honestly. And it's a, it's a coffee brand. This bundle takes up a huge amount of space. All it is, is a, is a bundle and it takes up a lot of space on the listing that could have been taken up by an ad. It's like, look, it's about three quarters of, of the screen scroll. This is huge. Bundle areas can be really, really big. And it's a great way to take up your own spot frequently bought together. This section can be either your own brands or other people's brands. And the way to get this section, by the way, is you just get people to buy them together. You can do cross promotions. You can use your own packaging to do this. You can use on listing promos. The more people buy them together, the more likely you are to get this spot. And brands that really have this dialed, every single listing they have has frequently bought together with their other listings. Having complementary products helps us do A plus product carousel. These are ads. Okay, the, this is actually the classic A plus product Carousel. But the, what you guys will probably be dealing with is the premium because everyone can get premium at this point. So there's no reason for you not to do premium. But the A plus product carousel is ads. I mean, you're literally getting like six ads spots. It's the same as an ad, right? It's the image, a clickable title, and then some information about the product. You know, the shopper doesn't even know the difference between this and an ad. So it's basically free ads. It's like 0% a cost ads. So if you don't have this on your listing, I mean, you should do that immediately because this is taking up space on your listing. Brand Story. So in the Brand Story again, you take up more of your own listings. Real estate that's more, the more of your own real estate that you take up, the less of the real estate your competitors are taking up. And that's what we want to do. We want to keep adding and keep adding until it's a smaller and smaller and smaller fraction. We'll never get to zero, but we want to get smaller and smaller and smaller of a fraction of our listing is taken up by competitors who could be taking our sales. Right. So Brain Story Showcase. I actually have a whole video on this. If you searched on YouTube, don't do that now, but later to show you how to set this up. And there's, you know, a few basic card formats that you can use, but these are ads. So the Product Showcase type of card in the Brand Story is actually a free ad because it's a clickable image to one of your other listings. So you can click this and it goes to my other listing. Now I'm running a free ad. So Amazon basically is letting you run essentially free advertising through posts. Brand Story, Product Showcase, the product carousel in the A content. And you're not taking advantage of it. What's going on with that? Amazon posts. So if you have enough posts and a well built out storefront, Amazon will add a whole section to your listing showing all your posts. Then when you click the post, it goes to your storefront again as opposed to going to somebody else's listing and then finally review videos. So we'll, we'll talk about this later in the week when we get into day five. That, that touches on all days. But, but these are organic videos. So these are not video ads. It looks like it might be, right. It looks very similar to when we were talking to sponsored brand video ads, but these are actually organic videos by reviewers. Some of them official Amazon reviewers with review pages. So we'll talk through how to optimize this in day five. Now let's get into page yielding. So the basic way that everyone should do. And if you don't have this set up and you have multiple products, set it up tonight, get it done today. This. Add this to your. Your homework if you haven't done this before. Sponsor product, Product targeting. So these ads and actually this listing that I'm using as an example here that I used earlier, this is a great one. If you're ever looking for inspiration for a brand who's really, really got things dialed on Amazon, look at Zesty Paws. This was founded by AJ Patel, who's also a client of mine. I worked directly with AJ to launch his brand in Europe. This is the biggest exit in Amazon brand history, by the way. $600 million exit. And so AJ made out pretty well with that. He had some partners, but he made out pretty well with this brand. So Zesty Paws is dialed in almost every way on Amazon. They're killing it. I mean, when you're a $600 million company, right? I mean, you got the budget for it, they are maximizing their shielding. If you look at any of their listings, they always got frequently bought together. They're always advertising on the max amount of their spots. They have more of their own ads than other people's ads showing on their own listings. So it's a great place to go get inspiration. Sponsored brand video Product targeting ads. So Target your own ASINs with your own sponsored brand video. Sponsored brand doesn't just show up in search results. It also shows up on product pages. So this is a way to do brand shielding is Target your own ASINs with your own brand video. And you know, I didn't talk about this before, super in depth, but the thing about shielding is that when you create paid shielding campaigns, you get two benefits out of it. One is you didn't lose the sale that you would have lost when somebody was on that listing and they clicked off to somebody else's ad. And the second benefit is not only did they not click off to somebody else's product, but they also did click onto your product. So this is what people don't understand, like, oh, why would I pay for my own branded search terms or why would I pay for my own listing? They're already on my listing. I don't want to pay any more for that. Well, think about it this way. If you could pay Amazon to remove all the ads from your listing and just have white space. Would you do that? I would, I would pay Amazon a fee to just remove all competitors ads and just have white space. Now when I run shielding ads, not only am I doing that, removing all my competitors at or a lot of my competitors ads, but I'm also, as just an added bonus, I'm getting traffic to my own listings as well. So when people are like, oh, you know this campaign, you know, it's performing pretty well, but it's cannibalized my own sales. No, you know, the, the sales that you get are just a bonus. The whole point of it is just take up space. So this is, this is where we get back into the goals. The way you measure a campaign should be based on the goals. These are not performance campaigns where you're just looking at ACOs. They're shielding campaigns, keeping the listing that people have already landed on from getting a sale taken from them. And then finally you can do sponsored display shielding, which looks like this. And again, of course, Zesty paws killing it with the sponsor display shielding down here, just shielding with the same type of product on the exact same listing right next to the primary image there. It's a great shielding spot that would have been taken by another competitor and taken them off. So this is a little tour of the listing. So you see some places where they couldn't do shielding. There's organic shielding frequently bought together. There's a bunch of paid shielding. Look, they took up all spots, the whole row. Sponsored products. There's organic shielding because that's customers who bought this. Also bought. And it wasn't sponsored by. Scroll down more. There's more organic shielding. That's product carousel. Those are basically free clickable ads. Right? More organic shielding. This is posts. Then if I scroll down more, some competitors got some spots there, but I've got some paid shielding spots here. Knocked off the competitors there. More paid shielding here with the sponsored brand video. And then if I scroll all the way to the bottom, even more page shielding with sponsored products and more sponsored product page shielding. So absolutely crushing it versus that one listing that we looked at when we just started this. That was not doing so well. Right. Okay, guys, we're gonna wrap up because we're five minutes over time here. I'm gonna skip through this concept of concentric circles. This is a framework that we didn't go over in day one that we normally do. And I'm just gonna bump this to tomorrow. So let me just speed through this and we'll talk through this tomorrow. This is basically a framework that you can use for every type of ad that you run and we call it concentric circles. I'll talk to you about it tomorrow. So yeah, keep in mind, when you're running these ads, you need to get data back, right? Data about what targeting is working best for the sponsored brand ads. Data about what creative is working best. You have a whole new layer of data that you need to get back. Now you want to use the targeting data that you got from sponsored product ads and apply it to the sponsored brand ads because it's likely to work in sponsored brand if it has worked in sponsored products. So this is what we call campaign chaining. Take the data from one campaign and apply those learnings to the other campaigns so that you can advance and accelerate the time to effectiveness of those ads. So this is the thing. So if you, you need to get the data back one way or another and you have to spend either time or money to get that data. So it's really. You just need to spend money to get the data. But if you have a budget that's based on time, like a monthly budget or a weekly budget, that means that if that budget is low, you're gonna have to wait longer to get the intended result. So just keep that in mind. This is one of those what I just said. Campaign chaining is one of the ways to accelerate that. And by the way, focus on the. We're covering so many different concepts this week, right? Focus on what is the lowest hanging fruit for you. What could you do with the least amount of resources to provide the greatest leverage impact Based on everything that we covered today, and especially when it comes to creative, don't try to do it all at once. Figure out what would work best for you in the most immediate fashion with the least amount of resources and the highest potential probability of success. And just focus on that. And also if you want us to do it for you, that's literally what we do professionally. We are a PPC partner, not an agency. We actually partner with you. We run that whole feedback loop. We do everything that I'm talking about this whole week. So yeah, you can just message a moderator and mods. You could, you could drop the link in here if you want to book a call to talk to us about being a partner. And yeah, I'll tell you guys a little bit more about how we work later on. So day three, Actions and treasures. I want you guys to initiate one organic and one paid brand shielding tactic that we went over today. Okay. So we went over a bunch, right? Just implement one One of each. Either one sponsored product shielding ad, one sponsored display shielding ad, or one sponsored brand shielding ad and either sponsored either implementing Amazon posts or implementing a product carousel or implementing the brand story or try or implementing some kind of system that will get you frequently bought together. Do something organic and something paid for shielding. And I can tell you whether a little or a lot this will impact the economics of your brand because it'll impact the economics of the ads going to that product. It increases your conversion rate by having less people click off the listing and it can also increase your average order value because more people see more of your products so you can get bigger more products added to cart and your average order value can go up. Which is one way to one easy way to improve the economics of your whole your whole brand. And then initiate a sponsored brand custom headline custom image ad like the way we just talked about today, tailored to one of your best performing keywords from your analysis yesterday. So using that, that search term processor, when you found a keyword that has a really good click through rate, a really good conversion rate, tailor a headline and if you can an image to that keyword or that search term family and spin up a sponsored brand ad with an image and a headline. This is my challenge, this is my action for you guys. So if you get hung up or you need some ideas, that's the whole point of the communal aspect of what we do at the profitable PPC challenge with Sophie Society, jump pop it in the the mentors chat or show up to the office hours which are starting right after this and we'll figure it out all together, right? To help each other out as a community. Today, your treasure handout is the campaign structure for expand the expansion phase. And the expansion phase and the harvest phase are very similar, almost identical. The only real difference is the breakdown of ad spend. So you're going to see quite a few campaigns here. But this is like the fundamental structure once you get out of launch, this is like the base structure that you're going to have for pretty much every product. And we'll talk about how this changes based on certain initial conditions, like if you have a very high price product, for example, or if you have a consumables product, you know, these, these change somewhat significantly. If you have an invention that has very low search search volume, it changes how the campaign structure is and we'll discuss that in the next couple of days. But this structure, once you're out of launch, this is the one that you're going to spend the most time In. So make sure to review this tonight as one of your actions, start that organic and paid brand shielding tactic and initiate a sponsored brand custom headline custom image ad with product collection ad. Cool. Okay, guys, one thing we need to do before we start. You know what? I'm going to do the same thing I did yesterday where I'm going to give you guys an extra five minutes to come into office hours because people need breaks to pee and get water and stuff. But I need one thing from you before we wrap up and then we'll close off this session and office hours will be next. I need a nomination from you because one thing for those of you guys that have been to previous challenges that we do is we create a resource for you. So the reason that some of the resources we're giving you this week have been so game changing and valuable to you is because of this. We actually find out from you guys what you want, what would be valuable to you, and then we build it, you know, as part of this whole awesome communal vibe that we have going during this event. So what I want you to do is open up the chat, your, your mentorship chat and type in the one resource or guide or tool or checklist or diagnosis or whatever it is. Type in the one resource that you want from us. If you could have one thing from us, type in what that thing would be. And then what we're going to do is I'm going to aggregate all these nominations and tonight in your email with your handouts and your actions, I'm going to include a link to vote and you're going to be able to vote on which resource is most interesting to you that you would get the most value out of. So do that. Now, I'm going to let you guys type this in. So go ahead and just type it now. I'll just give it a minute or so. Watching them come in here, Seeing a lot of really, really interesting, really cool stuff that was unexpected. So this is cool. This is great. Thank you guys for being so engaged. This is such a good cohort. Honestly, this has got to be our best cohort yet. Awesome. Okay, thank you guys. If you haven't written that in yet, please do. Please write that in and keep an eye out for the vote tonight because we're not going to be able to make all of them that you guys nominate, but we are going to make the one that gets the most votes. So that is that. Make sure to get your nomination in there if you haven't gotten it in yet. This is the resource that you don't have, that you wish you had, that you think we could create for you. All right, that's it, guys. I will close it off now. We're going to give it an extra couple of minutes for people to come in. I'll start my room, you know, pretty much right away. I'm sure Hans will start room two pretty much right away as well. But, you know, you can have your five minutes and just 35 past hours when will be our sort of official start. Peace out, guys.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Foreign. What's up, everyone? What's up? What's up? Welcome to day three. This is hump day. This is hump day. After today's over, we're officially halfway done with the profitable PPC challenge. Man, that went fast. I mean, hey, we're not there yet. Still hump day. I'm not gonna get sad, but I'm having a lot of fun with you guys. This is awesome. It's so intense. We were just talking before this that somebody said in the chat, like, is there life outside the PVC challenge? I can't remember what group that was, but the answer for me is certainly no. This challenge is like my every waking moment focus throughout this whole week. So, guys, give me some love in the chat. How are we feeling this morning? We're feeling okay. Feeling groggy, overwhelmed, or good or bad? Little check in. Okay, I see. Great. Let's go. Smiley face. What's up, Tanya Terry. Nice Lake. And Susan Alvaro. All right. What up, guys? What up, guys? Let's rock and roll. Let's rock and roll. Looks like most people are feeling good, overwhelmed. Okay, Jennifer. Fair enough. Caffeinated. Same here. I got the green tea, always ready to go on lock. Plus the water gotta stay hydrated. Today's gonna be, I mean, I say this every day, right? I feel like, you know, the boy who cried wolf at this point. But today is going to be a jam packed day because we've got a lot to cover and a really exciting topic. This is an awesome, awesome day. I feel like the past few days I've been telling a lot of you guys, just wait till day three for certain things. And also day four, also day five actually. They're all really, really exciting, really packed days, but I'm ready to rock and roll. So let's get this started with three. Three minutes in. Looks like there's still a few people who need to join. This is. I gotta make a little PSA before I share my screen. And we start up. And that is if you're for some reason not getting the emails with the links or God forbid you're not in Telegram somehow and you've somehow dodged the mods, email hellophysociety.com to get back in and. Or check your spam box or just search Chris Rawlings or Sophie Society in your email inbox. Because sometimes it gets filtered and sent to promotions or sent to spam automatically by the email gods. Who knows how they make their decisions. But check that if you're. If you think you're not getting emails because we got a few people coming in. Like, I didn't get the handouts, I didn't get the emails. The emails are definitely going out to everybody. You just got to check different folders in your inbox. You know, Apple's got the new privacy rules, automatically marks emails as read and stuff like that. So just make sure you do that. Cool. All right, let's rock and roll, guys. I'm going to share my screen and I'm just going to ask you to let me know if you're seeing this. Fine. So can you guys see this? Okay, should be able to see this. Thumbs up. Good. Nice. Everyone's seeing it. Everyone's hearing me. That's great. A lot of engagement in the chat today. That's good, that's good. I was a little worried that after last night some of you guys would be like low energy from the homework. We'll get into that. So. All right, day three, guys. So today the major focus is on that middle Amazon product life cycle stage. So the expand stage we're going to go through the campaign structure. For the expand stage. We're not going to be able to go really deep into the setup of every different type of campaign. But your handout for today is the expansion campaign structured credit card deck. So you'll be able to review this tonight and that'll be one of the, one of the actions for today. But we have a much more interesting and engaging and immediately actionable topic to cover today which is going deep into sponsored brands. So we're going to go really deep into sponsored brands, video ads, custom image ads, keyword family, targeted creative. It's going to be a great day. We have organic shielding, paid shielding, and you'll find out what that is in a little bit. But this is going to be another immediately actionable thing that you guys can do right away. And we'll go into split testing. So this day, and I think I actually have a specific slide on this, so I won't harp on this, but this day is super powerful. If any of you guys feel like you're not math people, quote unquote some, you know, with all the bids and budgets and negations and stuff, PPC feels like a really like logical, sort of programmatic, mathematical type of left brain thing. This is the right brain side of things. And if you feel like you're quote unquote not a math person or you get like that girl in the meme where all the formulas are like and she's just like glassy eyed, if you're like that, that meme girl. Someone's got to drop that meme. I know someone knows what I'm talking about. If you know what meme I'm talking about with a girl, her eyes are all glassy and there's just like formulas and math and she's just like nothing. Someone's got to drop that meme. If you're that focus on today super hard. I mean, everyone is going to get ridiculous value out of today. But if that's you, today is like specially just for you. Yeah, that's the girl. That's the girl. Alex just dropped it in the chat. Yeah, man, that's, that's the one. Just calculating, trying to understand all the math, all the bids and budgets, man, you know, that'd make a good, a good video for the next challenge. I'm gonna have to do that. But yeah, today is the right brain day, the more creative side of things. And what's really exciting about today is you can use some of the strategies that we talk about today to transcend the, the game that you're stuck in. Sometimes in PPC you can get stuck in a smaller and smaller box. Oh, getting like, you know, I'm barely breaking even with these ads and I'm barely maintaining my rank and I'm barely being able to convert enough to compete with these low priced factory direct competitors. And I have less and less targets that I can really profitably target. This is one of those ways you just step out of the whole game and just enter a game that you get to create, which is really, really cool and really powerful. And I'm going to share some examples with you guys of how we do this and very simple step by step formulas for how you can do it. So let's rock and roll. Couple recognitions. So some, I mean, this is a really great group. I gotta say. This is definitely one of our best cohorts. It's super active, super engaged. The brand owners that I'm encountering with you guys are really strong brand owners with really strong, really, really awesome brands. Questions are great. Oh, there' dumb questions. Right? But they're really great conversations happening in the office hours. So this is a great cohort, but some of you guys are really stepping up and super active. So just to recognize these guys in the Kings, Kia, Chris, Josh, Vera, Michael, Marcus, Stephen, Akash and Sergey. You guys are absolutely killing it. Epic Kings. Hats off to you. My salute. I would night you if we had the time, but we got a jam. Knights. Sindisha, Katie, Sarah, Maddie, Christy, Julie. Jamil. Tiffany, Samantha, Lakin, Tara, Tammy, Joan, Graciela, Tadra, Tadara, Kara, Samantha, Samantha, H, Julie, Mark, Jeremy, Kevin, Hope, Julie, Serenimo, Maria, Son, Brandy, Christy, Zane, Cappy, and Annalise. I want to recognize you guys. Did my best on those names. Some of them are hard. I got a really easy one. Chris, probably like Chris and Muhammad might be like the two most common names like on the, in the entire planet. So anyways, hats off to you guys. Salute you. You guys are super active, super engaged. Thank you for helping each other out, for asking good questions, starting good conversations, showing up to the office hours. You guys are absolutely excellent and definitely epitomizing the vibe that I, that I envision for this event. So let's rock actions from last night. So you guys got the search term processor last night, the keyword aggregator last night, and the launch deck. So I want to get a little feedback from you guys. So open up the chat. How did you find the actions? Were you able to take them? Did you get stuck on anything? Mentors are active in the chat right now, so I want to get some feedback from you guys. What you found most valuable. Were you able to run the search term processor with your search term report? Did you do your keyword research and segregate it by keyword family? Did you get stuck anywhere and were you able to review the launch deck? And did you have any questions on that? You want to make sure to resolve all this. So whatever your, your feedback is, whether it's great feedback and you're like, yeah, it rocked, it really blew my mind that I definitely want to hear that. That's great. Or it's, I got stuck here, I got stuck there. I can use some guidance on this or that. We want to hear that too, so that the mentors can help out. So. Oh, and by the way, just so we know who's who, I said this yesterday, but make sure your zoom name is the same as your telegram name or the same as the name that you, you registered for the challenge with so that we know who's who. Otherwise we can't, we can't connect the, the people. So make sure to do that. So, yeah, give me feedback on that. Guys, I'm reviewing this. Obviously I can't read all of your comments immediately, but the point of the mentors, that's the point of the mentors. So I'll jump in afterwards, but I want to hear your feedback. The search term. So the keyword aggregator. This is a super powerful tool. You know, we gave you a short video, actually recorded by our man and Sophie family member Philip, who actually formatted this whole sheet and I think did an absolutely fantastic job on this. The video was like the minimum viable implementation of this. But you can go really deep. That's why we included more columns. And you can add even more if you have more keyword sources. Like if you're a design based product and you're riding a trend that's only just now hitting Amazon, you might want more off Amazon sources. You might even want Etsy or something like that, right? So you can add more columns as you need them. But the point is to just do one implementation of this, the minimum viable implementation of this and the critical output of this is your keywords segregated by family or shopper intent. That's what we want, is the output of this. So this is one of the most critical actions of the entire challenge because of the fact that so much of all the other content that we cover, this is a requirement for including the content that we're going over today. So if you haven't been able to segregate your campaigns by shopper intent or by keyword family, give it another try or type in the chat where you're getting hung up so we can help you get there. And once you get there, everything else is going to become easier, including taking action on this, the Search Term report processor that we gave you guys. So for those of you guys that are not super Excel wizards or spreadsheet wizards, this is called a pivot table. You can make it yourself. But we're, we gave you this just so that you don't even have to know how to make one. All you have to do is upload your Search Term report and you get the insights so you can see all the data for each of your campaigns, including click through rate data, which is the really critical component that touches on everything we're talking about today. But everything else, click through rate data, ACOS data, percent of spend. So you can see that on a campaign level and on a keyword level within each campaign. Now this one, this was actually put together by one of your mentors, another one of your mentors, Richard, another beloved member of our Sophie family over here. Absolute beast. He's actually going to be with me in the room for the office hours. So those of you guys that are in my room, you're going to get to hang with me and Richard today, which is awesome. I think Tomas is going to be in there too. So it's going to be a really good room. So I hope you guys got value out of this? I'd love to get some feedback from you on this. Did you find value out of it? If you got insights, what insights were they? Did you take action from the insights? Let me know in the chat. Give us, give me a little bit of feedback and if you got stuck or hung up anywhere, let us know where. This is something that you'll want to keep with you bookmarked in your, in your tab, you know, permanently, because it's an easy, quick, fast way for you to get insights from your search term reports. That's one of the top requests and questions that we get is how do I read my reports? What reports should I read? And the search term report isn't the only report that matters, but it is one of the most important ones and one of the best ways to get really deep insights. Now I kept this really simple for you guys, but Richard has actually designed for Sophie that we use on the back end a report that's much more advanced. This is the advanced processor. Now this processor requires three reports. A business report, a sponsored product, search term report, and a sponsored product advertised product report. It takes a little bit longer to put together, but it's only, I mean, maybe if it takes you two minutes to generate the one search term report. For the normal search term processor, this might take you six or seven minutes to generate all these reports. So it's not that much more work. But what you get is nothing short of amazing. And this is what we use, you know, professionals that are running eight figure accounts, and we've even run nine figure accounts. This analyzes things not by a campaign by campaign level, but a product by product level. And within the products, a keyword by keyword level. And it aggregates all the keywords, no matter what campaign they're in. So the keyword data isn't just the keyword from that campaign and how it's performing, it's the keyword as a whole across all campaigns and how that performs, which is insanely powerful to get this data, especially the click through rate data, the conversion rate data specific to keyword. I mean, there's so much you can do with that, it's unbelievable. And some of it is what we're actually going to get into today. So the reason we didn't give you guys this is because there's more places you could possibly get hung up. And we wanted to keep it as simple as possible so you could get immediate insights, right? And this is already very powerful way to get insights. The search term processor you guys have, but the advanced Processor is. I mean there's no way to get better insights than this no matter what software you have or you know, I mean there are softwares that cost hundreds of dollars per month just to give you this type of level of insights into your ads because there's no other way to aggregate it. So you'll have an opportunity to get this advanced processor if you want it tomorrow. I'll tell you guys how. But I just wanted to, you know, introduce it here and also recognize Richard for putting it together. Our boy genius here or not here across the pond, he's actually in London, I'm in New Jersey so. But yeah. So let's rock and roll guys. Day three, Hump day. This is the expansion day. So this is where we're getting into sponsored brand ads. And it's also from a campaign perspective where a lot of ad types get spun up, shielding ads get spun up, sponsored display ad starts become part of the picture and a lot of your expected metrics change. And I'm going to actually just quickly screen share through this part of the Amazon product life cycle so that we get ourselves on the same page here. So yesterday we were here, right? Launch day, launch day tacos 20 to 50 percentage of sales from PPC 50 to 90 ad spend breakdown was 70% sponsored products, 30% sponsored brands. Now all of these metrics change in the expansion phase once we're no longer losing money and we're trying to gain rank while also being profitable we and get, you know, more ranking spots and expand our, our sales. Our percentage of sales from PPC will be 30 to 50%. Our tacos will be somewhere between 10 and 20%. Our ads bound spend breakdown will be something along the lines of 50 sponsored products, 45 sponsored brands and 5% sponsored display. Again guys, there's variance in this depending on category, how many brand assets you have and all that. But hopefully after today's sessions you guys do get closer to this because the sponsored brand ad portion of things super powerful. So you could be in this from half a year to years and you're gaining market share, increasing the effectiveness of your ads and spinning up a lot of new types of ads. Some of the main changes and like I said, you guys are going to get the whole deck as your handout today. But some of the main changes is you're putting in place brand shielding with every ad type, Sponsored brand product collection ads, sponsored brand video ads, you're starting to test out, retargeting at least towards the the end stages. Once you're well into this phase, more expanded product targeting, more self targeted product placement ads that are like direct, instant retargeting. And the balance of the four different goals looks more like this. Whereas in the launch phase it looks more like this. A lot of our campaigns are rank, some of them are discovery as well, and very little performance and shielding campaigns. Now we're moving to a campaign structure that looks a little more like this. We've still got plenty of ranking campaigns, but now we have a good amount of performance campaigns, shielding campaigns, and we're still running the discovery campaigns as well. So it's a little bit more balanced between the four different types of goals that you have. So, all right, let's rock back into this and get into the juicy stuff now. Yeah. So four different goals. This is what we were just talking about. Once you get into the expansion phase, you go from mostly just these two goals to all four. Right. So the refresher rank is campaigns with the sole purpose of driving rank for a keyword. Profit is you're trying to run efficient sales, you're minimizing a cost. Shielding is you're protecting your brand from your own native placements. That means your own listing placements and your own branded keywords, meaning someone's typing your brand looking for you. You don't want someone else advertising there. And when someone's already on your listing, you also don't want someone advertising there. They're already there, you want them to buy. And research is campaigns that produce you data. Targeting data mostly, but also data like look back periods, what creatives are working? Well, there are campaigns where you're figuring out what works so that you can create a profit performance campaign, rank campaign. So that's the point here. All right, before we jump into creative stuff, a little overview because so we have this tool called the tree of potential that those of you guys that have been to previous challenges, you've seen. And the Tree of potential was a thread through all days of the challenge and previous challenges. But we found that people got a little overwhelmed by it. What it is is one big frame chart that shows you all possible campaign configuration structures. It shows every bidding strategy, every creative, every placement, every landing, every targeting, everything for every type of campaign. So you could trace through it like a map exactly what campaigns you've tried and which ones you haven't. And I find it extremely valuable. And we may or may not be including it as a post challenge asset for you guys. It depends on how interested you are. Actually. I'll do a poll or something. Let me know if that sounds interesting to you, but the reason that we backed off of it is because people are getting a little overwhelmed by it because you could see so much, which I love. But for some people, it overwhelms them. So I put together this little graphic that's just super simplified, which tells you everything you can control in any kind of ad on Amazon. It's just five things you control. What you're targeting is, so are you targeting an asin, Are you targeting a keyword, are you targeting a category, are you targeting an audience? Or are you retargeting? It's the only options, right? So that means who's going to see your ad? Then you can choose where they land. So for some ads, it defaults to the product detail page. In fact, most ads, it defaults to the product detail page. But that's not the only place that they land. When. When shoppers click your ad, they can also land on a custom landing page, which you can put together and sponsor brand ads. We'll talk about it today. Or they can land on your storefront when they click your ad. So there's three different places that they can land, and you get to select that. Then you're selecting your placement. Do you want to show up top of search? Do you want to show up rest of search, or do you want to show up on product pages? Those are three different places. And you can't directly control this, but you can influence it. Then you are controlling the bidding strategy. Do you allow Amazon to adjust the bid up and down from your starting bid? Or do you make the max bid and then have Amazon just lower the bid whenever it can? Or do you create a fixed bid every time? That's bidding strategy. There are other ones as well besides these three that we'll get into today. And then finally, for some ads, like the ones we're talking about today, you control the creative. What image do they see, what text do they read, and what video do they watch? So these are the only things you can control. When you see it in one view like this, it's not so overwhelming, right? This is. This is it. There's nothing else. And then of course, there's your bid and budget that I have at the bottom there. Those are inputs, and we talked about how to calculate those yesterday. So that's it. You know, really, when you see it like this, it doesn't seem as complicated. PBC really tends to get people super overwhelmed. And I remember being overwhelmed, you know, when I was really trying to wrap my head around it. And when you look at it like this. Really not so overwhelming, right? This is it. There's no other knobs and dials besides this. They're all here. You're looking at them, right? So really helps put things in perspective here. Now we're going to get into Sponsored Brand ads now and Custom Creative. So I'm going to do a quick placement review with you guys so that we know where these are showing up. So I'm going to go, I'm going to step into the shopper shoes for a second and we're going to walk through where these are, where these will show. So remember, we've got ads that show up on search ads that show up on product pages. So in search we've got Sponsor products, top of search, rest of search, Sponsor Brand, Product Collection ads, Sponsored Brand Store Spotlight ads, and Sponsor Brand video ads. In product pages we have Product targeted Sponsored Products, Product Targeted Sponsored Brand video, Sponsored Display image ads and Sponsor Display video ads. These are the primary ones that show up. So I'm looking at Amazon right at the top here. That's a Sponsored Brand ad. Right below it are Sponsored Product ads. Just the default thumbnail. This here is a Sponsored Brand Store Spotlight ad. So this is, this is a Product Collection ad, actually. And then down here in search results is a Sponsored Brand video ad. Then once we move to a listing, we see Sponsored Product ads that are ASIN targeted. Well, it could be keyword targeted as well, but they're showing on an asin. And then we have Sponsored Display ads. And these sometimes can show off Amazon if you're doing DSP as well. So let's get into Sponsored Brand, guys. So this is what you see when you open up Sponsor Brand. So if you open up your ad console, you go to Sponsor Brand, you see Product Collection, Store Spotlight or Video. These are the three options. So we're going to focus a lot on video today because it's the most powerful of the three. We're also going to go into the other two ad types, especially Product Collection, because that one allows people to go to to listings and not just the storefront. So let's talk through Custom Creative. We're in Sponsored Brands now. We're going to start with focus on Video here. So this is you go to Sponsored Brand, scroll down, click Video. We're on the same page. And this is what I mentioned before. This is really how you transcend that whole game of the math game of PPC of bids and budgets. This is the left brain stuff. Sorry, the right brain stuff. So what kind of custom Creative, can we upload? So we've got three ad types, right? Sponsor product, Sponsor brand, sponsor display. In Sponsored Products, there's no option to upload Custom Creative. The only option is to allow Amazon to choose your ad format based on your thumbnail. So your primary image and your title are the two main things that determine what your ad looks like. In Sponsored Products, there's no Custom Creative upload. So yes, you can influence what your ad looks like, but it's by influencing what your whole thumbnail looks like everywhere. Organic and, and sponsored product ads. Sponsor brands. You can upload sponsor brand video. There's also sponsor brand video that shows up on product pages. There's headline video, which is a fairly recent addition and then there's headline, custom image and text. And there's multiple ways to set up each of these. We're going to go through the ways that you can focus on that are the most effective. So we don't, you know, get analysis paralysis here then in Sponsor Display the Custom Creative options are custom image and custom video. And you can also actually add a tagline or a headline to these custom image and video ads as well in Sponsor Display. So we're going to get more into Sponsored Display in tomorrow's day. That's our harvest day. So it's more of the sponsor display day. I'll touch on it today, but we're not going to focus on it really heavily. All right, so yeah, I won't, I won't beat a dead horse here guys. But Custom Creative lets you transcend that math game. There's infinite possibilities. It's judged based on hook more than where, what you're judged on everywhere else on Amazon, which is reviews and the primary image and the, you know, listen, content. This is the only place where you're judged. Oh, and price. Okay that's, I forgot the most important thing on and price. This is the only place where you're judged on a different set of characteristics than normal. Amazon shoppers judge your products which is price, you know, the, the image and the reviews. So this is a really good opportunity if you're having issues with being high priced or you had know some bad reviews come in or you haven't dialed in your, your, your conversion, your click through rate yet. This is a great way for you to experiment and, and transcend those issues in a very creative way. So this is, this is how you get more clicks without being better at math. And once you get a good creative, you can ride it for months or years like we do. So big question and this is, I mean, I'm gonna, I get hate for this. We literally. I opened up this conversation again internally inside our internal mastermind prior to this last week. There's, you're going to hear, especially for those of you guys that go to other events that talk about ppc, people say that sponsored brand ads don't drive rank. Well, that's false. Sponsored brand ads do drive rank. Keyword, targeted sponsored brand video ads drive rank. And in general on Amazon, any ad that, that a shopper can search a keyword, then see the ad, even if it's a click or two away, can drive rank. It's just that it may not be as powerful as a sponsored product top of search ad. Click for click. But dollar for dollar, it can be even more powerful if you make them perform well. And you're going to know how to do that by the end of this presentation. So sponsor video placements. We got top of search video. Looks like this, right? It shows up and you have multiple products to choose from. Usually Amazon's been experimenting with the different formats here and it's rapidly changing. But as of now, the best way to get up there is by using a sponsored brand video ad that drives to a storefront and then you select multiple products. Amazon tends to show those videos at the top of search. It is possible to get top of search video ads with a single product. And I'll show you guys how later, but this is the easiest way. And these are the ads that Amazon tends to show at the top of search. When it comes to video ads, then you've got the rest of search video ad, which is your standard video ad. Most video ads are here. And this was the classic video ad format that Amazon first launched. It was the first ever type of video ad. This was the only type of video ad for like two years which was showed up in the middle of search results. There was no possibility of making a video that showed up at the top up until I think it was fall of last year. It's very recent, only only months ago, not even a year ago. So that's other place video ads show up. That was the og, the gangster and then there's listing video ads. So this is also recent, but not quite as recent. I think it was sometime in 2022 when Amazon started showing the ads on listings. But this is what they look like. They usually show up right above the reviews. And when you create a sponsored brand video ad, you can create it in a. You. When you create a sponsored brand video ad that has just one asin it's usually going to be these right two placements, rest of search video and listing video. And we're going to get into how to, how to create the creator for those videos to get the most clicks and all that stuff, all the, all the, all the wizardly stuff where we're about to dive into. So try these two search terms. I actually wouldn't recommend doing it now, but write it down or something so you could do it later. And search results are different, different places you go. But I tried to find an example that you guys could try out if you're not in the US VPN through the US if you search Alienware Monitor, you're going to see a video out at the top that leads you to a storefront. But if you search Garlic Press, you'll see a video at the top that leads you to a product detail page. What's better, leading people to a storefront or leading people to your product detail page? And that's not rhetorical. I want to know what you guys think. You think it's better to drive people to your product detail page or better to drive people to the storefront? Better to give them lots of options or one option. Product detail page. Product detail page. Storefront. Product detail page. Product detail page. Storefront, Storefront. Okay, it's pretty slit split. Some of you guys say store up front. Most of you guys are saying product detail page. So product detail page is the most likely place to drive direct sales when you're driving people from a video ad. So if you guys are just starting with video ads, I highly recommend that you just drive them straight to the product detail page. If you already have experience driving traffic to your storefront and it converts like off Amazon traffic, or you've tried video ads or, or product collection ads, driving traffic to your storefront and you know it converts, then that's great. But the place to start is driving traffic to the product detail page because it's less friction. It's I click an ad and then the product's right there and I could buy it with a single click. Or I click an ad and then I see a bunch of options and then I have to then click into one of those options and then I can buy. It's more friction, more steps, right? So it's more places to give the opportunity to that seller to click off. Unless you have a super optimized storefront where they might add multiple products to their cart and increase their average order value. So that's a whole different thing. That's storefront. Optimization, we won't get into that right now. So creative can make up for shortcomings in number of reviews, review rating and price. So if you have issues with any of these three things, you got to fix the issue, obviously. But this is one of the ways that you can really gain an edge, just an X factor to compensate for issues that you're having in these other domains. And we have an example of this. This, this actual graphic that I'm showing you is not the real example on the right. This metric is real. But these, these aren't the actual brands. We have a similar brand to this where we got our review rating dipped below 4 stars. So this is like a dogseat carrier, right? And ads not performing. We spun up a video ad and we got an insane ACOS of a sub 15% ACOS and it was performing great, was able to drive profitable sales to the listing even though the review rating dropped below 4. Which is like, you guys know that's like a. No, no. You know, Even dropping below 4.3 is tough these days because you have only the four star icon. Once you get below four and you're in the threes, that's tough. That's a real uphill battle. And we were able to come out of it by using this X factor. And this is a great way. If you're encountering issues that you feel really stuck on, using creative can unstick you. And it's also, you know, just the land of infinite possibilities. When you're just working with bids and budgets. You're all inside Amazon's rule system. Once you step into the world of custom creative, you're going by your own rules. I mean, as long as you're, you're following Amazon's recommended formats, of course. So if you're not a math person, check this out. So we add a product. Honestly, 30, 38 ACOS is not bad, right? So this product is a, it's a, it's a brush for people that bake pizza at home or even professionals. But it's, it's a pizza brush for a pizza oven. And so our sponsored product ads, we thought they were performing pretty well. 38% was actually good. You know, keyword targeted sponsored product ads. But we wanted to drive profitable sales, so we spun up a sponsored brand video ad and it dropped this. The exact same target. Okay, so I'm talking like, for like same keyword targets. The metrics on this went from 38% on average ACOs to 18% on average ACOs for the same targets. Right. So that's how powerful this can be. You have the same people searching the same, the same targets, the same buyer intent and a completely different set of economics with, with custom creative ads. So that's the power of this. All right, now let's get into how to make them. So there's two main types of video ads. We segregate it into two types. And this is the result of a lot of discussions and testing inside our masterminds with our brands, with our products is it generally falls into two categories. Action ads and ugc. Testimonial style ads. So an action ad means it's showing the product in use. You can see this guy cutting up meat, sharpening his knife sharp. It's showing how shiny it is and all that stuff. It's just action immediately. If you can't have action like a supplement, for example, what is the action of a supplement? It's doing this. Oh, that takes five seconds and it's not a very nice ad, right? So for products that don't have action like supplements, a UGC or testimonial style video is the way to go and the best or we'll get into, into actually best practices now. So for an action video, this is if your product can be used in the real world in a visual way. So you know, and I've said is a great example of this. Most products fall into this category. Most products do something in the world. They have like a physical function. They are physical products after all, right? But some like supplements, which is huge category and others, you know as well, other consumable categories, for example, don't have action. So you can't always do this, but if you can, you should. So in an action video, the first three seconds of the video determines 90% of the success of the whole ad. So if you have a 30 second video, 90% of your attention should be on the first three seconds of that 30 seconds. And then, you know, figure out the remaining 27 seconds. But the first three should be 90% of your focus. What am I gonna show in the first three seconds? How long should I show each frame? Should I show it for one third of a second or one half of a second each or one quarter of a second each? How am I gonna spend my first quarter of a second? How am I gonna spend my second quarter of a second? I'm talking that level of detail is, is what you need for the first three seconds. And the reason is because, I mean, check it out. You guys can see my face still, right? You can see my face and the screen. So I'm gonna open up my Amazon app. If I search something on my Amazon app, this is what I do. This is what I do, right? I'm scrolling like this. So I flick with my thumb, and then I catch it with my thumb and flick again. So about how much time do you think I'm spending each flick? I'm actually doing this slower just because it's an awkward angle. Normally I would do this way faster. Each flick, on average, gives me somewhere between a half and three quarters of a second to make a judgment on whether or not I should stop with my thumb and take a look at whatever I just scrolled past. Try yourself. I mean, you guys will see, and then you'll understand why the first three seconds are so important. The first half to three quarters of a second gets them to stop with their thumb, and then the remainder of that three seconds is when they decide whether or not they're going to watch the rest of the video. That's why those. Those elements are so important. If any of you guys have ever dealt with YouTube, it's similar to YouTube. Like, the very beginning is when the person makes the decision, okay, I'm gonna watch this video, or, oh, I'm gonna click off and watch something else. That's why that's so important. So first three seconds, the whole video should be somewhere between 15 and 35 seconds in length. It doesn't have to be any longer than that, because the point isn't to get them to watch a big, long video. The point is to get them to click onto the listing so that they can then buy it. Right? So we don't want them just sitting around watching a video for a really long time. We just need to give them enough information so that they click. And there's no reason for that to take longer than 35ish seconds. You want to get to the action immediately. No logo, no intro, no fade in, fade out. None of that stuff. Just boom. Action instantly. Absolutely no delay. Because that first half a second, if you ruin it with just your logo and, you know, some nice, pretty designs, you just lost them because nobody cares. So get right to the action immediately. First three seconds. Also first three quarters of a second. So throughout the video show benefits visually with the video shots themselves, but it's also helpful to show with words on the screen. So the words can either flash or you can have the words, like, type themselves out, and then you can point to the part of the video that the words are, are mentioning. I'll show you guys some Examples of this. But benefits and then do the same with features. So benefit and then those of you guys that you know have studied this stuff, it's benefit and then benefit of the benefit, right? That's what you really want to show. What's the benefit of this product and then what is the benefit of that benefit? So I might have a feature that it's super sharp. The benefit of that is that I can cut with very, with, with ease. And then the benefit of that benefit is that I don't cut my finger like I do with dull knives where I have to press really hard and then it slips and cuts me, right? So you want to think feature, benefit, benefit of the benefit. Put all those things in and you do them in reverse. So benefit of the benefit, not cutting my fingers. The benefit is that I can slice really fast. And then the feature that's connected to that is it's super sharp, right? Or it comes with a sharpener, whatever that is. So that's the format that you want to put in place when you're using products that are actually in use. Action shots. So now you guys have a formula. You can straight up make these on your own. They don't have to be fancy. By the way, this is an ad from one of our brands, actually Zilke, whose birthday it is. So those of you guys that are in Zoron's group, make sure to wish him a happy birthday because today's his birthday. I bet you can't guess how old he is. But this is actually a brand that Zoki manages. And this brand, you know, we have this video ad, it runs at sub 13% ACOS and I mean look at it, it's like a grainy shot on iPhone style ad. And this ad ads can run for a really long time and continue to produce even if they're not super high, high production quality. And by the way, you can create ads like this if you're on a very low budget. Even without doing a whole video shoot and hiring a videographer and all that stuff. Just with the product images, stock images and some design, you can create video ads and they can produce. So don't think you need like, you know, super great production value in order to make a video ad that produces. You can actually do it on the cheap and sometimes that works great. I have a friend, Jen, some of you guys might even know her, Jennifer Baker. She makes video ads like for like a couple hundred bucks with product images, lifestyle shots. And you know, Jen has a ton of products. She has like hundreds and Hundreds of products. So she posts them in mass and she does great with them. They perform better than her sponsored product ads. So it doesn't need to be. You don't have to spend a lot of money to make this work is the point. Now you can obviously you can get a nice high production video ad and that can produce great, but it won't necessarily. I have another very close friend of mine named Paul who built an amazing brand with headbands for kids that have headphones in them. And he had one video ad that was just a series of, you know, simple video zooms into images of kids using the product and features text over overlaid. So there's absolutely no actual video video shots. It was just like zooming into and panning around images with text. And then he spent something like 20 or 30 grand on this super well produced video that's all funny and it's him walking around. It was kind of like one of those Old Spice commercials. And guess what? Didn't perform at all. His, his cheap images ad that just showed kids using the thing performed way better than this funny high produced like well thought out 20, $30,000 video. So that, that just tells you you don't always have to have super high production value to make this work. Now if you go with the testimonials option for those of you guys that are in consumables or other products that don't really have action, they don't really have like a real world use that you can show visually. The idea here is to first of all, if you can have the person who's describing it, be your customer avatar. If they could be your ideal customer avatar, that's super helpful because they will relate more to whoever you're talking to. Right? So if you're selling a walker basket for elderly people like in the example we walked through yesterday, you're not going to have some young 17 year old girl doing the video for it, right? You want somebody who fits the customer avatar. Captions helps because for some video ad formats the their the sound is not going to be on by default. So you have to click to see the sound. So they're not even going to see the sound. So having the captions, having the text on screen really helps. This one actually doesn't have it which would actually help them produce a lot better if they did. And then if you have some kind of attractive character and by that I don't necessarily just mean like classic attractiveness, but I mean an attractive character. So that means whoever your customer avatar is they would be engaged and attracted by this person. So you don't want someone who's super boring, looks kind of frumpy. You know, that's not going to help. An attractive, bright, you know, character who your customer avatar would relate to is what you want. And that's what's going to get you the clicks. So the thumbnail now in search results. These, these are ads and search results. These ads and search results don't have thumbnails. They just play automatically right away as soon as you start seeing them. So there's no thumbnail to the ad, meaning there's no static image that you see before the ad plays. However, on product detail pages, there is a thumbnail. And so no one's going to talk about this, right? But this is the same as YouTube. A good thumbnail is clickbait. A bad thumbnail makes you not want to click it. So for these ads that show up on listings, one of them will start to autoplay, but the rest of them don't autoplay every other video ad besides the first one, all the way on the left on a listing. It just sits there statically until you decide to click it. So you get to create your thumbnail, and the way you do that is by creating your first frame. So the first frame of the video is the thumbnail for the video. That's how Amazon does it. Every platform does this differently, right? Some you can upload your own thumbnail, like YouTube. Some they just choose it from the video like Instagram somewhere. Some they do it programmatically for Amazon. It's the first frame of the video, which you can see with me clicking around here in this example, in this slide. So, all right, another little hack. So I'm trying to make sure that all of you guys can do this. So if you have money for a high production video ad, those work great. If you follow the, the formula that I showed you guys, that's action in the first three seconds, making sure to grab them in the first three quarters of a second, getting right to the action, not doing logos, all that stuff. High production video ad works awesome. But if you can't do a high production video ad, there are a lot of options for you to get video ad content on a budget. You know, like the strategy that we talked about before, using design, but also using an app like this is actually our partner, Billio. Sophie Society and Billio actually both went through the same accelerator program and have the same investor, which is sosb. So I mean, I have no incentive. Like we, we have no relationship with them or anything like that. But they're, they're buddies of ours and we trust them and we use them. And so Billow is a place where you can get UGC video ads for a relatively, I mean, actually a very cheap price, like sub $100 a lot of the times. So this is a place to go if you have the type of product that you think would work well for a UGC style ad. And you can direct them, you can give them guidance and stuff like that. And you can, I think you do feedback as well, like back and forth. So that's one place to try if that's one of the strategies that you guys want to go with. So, all right, a little nuanced point here is that some people will click the video. All right, so a video ad shows the video and then you see underneath the video a mini thumbnail. So I'm showing this on mobile because three quarters of all your sessions are coming on mobile. Only a quarter of them come on the desktop. Right? So we always like to go mobile first, then desktop second. If they click the video on a product, on a video ad that's directing to a product detail page, the video will take them to the product detail page. If they click the video on an ad that directs them to a storefront, that will take them to the storefront. But if they click the thumbnail next to that ad, the thumbnail will take them to the product detail page. Okay, so that's the nuance that I wanted to provide you guys with because you, you in a product, a product, product video ad directing people to a storefront actually can direct them to both the listing and a storefront. Whereas a product detail page ad, you click the video and it goes right to the listing. And if you click the thumbnail, it also goes right to the listing. No matter what, the only way to get to the storefront is if you click the name of the brand. So like I said, I recommend for all of you guys, unless you already know that your storefront is super dialed, just go with directing people to the product detail page. That is, you know, 90% of the time, I would even say 95% of the time, the best way to go. So now this is me setting one up. You can see that I. Oh, oh, no, no, no, nevermind. Sorry. This is a, this is, this is a different thing. So what I'm showing you now is the difference between the bid types. So give me a second for this gift to restart. So I started sponsored brand ads right here. You can either grow impression share or drive page visits. And I shouldn't have scrolled so fucking fast on this, dude. I can barely talk fast enough for my own scrolling. So you can either grow impression share, which is vcpm, meaning it's not a pay per click ad, you're actually paying per thousand impressions, or you could do a normal cost per click PPC ad. So I'd recommend you guys do the normal PPC ad. That's the standard type. However, if you're more advanced and you've already run video ads before and you came here as an advanced seller to get advanced tactics, going with the VCPM allows you to get a bigger video. So this is a normal video. This is the. Specifically, this video is when you select video and then drive to a storefront, right? So if I click these listings, they'll drive me to the listings, but if I click the video itself, it'll drive me to the storefront. So look how big this video is. Now compare that to how big this video is. Whoa. Right? Big difference. This is a screenshot actually, also grabbed by Philip, the guy that put together your keyword aggregator. So small video, big video. Now, for those of you guys that you know this is your first sponsored brand ads, or you're just starting with video, I wouldn't recommend you going vcpm. And the reason is because it's much harder to measure results. Amazon will attribute sales to the ad even if they saw the ad and then they later clicked an organic search result so they can look deceivingly good VCPM ads, when actually it's just your regular organic purchases that you would have gotten. But for more. For you guys that are more advanced, this can be a way for you to get way more clicks because it takes up way more space. So it's an interesting option for you guys that are in the more advanced stages. All right, so we went over video, let's go over images. So we're going to talk through sponsored brand, product collection, custom image and headline type of ads. And this is actually something that I want you guys to create today. So one of your actions for today is to create one of these ads. You don't have to spend a huge amount of budget. But I'm going to show you a way to do this that makes it highly likely that this ad will be economical or successful for you. And in order to do that, you need to have done the homework from last night. So now you guys get why I'm such a stickler about that. But let's. So let's Talk through this. So we're going to sponsor brands and in order to create a product collection ad, I'm going to scroll down on the left hand side, I see product collection. And then you can either drive to the store on Amazon or your own landing page where you select three products and Amazon will just basically show them search results. So you can see a preview here. This is what it looks like. So there's no distractions. It's literally just the products that you put in. You can either target keywords or products, but this is mostly going to show up in the, at the top of search there. That's like the primary place for it. Amazon does show these ads other places, but it primarily shows up top of search and then this is what it's going to look like. Right. So what you can customize here is the image and the headline. Those are the two main things that you can customize. So they'll see the headline that you put in there, the text that you input and the image or the, or multiple images, you could put scrolling images that you input in there. Now the best way for both video and images to find ones that actually convert well is to split test. And here's where we're getting into some of the more advanced stuff. However, I mean even if you're in the beginning stages, you should be doing this. So this is something you should tune out. If you're an earlier stage seller, even if you're earlier, middle advanced, Whether you're doing 6, 7, 8 figures, this is something that you should be doing. And this is what all the, all the fastest growing brands are doing, this split testing creative. So you could do this with video and you could do it with images. And I'm going to talk you guys through the best practices for how to do this. But here's a real example of custom images that we uploaded in a product collection ad. And you can see these three images. I would not have known which one of these would perform well. They all show the product in use and they all show it being used in different formats. But one of them was a very clear winner with a sub 15% ACOS there and the other ones were not and they didn't perform. So the way to determine what creative is going to work best is come up with a bunch of hypotheses and say, okay, I'll try this video from the photo shoot that we did originally for the product. I'll try this sorry image from the photo shoot that we originally did from the for the product. I'll try this image, that's a lifestyle image with the product superimposed in it in an elegant way with Photoshop. And then I'll try these other three ideas that I have and three different hypotheses for what would get a click. And then put each one in a different ad group in the campaign that you create. So this is the way to split test. 1, 1 Creative goes in in each ad group. So you'll have a campaign, five ad groups, five creatives. And then that is what allows you to find the winner. So Amazon will automatically distribute the spend between the ad groups by doing its own testing. So it's basically putting a creative in each ad group is basically allowing Amazon to run a split test for you. And it works. It works well. That's how we found this example. So you want to find the winners by using real market data and doing a split test the way that I just described. And then once you find them, juice them. Like I was saying earlier, in some of the examples before, we have creative assets that just run month after month, quarter after quarter, year after year, and they just continue to produce. Sometimes the, the performance will change over time. Sometimes it's going to just keep producing. And even sometimes it'll produce at a relatively low volume compared to your sponsored product ads. But they're so much more profitable, so you just leave them. And maybe they're, you know, for the same target. They might be performing a quarter of the sales, but your average acos for that target gets brought way down because your sales are so much more lean, which is exactly, you know, what you need if you're dealing with economics issues and margin issues with the product. So it's a great way to overcome margin issues. So three to five creatives per campaign, one creator per ad set, that's the proper way to set up these campaigns. I wouldn't recommend, I mean, if, if all you have is one asset, you throw it up. But you want to try to start every new custom creative campaign with a few creative assets, it gives you such a better chance that one will make it right. Like if I, if, if I was in a contest where like I get a hundred bucks if I make the shot, a basketball into the hoop, right? Do I want to have one try with one basketball or do I want five balls? If I have five balls, I have way more of a chance of winning the 100 bucks than if I just take one individual shot. It's just a crapshoot. So. And if you gave me infinite shots, I'm pretty much guaranteed. Cause I'm going to make it eventually. So the more hypotheses you come up with for this creative, the better. The more split testing you do, the better. Best custom images show the product actively being used, have some kind of hook. Even if you look back at the image that I shared before, there was some kind of hook in there, it was like the, the way the, the lighting of the image, something interesting or different about it. Zooming really close up can be super powerful. So some of these images show up really small on mobile. So it can be really powerful if you just zoom way up. But so it's better to over zoom than under zoom. Like between the two options of I included too much context, like too much environment, too much background because I was zoomed out too much and the actual focus of the image was too small versus I zoomed too far in the image and actually the focus was actually cut off by the edges of the, the limits of my, my image window. I would rather the latter. So I'd rather actually be too zoomed in like over zoomed and I actually cut off part of the important part of the image than to be zoomed way out just so that the image looks better, more symmetrical or something like that. Or you included some cool environment in it. It's way better to over zoom than under zoom. When you're talking about a feature. If you're talking about a lifestyle or use case, that's a different story. And then no distracting information whatsoever. So anything in the image that doesn't have to do with the message the image is delivering should be edited out, removed or made less, less prominent. Okay, now we're getting into some even next level ninja stuff. So we talked about creative creative split testing. Now this is where you get to be straight wizard status. You guys will go from knights and kings to Gandalf here. And this is part of actually what I'm going to have you guys do today. So once you get really good at this, you can supercharge the click through rate by customizing your creative to your search term family. Now we're coming all the way back around. We've circled back, boys and girls. We've circled back to keyword family and this is not the last time. This will continue to be a theme. Segregating your campaigns and your keywords by search term family allows you to tailor the creative that you create to that search term family. One of the many benefits of organizing your keywords that way. So say I have a phone holder and I have a bunch of keywords about the fact that it's wooden because it's a wooden phone holder for the desk. So wooden, wood, maple, oak, all the different things relating to wooden is one big search family for me. And I put all those keywords in a campaign, but I have another search term family that's everybody looking for a compact phone holder because mine is small and that converts well for me. I have all my keywords for that family in one campaign. And then I have yet another family that's all about Android and that's another one that converts well for me. Now that I have this data from my campaigns and sponsored products, I'm going to take that data of how those search term families are performing and which ones are performing well, and I'm going to tailor my creative to those shopper intents. So for my family of shirts terms, my guys that are looking for the wooden ones, my, my wood a phobes, you guys are going to see my ad that zooming in on the grain and texture of the wood and also showing shots of it being manufactured and like, you know, drilled with this cool, like handmade wood, wooden manufacturing technique. Whereas if you're talking about compact, I'm going to show them the ad where the first three seconds is someone picking it up, using it, tossing in their backpack and leaving. And if they're searching for Android, their first three seconds are going to be someone putting a Samsung on the. On the mount. Right? And that way the creative that they see is exactly what they need to see based on their particular intent. So are you guys catching on to how powerful this can be? I hope this is making sense for you guys. And this is why I said I'm keeping an eye on the chat, by the way. So I'm still nice. Okay, you guys are following along. Some of you, some of you guys are. I think some of you guys might be getting a little sleepy. So I know we, we're, we're covering a lot. There's a lot. And I have a lot more to cover. We only have 11 minutes. All right, guys, get ready for auctioneer status. I'm about to start talking really fast. Better not be distracted. You got a lot to cover. We got all of branch, yielding, organic and paid to cover in the next 11 minutes. So this is, this is super powerful stuff. Okay. And that's just search. There's a way to do this when you're targeting ASINs as well. So the wizard status here is creative tailored to ASIN category. So you might have one that's tailored to an X factor that Yours includes a case and you're going to target all the ASINs that don't include a case. And that custom creative is talking all about how it has a case and you have another one that shows the shiny color and you're only showing the ones that are not shiny and then another one that's waterproof and you're only showing that ad on the ASINs that don't have the waterproof feature. Right? So this is another way to tailor the creative to the targeting. Once you marry the targeting and creative magic happens. Okay, we got to get into shielding because we got to get into shielding that's on the agenda today. This. So last year, one of my close friends, Andrew Erickson, who's also a mentor in the Titan Network alongside me as well, me and him would host group four together in that mastermind. He told me that first of all he loved the challenge. He came in September and he told me that this part was his favorite and most actionable part of the entire challenge. The brand shielding section. And this is a very advanced seller, multiple, multi, seven figure businesses. Andrew has. He's a great guy too. So that tells you this part of the presentation, this part of the challenge, super useful. And another thing is it's instantly actionable. You guys can change the economics of your brand and of the product that you're focused on this these five days by implementing these things instantaneously today, even within the next few hours. So yeah, that's my little preface. This is a full scroll of a listing top to bottom. So I only broke it up so that it would fit in the screen. But all the way on the left hand side you see the top of the listing. And all the way on the right you see that's the final scroll of the listing. And it goes all the way to the bottom. Amazon's little messages down there, right? So this is what a whole listing looks like. Now these yellow sections are ads. In this particular listing, all of these ads are showing other people's products. So unlike a website, you know, if any of you guys have ever had different types of businesses where you have a website, right, A website, the website is your website. You get to control what goes on that website. If you want ads, you can have them. If you don't want ads, you don't have you, you don't need them. You can fill it with text, you can fill it with images, you can put videos on there. Whatever you want with an Amazon product listing, that's not your listing, it's Amazon's listing. You get to recommend the content that goes on there. And as many of us know, sometimes even Amazon doesn't even do that. And you have to, you know, contact the catalog team to get issues resolved, but you get to. To upload content. But Amazon's the one who owns the listing. They're the ones that determine how the format and the layout works, Right? Not us. But like many things on Amazon, as a seller, even though we can't directly control it, we can influence it. So let's take a look at an example here. So here's an example of a listing that's doing very badly with defense. So this listing is. Has a ton of other listings advertising on it. You can see it's somewhere around 30% of the total listing that is other people's ads. If you only count above the reviews, then it's something around 20, 20 to 30%, which is a lot, right? That's 20 to 30% of the space where people are clicking off of our listing and onto somebody else's. Here's an example of a listing that has good shielding. Now, what you see is the yellow is ads for other people's brands. The blue is ads for our brand. So if they click off our listing, they're clicking off our listing and onto another one of our listings. This is what shielding is. And there are two main types of shielding, organic shielding and paid shielding. This is one of the most effective, instantly actionable ways that you can change the economics of your brand by implementing these strategies. And there's. There's a lot of them and we're going to go through all of them right now. So look at the difference here. Bad shielding on the listing on the left. Good shielding on the listing on the right. What's one weird thing that you notice about the difference between these listings? Just shout out a couple of things that you notice by looking at these. You can pop it in the chat. Real estate. The right one is much longer. Fuller. The length takes up more space. Good is longer. Yep. Listing bigger. Yeah. So that's interesting, right? They're not actually the same size. The listing with good shielding is actually bigger, technically bigger. And getting back to that, you know, concept that I showed you guys of me scrolling with my thumb on my phone, A lot of Amazon is about statistics. People are scrolling around like random monkeys in a way, and they kind of land where they land. So taking up more of the space of your own listing, especially on mobile, where three quarters of the sessions are happening in the first place, it makes it statistically more probable that they are on your real estate than accidentally landing on someone else's real estate and then clicking an ad and then leaving. So the more of your own listing you take up, the better. And one of the ways to do that is actually increasing the size of your listing, which there are multiple ways to do. So let's run through this since we're running out of time a little bit here. I'm not going to go over over time as much as I did yesterday, but we might be a little bit, maybe five minutes over. So we'll get through it all. So we've got organic shielding methods and paid shielding methods. Organic shielding methods include bundles frequently bought together, the A plus content, A plus content Product carousel and A plus content in general and premium A plus content, Brand Story, Product Showcase and also Brand Story in general. This whole section Amazon posts, which if you have enough, generates its own section as well and review videos. Page shielding includes sponsored product, product targeting ads, sponsored Sponsored brand product targeting ads, and sponsor display targeting ads. I mean, this is too much detail here honestly for us to be able to get through, but it's basically those three categories. Sponsored product, sponsor brand, Sponsored display, product targeting, ads targeting your own products. We'll get through all of them. So let's go through all the organic shielding methods bundles. Check this out. Look at how big this is. This is a, this is one of our brand, one of the brands that we've partnered with, which is Matt Clark's brand, lifeboost, one of the fastest growing companies in the country, honestly. And it's a, it's a coffee brand. This bundle takes up a huge amount of space. All it is, is a, is a bundle and it takes up a lot of space on the listing that could have been taken up by an ad. It's like, look, it's about three quarters of, of the screen scroll. This is huge. Bundle areas can be really, really big. And it's a great way to take up your own spot frequently bought together. This section can be either your own brands or other people's brands. And the way to get this section, by the way, is you just get people to buy them together. You can do cross promotions. You can use your own packaging to do this. You can use on listing promos. The more people buy them together, the more likely you are to get this spot. And brands that really have this dialed, every single listing they have has frequently bought together with their other listings. Having complementary products helps us do A plus product carousel. These are ads. Okay, the, this is actually the classic A plus product Carousel. But the, what you guys will probably be dealing with is the premium because everyone can get premium at this point. So there's no reason for you not to do premium. But the A plus product carousel is ads. I mean, you're literally getting like six ads spots. It's the same as an ad, right? It's the image, a clickable title, and then some information about the product. You know, the shopper doesn't even know the difference between this and an ad. So it's basically free ads. It's like 0% a cost ads. So if you don't have this on your listing, I mean, you should do that immediately because this is taking up space on your listing. Brand Story. So in the Brand Story again, you take up more of your own listings. Real estate that's more, the more of your own real estate that you take up, the less of the real estate your competitors are taking up. And that's what we want to do. We want to keep adding and keep adding until it's a smaller and smaller and smaller fraction. We'll never get to zero, but we want to get smaller and smaller and smaller of a fraction of our listing is taken up by competitors who could be taking our sales. Right. So Brain Story Showcase. I actually have a whole video on this. If you searched on YouTube, don't do that now, but later to show you how to set this up. And there's, you know, a few basic card formats that you can use, but these are ads. So the Product Showcase type of card in the Brand Story is actually a free ad because it's a clickable image to one of your other listings. So you can click this and it goes to my other listing. Now I'm running a free ad. So Amazon basically is letting you run essentially free advertising through posts. Brand Story, Product Showcase, the product carousel in the A content. And you're not taking advantage of it. What's going on with that? Amazon posts. So if you have enough posts and a well built out storefront, Amazon will add a whole section to your listing showing all your posts. Then when you click the post, it goes to your storefront again as opposed to going to somebody else's listing and then finally review videos. So we'll, we'll talk about this later in the week when we get into day five. That, that touches on all days. But, but these are organic videos. So these are not video ads. It looks like it might be, right. It looks very similar to when we were talking to sponsored brand video ads, but these are actually organic videos by reviewers. Some of them official Amazon reviewers with review pages. So we'll talk through how to optimize this in day five. Now let's get into page yielding. So the basic way that everyone should do. And if you don't have this set up and you have multiple products, set it up tonight, get it done today. This. Add this to your. Your homework if you haven't done this before. Sponsor product, Product targeting. So these ads and actually this listing that I'm using as an example here that I used earlier, this is a great one. If you're ever looking for inspiration for a brand who's really, really got things dialed on Amazon, look at Zesty Paws. This was founded by AJ Patel, who's also a client of mine. I worked directly with AJ to launch his brand in Europe. This is the biggest exit in Amazon brand history, by the way. $600 million exit. And so AJ made out pretty well with that. He had some partners, but he made out pretty well with this brand. So Zesty Paws is dialed in almost every way on Amazon. They're killing it. I mean, when you're a $600 million company, right? I mean, you got the budget for it, they are maximizing their shielding. If you look at any of their listings, they always got frequently bought together. They're always advertising on the max amount of their spots. They have more of their own ads than other people's ads showing on their own listings. So it's a great place to go get inspiration. Sponsored brand video Product targeting ads. So Target your own ASINs with your own sponsored brand video. Sponsored brand doesn't just show up in search results. It also shows up on product pages. So this is a way to do brand shielding is Target your own ASINs with your own brand video. And you know, I didn't talk about this before, super in depth, but the thing about shielding is that when you create paid shielding campaigns, you get two benefits out of it. One is you didn't lose the sale that you would have lost when somebody was on that listing and they clicked off to somebody else's ad. And the second benefit is not only did they not click off to somebody else's product, but they also did click onto your product. So this is what people don't understand, like, oh, why would I pay for my own branded search terms or why would I pay for my own listing? They're already on my listing. I don't want to pay any more for that. Well, think about it this way. If you could pay Amazon to remove all the ads from your listing and just have white space. Would you do that? I would, I would pay Amazon a fee to just remove all competitors ads and just have white space. Now when I run shielding ads, not only am I doing that, removing all my competitors at or a lot of my competitors ads, but I'm also, as just an added bonus, I'm getting traffic to my own listings as well. So when people are like, oh, you know this campaign, you know, it's performing pretty well, but it's cannibalized my own sales. No, you know, the, the sales that you get are just a bonus. The whole point of it is just take up space. So this is, this is where we get back into the goals. The way you measure a campaign should be based on the goals. These are not performance campaigns where you're just looking at ACOs. They're shielding campaigns, keeping the listing that people have already landed on from getting a sale taken from them. And then finally you can do sponsored display shielding, which looks like this. And again, of course, Zesty paws killing it with the sponsor display shielding down here, just shielding with the same type of product on the exact same listing right next to the primary image there. It's a great shielding spot that would have been taken by another competitor and taken them off. So this is a little tour of the listing. So you see some places where they couldn't do shielding. There's organic shielding frequently bought together. There's a bunch of paid shielding. Look, they took up all spots, the whole row. Sponsored products. There's organic shielding because that's customers who bought this. Also bought. And it wasn't sponsored by. Scroll down more. There's more organic shielding. That's product carousel. Those are basically free clickable ads. Right? More organic shielding. This is posts. Then if I scroll down more, some competitors got some spots there, but I've got some paid shielding spots here. Knocked off the competitors there. More paid shielding here with the sponsored brand video. And then if I scroll all the way to the bottom, even more page shielding with sponsored products and more sponsored product page shielding. So absolutely crushing it versus that one listing that we looked at when we just started this. That was not doing so well. Right. Okay, guys, we're gonna wrap up because we're five minutes over time here. I'm gonna skip through this concept of concentric circles. This is a framework that we didn't go over in day one that we normally do. And I'm just gonna bump this to tomorrow. So let me just speed through this and we'll talk through this tomorrow. This is basically a framework that you can use for every type of ad that you run and we call it concentric circles. I'll talk to you about it tomorrow. So yeah, keep in mind, when you're running these ads, you need to get data back, right? Data about what targeting is working best for the sponsored brand ads. Data about what creative is working best. You have a whole new layer of data that you need to get back. Now you want to use the targeting data that you got from sponsored product ads and apply it to the sponsored brand ads because it's likely to work in sponsored brand if it has worked in sponsored products. So this is what we call campaign chaining. Take the data from one campaign and apply those learnings to the other campaigns so that you can advance and accelerate the time to effectiveness of those ads. So this is the thing. So if you, you need to get the data back one way or another and you have to spend either time or money to get that data. So it's really. You just need to spend money to get the data. But if you have a budget that's based on time, like a monthly budget or a weekly budget, that means that if that budget is low, you're gonna have to wait longer to get the intended result. So just keep that in mind. This is one of those what I just said. Campaign chaining is one of the ways to accelerate that. And by the way, focus on the. We're covering so many different concepts this week, right? Focus on what is the lowest hanging fruit for you. What could you do with the least amount of resources to provide the greatest leverage impact Based on everything that we covered today, and especially when it comes to creative, don't try to do it all at once. Figure out what would work best for you in the most immediate fashion with the least amount of resources and the highest potential probability of success. And just focus on that. And also if you want us to do it for you, that's literally what we do professionally. We are a PPC partner, not an agency. We actually partner with you. We run that whole feedback loop. We do everything that I'm talking about this whole week. So yeah, you can just message a moderator and mods. You could, you could drop the link in here if you want to book a call to talk to us about being a partner. And yeah, I'll tell you guys a little bit more about how we work later on. So day three, Actions and treasures. I want you guys to initiate one organic and one paid brand shielding tactic that we went over today. Okay. So we went over a bunch, right? Just implement one One of each. Either one sponsored product shielding ad, one sponsored display shielding ad, or one sponsored brand shielding ad and either sponsored either implementing Amazon posts or implementing a product carousel or implementing the brand story or try or implementing some kind of system that will get you frequently bought together. Do something organic and something paid for shielding. And I can tell you whether a little or a lot this will impact the economics of your brand because it'll impact the economics of the ads going to that product. It increases your conversion rate by having less people click off the listing and it can also increase your average order value because more people see more of your products so you can get bigger more products added to cart and your average order value can go up. Which is one way to one easy way to improve the economics of your whole your whole brand. And then initiate a sponsored brand custom headline custom image ad like the way we just talked about today, tailored to one of your best performing keywords from your analysis yesterday. So using that, that search term processor, when you found a keyword that has a really good click through rate, a really good conversion rate, tailor a headline and if you can an image to that keyword or that search term family and spin up a sponsored brand ad with an image and a headline. This is my challenge, this is my action for you guys. So if you get hung up or you need some ideas, that's the whole point of the communal aspect of what we do at the profitable PPC challenge with Sophie Society, jump pop it in the the mentors chat or show up to the office hours which are starting right after this and we'll figure it out all together, right? To help each other out as a community. Today, your treasure handout is the campaign structure for expand the expansion phase. And the expansion phase and the harvest phase are very similar, almost identical. The only real difference is the breakdown of ad spend. So you're going to see quite a few campaigns here. But this is like the fundamental structure once you get out of launch, this is like the base structure that you're going to have for pretty much every product. And we'll talk about how this changes based on certain initial conditions, like if you have a very high price product, for example, or if you have a consumables product, you know, these, these change somewhat significantly. If you have an invention that has very low search search volume, it changes how the campaign structure is and we'll discuss that in the next couple of days. But this structure, once you're out of launch, this is the one that you're going to spend the most time In. So make sure to review this tonight as one of your actions, start that organic and paid brand shielding tactic and initiate a sponsored brand custom headline custom image ad with product collection ad. Cool. Okay, guys, one thing we need to do before we start. You know what? I'm going to do the same thing I did yesterday where I'm going to give you guys an extra five minutes to come into office hours because people need breaks to pee and get water and stuff. But I need one thing from you before we wrap up and then we'll close off this session and office hours will be next. I need a nomination from you because one thing for those of you guys that have been to previous challenges that we do is we create a resource for you. So the reason that some of the resources we're giving you this week have been so game changing and valuable to you is because of this. We actually find out from you guys what you want, what would be valuable to you, and then we build it, you know, as part of this whole awesome communal vibe that we have going during this event. So what I want you to do is open up the chat, your, your mentorship chat and type in the one resource or guide or tool or checklist or diagnosis or whatever it is. Type in the one resource that you want from us. If you could have one thing from us, type in what that thing would be. And then what we're going to do is I'm going to aggregate all these nominations and tonight in your email with your handouts and your actions, I'm going to include a link to vote and you're going to be able to vote on which resource is most interesting to you that you would get the most value out of. So do that. Now, I'm going to let you guys type this in. So go ahead and just type it now. I'll just give it a minute or so. Watching them come in here, Seeing a lot of really, really interesting, really cool stuff that was unexpected. So this is cool. This is great. Thank you guys for being so engaged. This is such a good cohort. Honestly, this has got to be our best cohort yet. Awesome. Okay, thank you guys. If you haven't written that in yet, please do. Please write that in and keep an eye out for the vote tonight because we're not going to be able to make all of them that you guys nominate, but we are going to make the one that gets the most votes. So that is that. Make sure to get your nomination in there if you haven't gotten it in yet. This is the resource that you don't have, that you wish you had, that you think we could create for you. All right, that's it, guys. I will close it off now. We're going to give it an extra couple of minutes for people to come in. I'll start my room, you know, pretty much right away. I'm sure Hans will start room two pretty much right away as well. But, you know, you can have your five minutes and just 35 past hours when will be our sort of official start. Peace out, guys.

