Transcript for: Recording__607.mp4
Title: Recording #607
============================================================

Wide, shore. A. Yes. Can you remind me what was going on in the sound? So we learned some new factors to vowels in general. Long, short, tense, lax. Can you kind of recap what we went over? Well, we didn't discuss the lax sound. We just talked about the wide short A. Right. So for white, short a, It's. It's just. If I talk about the. Where the tongue is, the tongue will be pressed down almost like schwa, but a little bit more pressed down, I'll say. And then it also says that it will be more strained towards the. I mean, on the rear. Rear side, rear end. And. And then the mouth will be open, but also, you know, it will go a bit backward. That's one. And then jaw will be down. And basically, because the tongue is pushing backwards, it. Throat will be a bit tighter. That's. That's what it is. Yeah, yeah. And we went over. This is a short sound. What does that mean, short sound? It. It just means the weights. I mean, it's not relaxed. But by short, it doesn't mean how long it's stretched. But. Yeah, yeah. Really, what does short mean here? So we have long sounds, long vowels, and short vowels. Okay. And if you remember, one of them has movement, and one of them, the tongue stays still. I remember now. Yeah. Okay. So it's like. It's just. Whatever is happening, it's happening at the same time. Nothing's moving. Like, it's just staying there. If the tongue is pressed down the. For the entire duration of pronouncing the white short A, it's going to stay there. And also the lips, it'll be there. Like. So it's not a movement happening. Okay. Yeah, yeah. And we went over. We will go over all the short sounds first, and then we'll go into the long sounds and we'll talk about how they move. A lot of long sounds actually are moving from one position that is similar to a short sound to another. So one reason we go over the short vowels first is because when we get to the long vowels, we might be like, okay, it starts off in a position kind of like short e. But if we don't know what short e is, the, um, you know, you did mention for sure that the tongue is pressed down. The throat is a little tight, so it's a tense vowel. So tense means that the muscles will be tensed up. You know, like when you flex your arm, your muscles are contracting. They're tensed up. So if that's a tense sound, what would you guess a lax sound is? So lax is Short for relaxed. All right. More relaxed. Okay. Yeah. So what would you guess we're going to be doing when it comes to our next sound, which is called lax, short a. Perhaps the tongue will not be that much pressed down. But then I'm not. I'm just taking a guess here. The reason it stings is because of the. Because the tongue is pressed down and also was there. I mean, what do you say? Back of it or your end? Yeah, like the back of the tongue, it's pressed down. So one of the reasons it goes back. The back of the tongue is kind of further back than the chihuah would be, for example, is because it's pressed down. So the tongue has to go somewhere so it goes a little more forward, a little more backward. Just because you kind of pancake it. I think that should be the difference then. I mean, maybe that will not do that in the lax sounds. Correct me if I'm wrong. We will see. Yeah. So go ahead, open up. Lack, shore A. We're going to see. This is lacks, short A. It's another shore A. So what does that tell you? Hold on. Okay, so it will. Whatever we'll do, it will not. It will be. It will remain the same for the entire duration of the pronouns. Yes. There will be no movement. Let's explore what lacks is a little bit more. Whenever you're ready. Go ahead. Open, Lack, short A worksheet. Yeah. And read the explanation for me. Okay. Many English vowel sounds are short, meaning they are simple and static, using only one mouth morph or position. The tongue and mouth position must be exact so that it's not mistaken for another vowel or spoken indistinctly correct, causing the listener to ask for clarification. Since the term short refers to the simplicity of the vowel and not the duration, the sound may be stretched in some words and brief in others, but it remains in the same position, so it is still a short vowel. There are two short A sounds that must be distinguished. White, short A and lag, short A theory. This lesson will focus on relax, shorty. This sound is made by relaxing the mouth and tongue and arcing the tongue up just a little bit in the back. I'm sorry, do you mind putting them out? Sorry. The moving the mic a little bit farther from your mouth. Oh, sorry. Was it making, like a weird sound or. Yeah, yeah, it's fine. It's fine. Sorry. Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah, go ahead. I could hear you breathing. Oh, I'll just hold my breath. No, okay. Anyway, so there are two short A sounds that Must be distinguished. White, short A and lack short A. This lesson will focus on lack, shard A. This sound is made by relaxing the mouth and tongue and arcing the tongue up just a little bit in the back. The throat, lips, and jaw remains completely relaxed. All of this is done at once for a short static sound lag. Short A is common in the following combinations before R. Let's go over those in a second. Okay. Before you do that, thank you for holding your breath. Yeah, I. I'll try not to pass out. So let's go ahead and go over the first part. So it refreshed us on what a short sound is, which. Which, as we know, there will be no movement. It also talks about lax. So what was going on there? That's. Can you please. I get. Says relaxing the mouth and tongue. So that means probably it will be like schwa, but then there's a difference in the tongue. It says there's a arcing, arching the tongue up just a little bit in the back. I don't know how that's done. We'll see. And it also says the throat, lips, jaw remains completely relaxed. So this sounds like it will be totally like schwa. It will be like schwa as far as it is not tense and. And it is relaxed. So the lips, throat, and jaw will be very similar to schwa. The tongue will be different, though. Okay, so the tongue is up in the back and. Okay, well, we talked about the tense sound. We went over also kind of moves in the back. Right. The difference between tense and lax, though, is like we talked about with the arm, when you're kind of tensing up, everything's tightened and tense and kind of squished a little bit. As we saw in the last sound. It can still be in any position you want. You know, you can have your arm squished down here. If your arm is relaxed, not flexing your arm can also. It could still move the same as if it were tense. So the tongue is still able to go up and be relaxed. It won't be at rest, but it still will be relaxed. So it's kind of like, you know, you can walk and still be relaxed. You're still moving. You're still using your muscles. But then if you do something like, I don't know, like, if you go running, then your muscles will be more tense and kind of more. They're not as at ease anymore. So the movement doesn't really affect tense or laxness. It's just how you move, not whether or not you do move. If that makes sense. Okay, so any questions on that before we look at the sound a little more in depth? I don't understand what will happen, of course. Is there a diagram that we can refer to later on? Okay. The scentit page will always have a super fun diagram. Okay. Okay. Yeah, so we'll look at the diagram. We'll see if that clears up a little bit. Before that, let's go ahead and look at what it was saying about the combinations. Yeah. A lax shorty is common in the following combinations before R, after W in loan words from another other languages. Yeah. So have we talked about loanwords before? No. All right, so loanwords, like it says they're words from other languages. Yeah, we just borrow it from other languages loan words. We aren't giving them back, though. Yeah, yeah. It's basically from other words. Like, for example, when France took over England. There's a lot of words that we got from France that we now use in English, like judge, jury, justice. That J sound is actually from French. Okay. So if you hear a J in English, a lot of times it's a loan word from France or something like that. What this is saying is that in English, we usually only use this sound before R and after w, but other languages will use it in different situations. So it might not always be the case that that's where we find it. Okay. But it can be helpful because before R, for example, you're not going to have a schwa, as we've talked about. And I don't want to say never. No words that I know of. But I don't want to say never in case there's like that one. You won't really find the wide short A so or the sound we looked at last time won't be before are really. Okay. So if you're ever looking at spelling and you're like, which one is it? A makes five sounds. This is ridiculous. It can help narrow it down a little bit. Okay. And the note is the same we talked about last time a little bit. Should I read that? Yeah, go ahead. Now, when this vowel comes before ill or after W, you may hear people in many regions round up their lips as explained in the AEU diagraph. Yeah, it's a different sound we haven't looked at yet. Okay. Okay. It's basically saying that this sound and the au sound, which we will look at later, can be mixed around a little bit, depending on where the speaker is from. Okay. And then it says ill. And there was no mention of l in the paragraph just before that. At the combinations. Yeah. If it's before L, it's usually a loan word. Okay. Okay. So unfortunately, loanwords, it is in any sort of combination. So. But when the loan word happens to have the sound before l, this can happen where it's kind of turned into that other sound. Got it. Okay. All right, so let's look at this diagram. Yeah. All right, so this diagram, you could see the tongue is up in the back a little bit. What is happening with everything else? Yeah, the lips are relaxed, the jaw is slightly open, and that is it. Yeah. So it's very similar to schwa. You could see actually the little gray part is schwa. And it's very similar. Yeah, the tongue is just raised in the back a little bit. Now, one thing I do suggest is that not a lot of people are very familiar with using the back of their tongue muscles. That's not a muscle we use very often, that part of the tongue. There's a few sounds we use it on. For example, K. If you make a K sound. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, you can feel that you're lifting the back of your tongue. Same thing in G. But not many other sounds really. So sometimes it's easier to instead of try to use those muscles to lift the back of the tongue directly, sometimes it's easier to push the front of the tongue and your tongue kind of just lifts in the back naturally as a result. Okay. So it does say to arch the tongue in the back, but you'll see what works better for you. Some people do find it easier to push the front of the tongue back. You could see in the diagram as well, the front of the tongue's a little more back than the schwa. I am trying to do that right now. Yeah, I mean, well. Mm. Let's see how you naturally tend to do it in these example sounds. Okay, so if we go to these example words, do you want to pronounce some? Because I'm not really sure how. Okay, so do you want to hear me first? Yeah, I'll always go first unless I am listening for something specifically. But in this case, you could see a lot of these words follow the pattern we looked at. So Art R Chart, Charlie. There's that R there. But some of them don't like father. So you might be able to guess father is actually not English originally. Uh huh. Fun fact. Doesn't really mess with the sound. But yeah, you could see a lot of these have that W or an R there. Yeah. Art father. Do you want me to read. I'll read the first line. Okay. Yeah. Art, father, watch, car cards, Pilates. Now I want you to just read the next line. Don't really worry about shaping your tongue or anything. Just read it how you would naturally say these, and I'll listen to see if there needs to be any rearrangement. Sure. All three lines. Just the next one. Okay. Are water. Want. Far. Quantum wash. You know, the last two again. Quantum wash. Quantum wash. Yeah, Just. Just one more time. Quantum wash. Okay, read the next two. As you're reading the next two, I want you to pay attention. If you can feel the back of your tongue rising up, awesome. But that can be difficult to feel for at first, so it might be easier to feel where the tip of your tongue is. Now, if you remember, if the tip of your tongue is more back, then it tends to push the back of your tongue up. So see, if you could feel the back of your tongue, but also pay attention to where the tip of your tongue is. Should it. Should the back of the tongue touch the upper palate, by the way? So it should not. We're not going to really have any vowels that touch the top of the mouth because you need the air to be able to come through. So. So there's not really any vowels that will touch with K and g, like it does touch. But that's because there is that movement where it goes up, it stops the air, and then it comes down to release the sound. If we were touching the top of the mouth completely in a vowel sound, then the air wouldn't be able to go anywhere. It should maybe be in the middle, sometimes a little higher. So it might be helpful if you make the schwa sound. Pay attention where the tip of your tongue is, and you might be able to even feel your molars with the back of the tongue. What did you say? The last sentence? You might even be able to feel your molars with the side or the back of your tongue. Yeah, but if your tongue goes up, then the molars won't be on the side of your tongue like that. Yeah. So one way to kind of. If you can't really feel the tongue itself, which can be difficult for some people, it might be helpful to just see where it is in relation to the rest of your mouth. Like your teeth. Yeah. Okay, so which one should I read? Read the last two lines for me. Chard Pasta. Market. Arm. Karma. Heart. Charlie Plaza. Wand. Star. Starred architect. So could you feel where the tip of your tongue or back of your tongue was? Oh, all right. Go ahead. Start from the first line. Okay. It might be Helpful if you drag the sound out. So, for example, Art, as you're drawing it out, you can have the second. The tongue will not be moving, so you'll have a second to be able to tell what am I feeling as you make the sound. So, R. Where's the tip of my tongue? R. And so on. Art Father. Oh, Art father. Watch card. Pilates. How do you pronounce that one? Pilates. Pilates. Okay. Yeah. So actually the L is silent. So it's. Or, no, the L isn't silent, but it's in a different part. It's in a different syllable. Pa la deez. And there's a schwa in that. I. Yes, a lot is R. Water. Wand. Far. Quantum. I'm doing this with my hands. Wash. Wash. I don't know. So let's start with the tip of your tongue. Like I said, that can be sometimes a little easier. What do you feel with the tip of your tongue when you make a schwa sound? It's just touching the teeth slightly. Is it touching the teeth when you make this sound? Let's see. Art. No. Father. Watch. Car. No, it's sliding a slight. I mean, slightly backward. Yeah. Would you say it is touching anything? Yeah, it's still touching the bottom of the bottom of my mouth. Yeah, it's just. How far back would you say it goes? Well, what I'll say is it's touching the kind of. The gum. Even below the gum. Kind of. So it's touching right below the teeth. Not right below. Even below the gums. Nice. So do you know you might be able to feel it with the tip of your tongue. I don't know the scientific name, if it has any, but there's that little flap, that little skin flap. If you. If here's your teeth. If you put your tongue down, there's like a little flap near the bottom. Almost there. Almost there. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So I would say about the same. Sometimes I even touch. I don't know the name for it, but sometimes that is where my tongue is as I make this sound. So the fact that you're putting your tongue back and I can hear that you're not really tensing your tongue. Okay. You're saying the sound correctly for the most part. I would say that your back of your tongue is going up. Aha. Okay. Yeah. So like I said, it could be very difficult to feel the back of your tongue. What's going on back there? Nobody thinks about it, I think, ever. But starting with the tip of your tongue can be very helpful. Okay, so it sounds like you got that down. You're saying the word correctly. The only thing is that I did hear it was a little too relaxed in some words. I think that's why I had you repeat quantum and wash. It almost sounded like a little schwa, like maybe the tongue wasn't far back enough. I think since you're saying it correctly, you're having just the same thing we had with the last sound, where you're know how to. You know how to say the sound. Once we go over it, we polish it up a little bit. You're handling the sound itself pretty well. It's just new words or words where you didn't know it was this particular sound that you'll have to practice. Okay, so if you remember, with the wide, short a, you did it well for the most part. But there were a few words where you're like, oh, I thought it was a different sound. Would you say that that's happening because my tongue is touching the upper palate in the back? Is that why it's happening? I don't think it's that high, so I think it's the opposite, actually. If it's sounding a little more schwa. Like schwa is actually lower in the mouth. So I would say it's a matter of getting your tongue higher, which is a matter of pulling the tip of your tongue more back. So what I think would be a good practice, a good homework is to read these. You can go back and do the same thing with wide, short, a schwa, and just kind of try to get a feel and practice that. What's going on Question. Yeah. That way, when we do have a tongue that has to only move the middle or only move the back, it can be a little easier to precisely change it if it needs to be changed. Got it. Okay. So like I said, start with the tip of your tongue. Once you're comfortable, try to work on the middle and the back. And it can be helpful to just be like, okay, do I still feel my molars? Do I feel the side of my mouth? Maybe Do I feel the top teeth? Anything like that? Yeah. All right. Any questions about this practice? Are other sounds. Well, not about this one, but. But then I was practicing shoah today, and then we did white short A the day before. I mean, the week before. And what I realized is it's kind of confusing in some cases when we have a for the sha, and that's actually schwa and then white short a. So for some, I see that I pronounce them as schwa, whereas it should be by short A. Do you have any examples? I mean, I was. I didn't take note of that, but I was practicing them. And no, I don't have it ready right now. Okay. So. Yeah, but then I observed that. And would you say it's more like I have to memorize these things rather than there being. I mean, there is a rule that I can follow. So there are a couple rules we talked about. Schwa is the opposite of stress. So, for example, if you ever know a word will have stress on it, you'll know. Okay, it's not schwa. If it's before R, it's going to probably be lack shore A. There's very few. There are a few after W that would be maybe wide shore A. But again, it's most likely to be lax. So you can kind of figure out through where schwa is or. Or isn't. Plus the rules for lack short A kind of where wide short A would pop up, I'll be able to. Unfortunately, it is a bit of memorization and a little bit of rules, since it's kind of like here's a general rule, but not really. But I mean, I didn't see the general rules anywhere. Is there somewhere. Well, the stress rules. Yeah. For where schwa is, and then the before r and after W for lack charter. Those are the ones that we've talked about so far. Yeah. Okay. And except for that, I'll just have to kind of memorize that. Where. Unfortunately, wide shore A doesn't really have its own rules. It's kind of a. If it's nothing else, if it's not schwa, it's not lack shore a. More likely, there is also something called magic E. Have you heard of that? So magic E to make long A. For example, how would you. In the chat, how would you read that word? Fad? How would you read this word fad? Next word. Oh, fade. Yeah. So what's the difference? One is fad. That's wide, short A. And no fad. Yeah, that's wide short A. Fade. It's E. Kind of like E, Right? Yeah. So again, same pattern. How would you. Oh, sorry. Wait. Yeah. Huh. So it's not every time, but it is pretty common where if there's a silent E at the end, you know, for example, even this read ride or sorry, rid. Rid. Right. And ride. Yeah. So it's pretty common. Magic E is where you would use the long version of a vowel. Yeah. Okay. I. I'm not. I don't want to take much of your time right now with all these things, but I do hear a difference. When you read read and I read read, it's just re ad and this one is similar. Both are similar for me, I think. Oh, okay. But what is happening is very common. It's short I versus long E. We will definitely get into that. Yeah, yeah. It's actually pretty common. Okay. But, yeah. All right. I will send you some extra resources. If you have questions about those, let me know. And I would be interested in where you switch around short A and schwa. Okay. All right. I will see you next time, then. Yeah, see you next week. Yeah. Have a good week. Yeah, you too. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Wide, shore. A.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Can you remind me what was going on in the sound? So we learned some new factors to vowels in general. Long, short, tense, lax. Can you kind of recap what we went over?

Speaker B: Well, we didn't discuss the lax sound. We just talked about the wide short A. Right. So for white, short a, It's. It's just. If I talk about the. Where the tongue is, the tongue will be pressed down almost like schwa, but a little bit more pressed down, I'll say. And then it also says that it will be more strained towards the. I mean, on the rear. Rear side, rear end.

Speaker A: And.

Speaker B: And then the mouth will be open, but also, you know, it will go a bit backward. That's one. And then jaw will be down. And basically, because the tongue is pushing backwards, it. Throat will be a bit tighter. That's. That's what it is.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. And we went over. This is a short sound.

Speaker B: What does that mean, short sound? It. It just means the weights. I mean, it's not relaxed. But by short, it doesn't mean how long it's stretched. But.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Really, what does short mean here?

Speaker A: So we have long sounds, long vowels, and short vowels. Okay. And if you remember, one of them has movement, and one of them, the tongue stays still.

Speaker B: I remember now. Yeah. Okay. So it's like. It's just. Whatever is happening, it's happening at the same time. Nothing's moving. Like, it's just staying there. If the tongue is pressed down the. For the entire duration of pronouncing the white short A, it's going to stay there. And also the lips, it'll be there. Like. So it's not a movement happening. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. And we went over. We will go over all the short sounds first, and then we'll go into the long sounds and we'll talk about how they move. A lot of long sounds actually are moving from one position that is similar to a short sound to another. So one reason we go over the short vowels first is because when we get to the long vowels, we might be like, okay, it starts off in a position kind of like short e. But if we don't know what short e is, the, um, you know, you did mention for sure that the tongue is pressed down. The throat is a little tight, so it's a tense vowel. So tense means that the muscles will be tensed up. You know, like when you flex your arm, your muscles are contracting. They're tensed up. So if that's a tense sound, what would you guess a lax sound is? So lax is Short for relaxed.

Speaker B: All right. More relaxed. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. So what would you guess we're going to be doing when it comes to our next sound, which is called lax, short a.

Speaker B: Perhaps the tongue will not be that much pressed down. But then I'm not. I'm just taking a guess here. The reason it stings is because of the. Because the tongue is pressed down and also was there. I mean, what do you say? Back of it or your end?

Speaker A: Yeah, like the back of the tongue, it's pressed down. So one of the reasons it goes back. The back of the tongue is kind of further back than the chihuah would be, for example, is because it's pressed down. So the tongue has to go somewhere so it goes a little more forward, a little more backward. Just because you kind of pancake it.

Speaker B: I think that should be the difference then. I mean, maybe that will not do that in the lax sounds. Correct me if I'm wrong.

Speaker A: We will see.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So go ahead, open up. Lack, shore A. We're going to see. This is lacks, short A. It's another shore A. So what does that tell you?

Speaker B: Hold on. Okay, so it will. Whatever we'll do, it will not. It will be. It will remain the same for the entire duration of the pronouns.

Speaker A: Yes. There will be no movement. Let's explore what lacks is a little bit more. Whenever you're ready. Go ahead. Open, Lack, short A worksheet.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And read the explanation for me.

Speaker B: Okay. Many English vowel sounds are short, meaning they are simple and static, using only one mouth morph or position. The tongue and mouth position must be exact so that it's not mistaken for another vowel or spoken indistinctly correct, causing the listener to ask for clarification. Since the term short refers to the simplicity of the vowel and not the duration, the sound may be stretched in some words and brief in others, but it remains in the same position, so it is still a short vowel. There are two short A sounds that must be distinguished. White, short A and lag, short A theory. This lesson will focus on relax, shorty. This sound is made by relaxing the mouth and tongue and arcing the tongue up just a little bit in the back. I'm sorry, do you mind putting them out? Sorry. The moving the mic a little bit farther from your mouth.

Speaker A: Oh, sorry. Was it making, like a weird sound or.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, it's fine. It's fine.

Speaker A: Sorry. Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah, go ahead.

Speaker B: I could hear you breathing.

Speaker A: Oh, I'll just hold my breath.

Speaker B: No, okay. Anyway, so there are two short A sounds that Must be distinguished. White, short A and lack short A. This lesson will focus on lack, shard A. This sound is made by relaxing the mouth and tongue and arcing the tongue up just a little bit in the back. The throat, lips, and jaw remains completely relaxed. All of this is done at once for a short static sound lag. Short A is common in the following combinations before R. Let's go over those in a second. Okay. Before you do that, thank you for holding your breath.

Speaker A: Yeah, I. I'll try not to pass out. So let's go ahead and go over the first part. So it refreshed us on what a short sound is, which. Which, as we know, there will be no movement. It also talks about lax. So what was going on there?

Speaker B: That's. Can you please. I get. Says relaxing the mouth and tongue. So that means probably it will be like schwa, but then there's a difference in the tongue. It says there's a arcing, arching the tongue up just a little bit in the back. I don't know how that's done. We'll see. And it also says the throat, lips, jaw remains completely relaxed. So this sounds like it will be totally like schwa.

Speaker A: It will be like schwa as far as it is not tense and. And it is relaxed. So the lips, throat, and jaw will be very similar to schwa. The tongue will be different, though. Okay, so the tongue is up in the back and. Okay, well, we talked about the tense sound. We went over also kind of moves in the back. Right. The difference between tense and lax, though, is like we talked about with the arm, when you're kind of tensing up, everything's tightened and tense and kind of squished a little bit. As we saw in the last sound. It can still be in any position you want. You know, you can have your arm squished down here. If your arm is relaxed, not flexing your arm can also. It could still move the same as if it were tense. So the tongue is still able to go up and be relaxed. It won't be at rest, but it still will be relaxed. So it's kind of like, you know, you can walk and still be relaxed. You're still moving. You're still using your muscles. But then if you do something like, I don't know, like, if you go running, then your muscles will be more tense and kind of more. They're not as at ease anymore. So the movement doesn't really affect tense or laxness. It's just how you move, not whether or not you do move. If that makes sense.

Speaker B: Okay,

Speaker A: so any questions on that before we look at the sound a little more in depth?

Speaker B: I don't understand what will happen, of course. Is there a diagram that we can refer to later on? Okay.

Speaker A: The scentit page will always have a super fun diagram.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, so we'll look at the diagram. We'll see if that clears up a little bit. Before that, let's go ahead and look at what it was saying about the combinations.

Speaker B: Yeah. A lax shorty is common in the following combinations before R, after W in loan words from another other languages.

Speaker A: Yeah. So have we talked about loanwords before?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: All right, so loanwords, like it says they're words from other languages.

Speaker B: Yeah, we just borrow it from other languages loan words.

Speaker A: We aren't giving them back, though. Yeah, yeah. It's basically from other words. Like, for example, when France took over England. There's a lot of words that we got from France that we now use in English, like judge, jury, justice. That J sound is actually from French.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So if you hear a J in English, a lot of times it's a loan word from France or something like that. What this is saying is that in English, we usually only use this sound before R and after w, but other languages will use it in different situations. So it might not always be the case that that's where we find it.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: But it can be helpful because before R, for example, you're not going to have a schwa, as we've talked about. And I don't want to say never. No words that I know of. But I don't want to say never in case there's like that one. You won't really find the wide short A so or the sound we looked at last time won't be before are really.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So if you're ever looking at spelling and you're like, which one is it? A makes five sounds. This is ridiculous. It can help narrow it down a little bit. Okay. And the note is the same we talked about last time a little bit.

Speaker B: Should I read that?

Speaker A: Yeah, go ahead.

Speaker B: Now, when this vowel comes before ill or after W, you may hear people in many regions round up their lips as explained in the AEU diagraph.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's a different sound we haven't looked at yet.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: It's basically saying that this sound and the au sound, which we will look at later, can be mixed around a little bit, depending on where the speaker is from.

Speaker B: Okay. And then it says ill. And there was no mention of l in the paragraph just before that.

Speaker A: At the combinations.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: If it's before L, it's usually a loan word.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: So unfortunately, loanwords, it is in any sort of combination. So. But when the loan word happens to have the sound before l, this can happen where it's kind of turned into that other sound.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: All right, so let's look at this diagram.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: All right, so this diagram, you could see the tongue is up in the back a little bit. What is happening with everything else?

Speaker B: Yeah, the lips are relaxed, the jaw is slightly open, and that is it.

Speaker A: Yeah. So it's very similar to schwa. You could see actually the little gray part is schwa. And it's very similar. Yeah, the tongue is just raised in the back a little bit. Now, one thing I do suggest is that not a lot of people are very familiar with using the back of their tongue muscles. That's not a muscle we use very often, that part of the tongue. There's a few sounds we use it on. For example, K. If you make a K sound.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, you can feel that you're lifting the back of your tongue. Same thing in G. But not many other sounds really. So sometimes it's easier to instead of try to use those muscles to lift the back of the tongue directly, sometimes it's easier to push the front of the tongue and your tongue kind of just lifts in the back naturally as a result.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So it does say to arch the tongue in the back, but you'll see what works better for you. Some people do find it easier to push the front of the tongue back. You could see in the diagram as well, the front of the tongue's a little more back than the schwa.

Speaker B: I am trying to do that right now. Yeah, I mean, well. Mm.

Speaker A: Let's see how you naturally tend to do it in these example sounds. Okay, so if we go to these

Speaker B: example words, do you want to pronounce some? Because I'm not really sure how. Okay, so do you want to hear me first?

Speaker A: Yeah, I'll always go first unless I am listening for something specifically. But in this case, you could see a lot of these words follow the pattern we looked at. So Art R Chart, Charlie. There's that R there. But some of them don't like father. So you might be able to guess father is actually not English originally.

Speaker B: Uh huh.

Speaker A: Fun fact. Doesn't really mess with the sound. But yeah, you could see a lot of these have that W or an R there.

Speaker B: Yeah. Art father. Do you want me to read.

Speaker A: I'll read the first line.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: Art, father, watch, car cards, Pilates. Now I want you to just read the next line. Don't really worry about shaping your tongue or anything. Just read it how you would naturally say these, and I'll listen to see if there needs to be any rearrangement.

Speaker B: Sure. All three lines.

Speaker A: Just the next one.

Speaker B: Okay. Are water. Want. Far.

Speaker A: Quantum wash. You know, the last two again. Quantum wash. Quantum wash. Yeah, Just. Just one more time.

Speaker B: Quantum wash.

Speaker A: Okay, read the next two. As you're reading the next two, I want you to pay attention. If you can feel the back of your tongue rising up, awesome. But that can be difficult to feel for at first, so it might be easier to feel where the tip of your tongue is. Now, if you remember, if the tip of your tongue is more back, then it tends to push the back of your tongue up. So see, if you could feel the back of your tongue, but also pay attention to where the tip of your tongue is.

Speaker B: Should it. Should the back of the tongue touch the upper palate, by the way?

Speaker A: So it should not. We're not going to really have any vowels that touch the top of the mouth because you need the air to be able to come through. So. So there's not really any vowels that will touch with K and g, like it does touch. But that's because there is that movement where it goes up, it stops the air, and then it comes down to release the sound. If we were touching the top of the mouth completely in a vowel sound, then the air wouldn't be able to go anywhere. It should maybe be in the middle, sometimes a little higher. So it might be helpful if you make the schwa sound. Pay attention where the tip of your tongue is, and you might be able to even feel your molars with the back of the tongue.

Speaker B: What did you say? The last sentence?

Speaker A: You might even be able to feel your molars with the side or the back of your tongue. Yeah, but if your tongue goes up, then the molars won't be on the side of your tongue like that.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So one way to kind of. If you can't really feel the tongue itself, which can be difficult for some people, it might be helpful to just see where it is in relation to the rest of your mouth. Like your teeth.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, so which one should I read?

Speaker A: Read the last two lines for me.

Speaker B: Chard Pasta. Market. Arm. Karma. Heart. Charlie Plaza. Wand. Star. Starred architect.

Speaker A: So could you feel where the tip of your tongue or back of your tongue was? Oh, all right. Go ahead. Start from the first line.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: It might be Helpful if you drag the sound out. So, for example, Art, as you're drawing it out, you can have the second. The tongue will not be moving, so you'll have a second to be able to tell what am I feeling as you make the sound. So, R. Where's the tip of my tongue? R. And so on.

Speaker B: Art Father. Oh, Art father. Watch card. Pilates. How do you pronounce that one?

Speaker A: Pilates.

Speaker B: Pilates. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. So actually the L is silent. So it's. Or, no, the L isn't silent, but it's in a different part. It's in a different syllable. Pa la deez.

Speaker B: And there's a schwa in that. I. Yes, a lot is R. Water. Wand. Far. Quantum. I'm doing this with my hands. Wash. Wash. I don't know.

Speaker A: So let's start with the tip of your tongue. Like I said, that can be sometimes a little easier. What do you feel with the tip of your tongue when you make a schwa sound?

Speaker B: It's just touching the teeth slightly.

Speaker A: Is it touching the teeth when you make this sound?

Speaker B: Let's see. Art. No. Father. Watch. Car. No, it's sliding a slight. I mean, slightly backward. Yeah.

Speaker A: Would you say it is touching anything?

Speaker B: Yeah, it's still touching the bottom of the bottom of my mouth. Yeah, it's just.

Speaker A: How far back would you say it goes?

Speaker B: Well, what I'll say is it's touching the kind of. The gum. Even below the gum. Kind of.

Speaker A: So it's touching right below the teeth.

Speaker B: Not right below. Even below the gums.

Speaker A: Nice. So do you know you might be able to feel it with the tip of your tongue. I don't know the scientific name, if it has any, but there's that little flap, that little skin flap. If you. If here's your teeth. If you put your tongue down, there's like a little flap near the bottom.

Speaker B: Almost there. Almost there.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. So I would say about the same. Sometimes I even touch. I don't know the name for it, but sometimes that is where my tongue is as I make this sound. So the fact that you're putting your tongue back and I can hear that you're not really tensing your tongue.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: You're saying the sound correctly for the most part. I would say that your back of your tongue is going up.

Speaker B: Aha. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: So like I said, it could be very difficult to feel the back of your tongue. What's going on back there? Nobody thinks about it, I think, ever. But starting with the tip of your tongue can be very helpful. Okay, so it sounds like you got that down. You're saying the word correctly. The only thing is that I did hear it was a little too relaxed in some words. I think that's why I had you repeat quantum and wash. It almost sounded like a little schwa, like maybe the tongue wasn't far back enough. I think since you're saying it correctly, you're having just the same thing we had with the last sound, where you're know how to. You know how to say the sound. Once we go over it, we polish it up a little bit. You're handling the sound itself pretty well. It's just new words or words where you didn't know it was this particular sound that you'll have to practice. Okay, so if you remember, with the wide, short a, you did it well for the most part. But there were a few words where you're like, oh, I thought it was a different sound.

Speaker B: Would you say that that's happening because my tongue is touching the upper palate in the back? Is that why it's happening?

Speaker A: I don't think it's that high, so I think it's the opposite, actually. If it's sounding a little more schwa. Like schwa is actually lower in the mouth. So I would say it's a matter of getting your tongue higher, which is a matter of pulling the tip of your tongue more back. So what I think would be a good practice, a good homework is to read these. You can go back and do the same thing with wide, short, a schwa, and just kind of try to get a feel and practice that. What's going on Question. Yeah. That way, when we do have a tongue that has to only move the middle or only move the back, it can be a little easier to precisely change it if it needs to be changed.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: So like I said, start with the tip of your tongue. Once you're comfortable, try to work on the middle and the back. And it can be helpful to just be like, okay, do I still feel my molars? Do I feel the side of my mouth? Maybe Do I feel the top teeth? Anything like that?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: All right. Any questions about this practice? Are other sounds.

Speaker B: Well, not about this one, but. But then I was practicing shoah today, and then we did white short A the day before. I mean, the week before. And what I realized is it's kind of confusing in some cases when we have a for the sha, and that's actually schwa and then white short a. So for some, I see that I pronounce them as schwa, whereas it should be by short A.

Speaker A: Do you have any examples?

Speaker B: I mean, I was. I didn't take note of that, but I was practicing them. And no, I don't have it ready right now.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So. Yeah, but then I observed that. And would you say it's more like I have to memorize these things rather than there being. I mean, there is a rule that I can follow.

Speaker A: So there are a couple rules we talked about. Schwa is the opposite of stress. So, for example, if you ever know a word will have stress on it, you'll know. Okay, it's not schwa. If it's before R, it's going to probably be lack shore A. There's very few. There are a few after W that would be maybe wide shore A. But again, it's most likely to be lax. So you can kind of figure out through where schwa is or. Or isn't. Plus the rules for lack short A kind of where wide short A would pop up, I'll be able to. Unfortunately, it is a bit of memorization and a little bit of rules, since it's kind of like here's a general rule, but not really.

Speaker B: But I mean, I didn't see the general rules anywhere. Is there somewhere.

Speaker A: Well, the stress rules.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: For where schwa is, and then the before r and after W for lack charter. Those are the ones that we've talked about so far.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And except for that, I'll just have to kind of memorize that. Where.

Speaker A: Unfortunately, wide shore A doesn't really have its own rules. It's kind of a. If it's nothing else, if it's not schwa, it's not lack shore a. More likely, there is also something called magic E. Have you heard of that? So magic E to make long A. For example, how would you. In the chat, how would you read that word?

Speaker B: Fad?

Speaker A: How would you read this word fad? Next word. Oh, fade. Yeah. So what's the difference?

Speaker B: One is fad. That's wide, short A. And no fad. Yeah, that's wide short A. Fade. It's E. Kind of like E, Right?

Speaker A: Yeah. So again, same pattern. How would you. Oh, sorry.

Speaker B: Wait.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Huh.

Speaker A: So it's not every time, but it is pretty common where if there's a silent E at the end, you know, for example, even this read ride or sorry, rid. Rid. Right. And ride. Yeah. So it's pretty common. Magic E is where you would use the long version of a vowel.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. I. I'm not. I don't want to take much of your time right now with all these things, but I do hear a difference. When you read read and I read read, it's just re ad and this one is similar.

Speaker A: Both are similar for me, I think. Oh, okay. But what is happening is very common. It's short I versus long E. We will definitely get into that.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: It's actually pretty common.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: But, yeah.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker A: I will send you some extra resources. If you have questions about those, let me know. And I would be interested in where you switch around short A and schwa.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: All right. I will see you next time, then. Yeah, see you next week. Yeah. Have a good week.

Speaker B: Yeah, you too. Bye.

