Transcript for: Recording__1114.mp4
Title: Recording #1114
============================================================

A good thing to ask good questions. Right? And like. But I'm like, man, we demand a lot from people. Are you working on Susie? I can't remember what she said. I asked her this question. Are you working on her chocolate launch as well? No, I'm not, I'm not. She's working with someone else on that she worked on. I mean, that same company worked on our previous brand and they have a different kind of agreement. It's not, you know, monthly payment. So, yeah, it's like equity and all. I am probably not supposed to talk about all these things. I'm sorry. But yeah, it's a different kind of agreement that they have and they're working together. Okay. Some of these things. So the first one is definitely a new Bob. So I'll wait for him. But just. Yeah, the video content being rejected and that was that new one that I sent you, right? Like, that was the new snack. That's. Yes. And the funny thing is it didn't get rejected for all the campaigns that you launched. It got rejected for two of them and it still got accepted in the two others. And I think if we want to resolve this, we either have to make it clear that there is no audio, something like that, or maybe add a music to it. That's it. Add a new what, sorry? A music. Some kind of music to take away the music or. No, there is no music. It had a. It had a music. Did it? I forgot. The suggestion is to change the music, basically. Well, no, if it had a music, then there is no point in changing the music. I thought that it has no audio at all. Right, Suggestion is to add music. Yeah. Why? So enlighten me. Why would that help? Like, what did they reject about it? Well, if you read their email, they said the reason is, I mean, if it has no audio, it has to be clear to the people, the audience that there is no audio. So you can either add that there is no audio, just no audio, simply written on the video, or, you know, you can just add a music to it. Is that just so people don't get mad? Like trying to make thinking that their computer is not working or something? Why is that? I'm not sure. This is Amazon's ad policy and probably they are also keeping doing this because they want to provide customers a good experience. Maybe they don't or want them to go through this experience of having them to think it has music, but they ultimately cannot. I mean, when they try to unmute it, they see it doesn't have anything. Okay, so do you want. How does that work? Do you want me to add the music? Like, do I do that or is that something that you do? I cannot edit videos. I have no knowledge of doing that. So if you could do that. So I just need to find Britney to find royalty free music. Who edited that video? Like, who created that video? The graph. The girl we have who's doing graphic design. Yeah. Could she not do that? Yeah. So, yeah. Brittany. To find royalty free music to add to the video. Hello. You're on mute. Am I? No, I think I'm just. No, no. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Sorry for being late. I was just dealing with the crappy shipment. Oh, no. Yeah. Okay, well, you guys can take over if you'd like and then I'll go back to my stuff. Oh, yeah, sure. So I knew, Bob, you were on that. I'm just taking notes for Alicia. I think her only question I'm sure you were on that email was just the status on the five leader. Yeah. So we did book a shipment through UPS Suham for 10 units. And it generated 10 different unique labels for us though, which is fine because at the end of the day, even if I club and try to send five in a box and change the pack slip, the weight of the shipment will determine the freight cost. And we have UPS coming every day. So I don't think it will be a problem. It's just that it will be 10 different shipments for 10 different units. Okay. And another update. So we did receive the 28 units back from Amazon, but input I just got this morning from my warehouse team, 14 units were. Okay, 14 units were damaged. Like the carton boxes were damaged. I see. But again, we made sure because at the time when we dispatched, everything was intact. There was no leakage, there was no tone cartons. But how we received it back, it was bad. We have to literally change the outer box to make it sellable. Got it. Is the product intact inside? Yeah. Okay, because that's a bladder. So we pack the oil in a bladder and then we case it. So the bladder is intact, it's not leaking or something, but the box is damaged. Got it. Got it. Okay, well now we don't know at what stage it got damaged. At what stage. Yes. Yeah, that is something which we are trying to investigate to see what might have caused it. But it came as it is. Like they opened the boxes and they found just received like day before. Got it. Okay. Okay. So that was that. And coming about inventory planning for Canada before we do jump into it, once we wind up these numbers I'll just quickly need your help in showing how to delete one SKU because I did it multiple times Soham and I'm not getting success with it. With my unwanted SKUs I tried putting a quantity like if it is one unit I tried to put it as dispose. It will help me to clear it out automatically but some of the items is not helping me with it. So maybe I'll show you at the last once I try to log in into the portal. Okay. For the numbers on the Hero SBUs for Amazon Canada so three pack variety for roasted chickpeas we are sitting at 232 units. So I think we are pretty much in sync with what we plan to have. However, my next shipment production will be the week after, not the next week. I don't have anything going out next week. I just have a plan of shipment that is being prepped right away when we are talking and probably so one shipment we dispatched to us yesterday and one is being planned for dispatch today. So whatever you see in the working these are being shipped today from our warehouse. So we won't have any of the SKUs for next week but the build could be the week after. So do you think this number we need to send some more? No, we should be good. Okay then our 28 grams snacks Mac we are sitting at 2012 93. So this is close to 500 right. So I'm thinking another 300 units. That's my thinking. Okay, so good news about this product. We participated in the Prime Day program and of course it did well during the Prime Days. But the outcome that we were expecting is for it to improve organic ranking for for many of the promising keywords which happened and it stayed kind of not, I mean kind of intact. It's much better than what it was before participating in the Prime Day. The sell through has improved a lot for this product and I'm hoping that it will improve from here. It will only go up from here. Well I shouldn't say only go up. There are a lot of nuances so we'll talk about that later. But I think it will keep on improving and right now at this current rate it will do something about 510 units which is close to 488 that we see here. But if we also assume that it's going to improve with time. Again this is just an assumption. The rate maybe it will do 500 in the next 30 days and then maybe it will do 550. So of course I'll have to adjust the forecast the Summary. This is the 28 gram. This is the 18th grams. Yes, exactly. So the summary is we probably should ascend a little bit more. Maybe instead of 300, maybe 500. If we can do that, that will make sure that we are in stock. And also we probably will participate in the back to school. We'll do something for back to school. We'll have to discuss about that Brittany. So probably we'll expect another increase in sales next month. Okay, so that's about this product. How about we talk about the next one? Putting. The Next is our 15 gram snacks to go. I think we are setting with the new shipment being going out. I think we should be pretty okay with it. But again production will be in the week after. So. Definitely we have more than three months with this 51500 going in. So do you think we should do like three pallets, like 600 or something? Okay, so for this product, something that we are observing right now, this product is slowing down and I mean we can find different excuses or reasons if we want to. One thing could be that after prime day the season slows down a little bit. That's one. Seasonality could be one more thing. I'll show you some data later on. What word did you send? Seasonality like the search the demand probably. I'll show you a graph later on where I have plotted how the demand changes year over like month over month for the last two to three years. And it generally slows down, let's say towards June, July and in September again sees a jump before the back to school season. And then it again keeps on going down until the end of the year. Then again in January it picks back up. So that's generally the trend. So these are the two things I could mention right now behind, I mean as the reason for slowdown but it's definitely slowing down. That's what I see for now. So sending 15. Yeah. Wouldn't you also say, I mean obviously we now have a competing product, right. Like the snack to go. That's another one. So it may happen that that product is taking away some of the customers from the old one. That could also be another reason. These are all hypothesis that we have. Yeah, yeah. So I think sending 1500 units will be will be overstocking at Amazon if we do that. Because anubhav the thing is we also are supposed to. Oh, this is already being booked. Like the shipment is already booked and ready and ready to go. Those 1500. But you said we are. We didn't manufacture them yet. No, no. So that is working. So that is just in the process of getting dispatched. So once it goes out it will be showing as shipped. So I'll just open this up. So this 4300 is including 1500. So anything that is from available to receiving. So that will give you account of 4375. Right. So and then there are unfulfillable for units. So that will give you a total units of 4371. So this includes the 1500 that we are planning to dispatch today. Oh wow. So they are ready packaged and ready to go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. I think we maybe we may end up paying overstock fee if we send 1500 units. But this is based on our couple weeks back discussion. Yeah. And we made look at this number. So is there something that you could do to change this? I mean delete the shipment and I understand that will take some extra effort. Can I do that? So right now. So without 1500 we would be sitting at close to 2500. Then I mean I will send some, not all 1500. We have to resticker. It won't go out until next week. We have to resticker all the box labels. Okay, that's also fine. Got it. I mean I think it's also fine if we delay it by a week because this product has enough stock based on the current sell through. So I don't mind delaying it one more week. But I do think that if we send 1500 units we may end up paying an over storage fee unless the sales stream proves so. Okay, what about. But that will affect my other skus as well. So if I hold the shipment. So I had so for example two pack oil unit sold 167. That was a big jump. Right. And including 96 my number is 226. So which is less than two months stock. So I definitely need to send the current 96. And on top of it I was planning to send 250 more. Okay. And if I change your shipment, let's say if I plan to drop just next to go from my current plan. I have to resticker the other skus. Right. Because my shipment cannot just. If my shipment cancels, my new shipment number will be generating. So for which I have to resticker all the box labels. Yeah. Everything will be will have to be changed. So everything will be impacted. Basically. Not just old snack to go. Yeah. So what do you think we do here? I'll give you my card. At least you have to have because I'm so you're saying, okay, when with this number. Like let's say if I dispatch, if I plan to dispatch the 1500 units as it is, is there a make or break between one week stock? Because you know that receiving takes time in at Amazon. Plus this one is going to Ontario, which will take easily more than a week for us. Yeah. So that is my only concern. That delaying a week and going through that hassle of repacking, if it is just a week, I don't think overstocking fees will apply for just one week. Right. Unless you want to reduce that 1500 to 800. You know, then it's a different ball game altogether. Okay, what, what will happen if we do? No, what I'm saying is like if you are planning to reduce the quantity, then otherwise holding it for a week, I don't think it would make or break. Oh no, I was not thinking of just holding it. I was thinking of just reducing the quantity from 1500 to something else. So what will happen is, let's say if I dispatch. Okay, I've already declared my pallets labels. Also, like everything is completed. So. So if I say short ship it and Amazon said, oh, we never found the units, that that is one option. But we have already prepared pallet labels and everything. So. Okay, so let's think about it for a while. So let's say, let's say that we send this out. How much overstock will we really? Yeah, like they start charging fee after three months. We Perfect. Thanks so much. Appreciate it. May end up paying for overstock fee for about thousand units there for about a month. Maybe that's what will happen. Okay, So. The only option is to cancel the shipment then. No, hold on, hold on. Let's think about and rebooking it without the snacks to go. But I'll think about it for a while. Yeah, That will basically mess up with the entire thing. That's what I'm thinking. And delay the things for the other listings. Yeah. What do you think, Brittany? Should we just go ahead with this? Well, my fear is because the, because the 18 gram, it was on prime day, so it's just so hard to tell. Like, did all of those people just go there just to sample it for one month and then they're gonna come back? You know what I mean? Like the value. If I'm packing kids lunches, the 30 pack is a better value. Right. So I think for those people. So I just think it's so hard. I don't envy your job. I think it's hard to make an assumption on forecasting when it's a brand new product and it was on prime days. Yeah, true. Right. Because so another suggestion would be like say we are close to overstock, like could we put this one on sale then for a little bit and just get rid of some. Yeah, we can do that. Okay. And you mean what you say through ad spend on that particular skill? You mean no promotions? No. So she's talking about doing promotions and which is also something we plan to do. So yeah, definitely we can do that. I think. You know what, let's keep it. Let's keep the 1500 units and we'll talk about the promotions. Because this product listing has never participated in any promotion. But we do have the opportunities upcoming. So probably we'll participate in that and then that will help with the sell through. Okay. Okay. So definitely I'm not pulling any more for now. I'm not planning. So let us keep that number to 751. Yeah. Okay. So that is black. Coming back to our next sku, which is lentils variety pack, we are sitting at right on sweet spot of three months worth inventory. But with two weeks lost in next production, I'm thinking another 30 units. Okay. Okay. The last is two pack oil. So 167. So that is close to 480 or something. Right. For three months. So currently we are sitting at 226. So. So let's say 167 though this number will change based on non prime days. I think so. Yeah. It's back to kind of normal range. So yeah, yeah, we can just assume that we'll do around 110 units a month and then send accordingly. Okay. So if you sell 110 so that will be like close to 330. So we are sitting on 226 including the one we are planning to send. So definitely I can do another palette. My one full palette is 96 units. Okay. So should I do 96? Yeah, sure. 96 plus. Yeah, sounds about right. 96 will be one palette or I can even do two if you want. Two pallets. 96 times like close to 200. Or don't. Or you don't think that is needed for now? I don't think so. The sales sail through is back to the usual, you know, it just happened because of the prime day. Okay. Okay. So we discussed about the oil that we are trying to send 10 more. And the last SKU is power variety pack. I think we are sitting pretty much on a nice spot in terms of inventory. Like total 96 units. Are available. Yeah, that was Canada. And just a quick suggestion based on. So I sent an email to you Soham on our learnings and findings for our six pack snacks to go. Like the missing SKU labels. So me and Natasha, we were on the production line and we figured out that what if we move to pre stickering the bags for now like what we are thinking is we will just pre sticker each bag. But for that what will happen, my current SKU codes in our ERP will change. But it doesn't relate to anything in Amazon. Right. For Amazon it is still six units being sold under a master case. So I don't think we need to change any Amazon portal code if we are changing our internal codes. Right? Yeah. So that was the question. Right. So that was my first. So we are thinking to pre label the bags with FNSQ stickers and gradually moving to ordering the batch directly from the supplier. Having that FNSQ barcode instead of our UPC UPC barcode. So that will change the artwork. But will that force you to change anything in Amazon portal in terms of code? No. Right. Perfect. Okay. So at that stage is it okay to skip the SKU label? So each time I generate a shipment it will give me a prompt. Right? Generate SKU labels, generate box labels so I can skip that stage. Right. Because if I'm moving to a stage where already my bags are pre designed with FNSQ labels. So I'll just skip that stage. During shipment creation I will not print any of the SKU labels. I'll just print box labels. Okay. By SKU level you mean FSQ levels. Fnsq. So in this Snacks to go variety pack, what we are doing is we are sticking each back by opening a master carton of six so FNSQ labels from Amazon and then on top of the carton box label from Amazon. Got it. Okay. Yes. You will not need of course FSQ code if it is already there. You don't need to generate the FSQ code separately or label them separately. That's taken care of. All you need to take. So Amazon is not bothered that hey, you should always be putting my FNSQ label. That's not a criteria. Right? For expiry dated products we are always. If you really abide by the policies, then it's supposed to have the FNSQ barcode. Either we label it or we let Amazon label it. Just just one second. So. You, you know that there is a specific design format of how that FNSQ is. So it shows. I'LL just show a snapshot to you. Maybe, maybe. If that helps. So if I go to Amazon, let's say Amazon. I'm just giving you an example from my current week shipment, let's say July shipments. Just give me one second. So this is my barcode. I can replicate the barcode with the, with the new design of the bag. But do I need to replicate this line also then? Because that is how the FNSQ appears. I would say that's not necessary. Really, you can just keep the, you know, the barcode. Yeah. Okay, So I'll just put a quick comment on my tracker and then update it. Okay, that was one. And my next topic was. Can we have both bags of snacks to go in Amazon's fulfillment center inventory? So one where we sticker the bags with Amazon labels like the existing ones and say the bags with new design of pre labeled fnsq. Can we have both inventories sitting in Amazon simultaneously Or we have to wait to phase out the inventory of one of a kind and then switch to the other? No, no, they can. Both of them can stay together at the same time. Both of them can stay. But will there be a design conflict? Like will there be a product conflict of how it is being configured and sitting there? No, no, it's not. If the product is exactly the same, you just. All you did is change the FSQ barcode, right? I mean it's not even changed. It's just once FSQ barcode on one you have it stickered and another one it has printed. So no. Okay, perfect. Yeah, no need to wait for inventory space out. Okay, I'll sum that up later on for my internal and okay, let us just quickly move to the USSQS. So first and foremost our Power Beans variety pack. Three packs we had 40 units and currently sitting on close to 80. But again the numbers might be affected due to prime day sales. I'm thinking 12 to 15. To be frank, I don't have. Like, what's your say? Like should we just fill like 40. Oh, how many units? Yeah, sure. So if you look at just the unit sold. Yes, according to that, I mean from here you also need to check the actual sell through and also what's on the forecast. So let's see. Give me one second. Yeah, It's the. B094. Okay. Yeah, it sold about 42 units. It's all right then. Yeah, sure. So in that case, whatever you see on this report is okay. And sending 40 units should be sufficient. About that units around that many units should Be sufficient. Okay then. Next is our 15 gram snacks to go for us side of the business. So we are sitting at 236 including everything like in between. There is nothing in transit but everything is either available or in between fulfillment centers. Okay, so does that mean we are in a good situation right now? 72, 3. Yeah, looks like we're okay at this rate. Or do you want me to plan some the week after for build. Like 70? How often do you send this inventory? Yeah, so the problem is for us in last couple shipments I've been just sending one sku. So probably I can wait to see if like I'm just sending like this week I'm just sending one small shipment, you know, for whatever. This is working. Yeah, this last rescue chip is variety pack. That's the only skill that I've been sending. I don't have any other SKU to plan to mix. Right. Yeah, I think it will remain about the same even this week. I. Yeah, it looks like we're in a good situation for the 30 pack anyway. Let's go up. Okay, let us re look at it then. Let's look at the Camelina oil. What's going on with that? So for Camelina oil it is close to a month's inventory. I would say so definitely we need to up that number. So my suggestion was to go for like 60 units. Sure. Yeah. Sounds good. Yeah. And then new one 28 grams. We are sitting on 84 units as available. Yeah, that's good enough for now because apart from the. I mean it didn't really sell us 37 units in the last 30 days because that's also includes vine program. So we are okay with the inventory for now. So we don't need to. Oh yeah, it's 84. Right. And plus you are anticipating it won't be that much for now. No, it's not doing any. Yeah, we'll see if it picks back up. Okay, perfect. And for the chickpeas, I don't think we need to. We are just sending 60 units more and it didn't have a promising number there. So I'll just keep it with the shipment. Okay. Okay. That was from my side and only last thing that remains is for Amazon. So let's say if I want to look at any of the item deletion. So let's say if I want to delete FG265 from us if I'm on the US portal, should I go to inventory, manage all inventory? Yeah, yeah. And if I'm looking at. Let's say fg265. Just give me a sec. That was dash one. That I can do this. So we are in us and. I think you also need to type AF and G in capital. Or it got deleted even if you don't find it even after searching. Okay, yeah, this one. So you know what, I think you already know how to delete it. It just didn't happen. So maybe let's try one more time and let's see if that happens. So there are two options. One is select group action where it will shows closed listing or delete listing. So which one between these two do you think is more appropriate between closing and deleting? Closing will still keep it on this Manage all Inventory page will just show that closed. If you really don't want it to show up on the Manage all Inventory page, then you need to delete it. Okay, so that was one option and the other one which I had tried was like if there is any single unit left then I would need go for, you know, like removal order. Creating a removal order is what I used to do because if there is any one standard unit or two standard units, it won't allow you to delete it. Right. So you have to create a removal order and wait for it to get. Get removed. So for this one I. I can just do delete listing. Right. This is what I had done in the past. Yeah. Okay, so I'll just. Yeah, I'll just keep it deleted and I'll see. Come again? Both. Maybe delete both of the SKUs. Maybe you don't need the other one. No, so I'm. I'm using 265 1. Oh, you are using that. Okay, let me see. Oh no, actually I'm not. Yeah, it was having some units. Let me see. Okay. Yeah, we. So yeah, these are those. Yeah, I can actually read them because they are now run down of inventory. Right. So. Okay. Okay. Then I check and if I see anything, I'll just give you maybe a message confirmation through email then. Sure. And let me see if there is any stranded inventory then probably I can take one quick example. So this one shows for example unfulfillable267 1. It shows unfulfillable one. So the only option which I have is to create a removal order. Something is sketchy here allowing me to reload the pages. Do one quick time. Again, There is some bug which. Yeah, yes, but this is the correct step, right? Yeah. It doesn't allow you to remove. Also like removal order. It doesn't allow you to. Yeah. Does it enter into an auto mode at Amazon? Well, so I don't know what's going on here, but ideally, when you create a removal order, you can also see whether it gets processed or not right from the fulfillment report. And if you're really. If you really don't want to see this listing anymore, you can also just delete this listing. What will happen is this unfulfillable inventory unit will show up as a stranded unit and you can create a renewable order for that stranded. So. Oh, okay. It's okay. Yeah. Okay. I'll try with those couple hacks. And whenever we get any label alert, for example, you know that six pack got alerted, so they suggested some resolve errors kind of thing. So do you think we need to clear those things or does it impact anything? I think we should. Yes, please do that. Yeah, I'm just trying to see if I'm getting any kind of warning. So if I say if I go to US shipments, inventory. So these ones review defects. So the barcodes were missing, like how we had identified last time 12 units were received before without it. So if I hit the resolve button, they will tell me what the actual barcode was. And this was the funny one. Like this is the ASIN barcode, which we never use. We never prepared it ever. So we still are clueless about this. That how can. And asin. So I'll just go and say acknowledge the defect. Well, in this case, if you really believe that, I mean, you can also do that, like you can submit a dispute and then say, I mean, we never had any product with this barcode. We generally have our UPC barcode on it. Then you can attach a picture of the product with the upc. Okay, that will prove that, prove your point, basically. Oh, yes. Okay. I can do that. Okay, so I'm free to use these tools, right? And I updated so that it doesn't go or come in the picture that this is unattended by three farmers or something. Right? That's right. Yes. Okay, perfect. I'll do this. Okay. That's it. From my side, so. Okay. All right. Brittany, you're mute. I said thanks, Anubhava. Yeah. Okay, thanks. All right. Thank you. Have a good day. Yeah. Okay, Brittany, so do you go through inventory with every one of your clients? No, no, I know. That's what I'm saying. We are difficult. You can just say it's fine. No, no, it's okay. It's okay. If you have questions, why not? Okay. I'm just going back to Alicia's question. So on the five leader status. So need to progress this issue further to get the product back in. If this does not work, do we delist and start again? Which I think we asked this question every week. Well, I. Okay, so I think last time that we met we discussed that other option is just to fulfill it on our own right directly from our warehouse. So that's another option that you could try. If this doesn't work out, I think that's the next thing we should try. And I think that will definitely be okay if the fulfillment fee makes sense. Okay, so if. So you're saying if these 10 don't make it. Then we should be shipping. I know she's going to say no because they've done that before and it was an issue I think. But I'm going to put it here anyways and she can rethink about it. I mean I don't know the outcome of that discussion. We just, we, I mean came up with this suggestion last time and, and I think you are supposed to discuss that internally. What was the outcome of that? So that wouldn't be with me. That would be because I don't have anything to do with that. So it would be like her sister who does all like who's a new Bob's boss and then so I know that they used to do that originally like before I started like five years, like years ago. And they're not in favor of it. And we're having a ton of issues in the warehouse producing things like because we had those huge Costco orders and so like I put something on sale on the website and gotten like big trouble even though it was already forecasted. So Alicia wasn't mad. She was like, nope, you do it. But like the back house was like very upset. So yeah, that's just where we're at. You know what I mean? If it doesn't really work out, I think, I mean let's say these 10 units that we sent, it's not received, they still say that it's damaged. Something happens, something wrong happens. I don't think creating a new listing will fix it. All we can do is try to understand what's exactly causing it and hopefully this time it will have better insights. Because we used Amazon partnered carrier. If it gets damaged, they can, I mean at least it will be. I mean at least that's what we'll see that it's not defective. Hopefully they mark it as damaged because we use their partner carrier. So let's see what happens. And then we'll we'll think about it. Are we not using one before? No, we're not. We are using our own carrier. So if you want to. I don't know. Are you typing something? So, I'm sorry. Yes, I'm typing everything that you're saying. So I'm basically just saying, especially since now we're using an Amazon preferred carrier, we can go back to them and say we're using your carrier. Well, yeah, we don't have to really go back. And I mean, it's. So what's going to happen is if. If it gets damaged on the way, they ideally should identify it got damaged by the carrier. That's what will show up instead of them identifying the products as defective. Because before they were thinking, oh, they sent defective products. It looks damaged. That's why it's defective product. They just discarded them. Okay. Not just. They sent damage product. Or we should try. I mean, if it still gets damaged, what we should try to do is how can we improve the packaging so that it doesn't get damaged? That's what you need to work on rather than creating a new listing. What's so strange, because especially if he's saying the ins. The internal. What did he call it? Bladder is not damaged. So, like the oil is not leaking. So then therefore it's like a wine box. Right. Like it's the bladder inside. I mean, I know that, you know, so it's like what is. What is damaging that? And that cardboard is thick. Like it's a very sturdy. Do we label it like it's fragile or something so that they handle it with care? I think so. I'm pretty sure something you can add as a note. I mean, just check whether they do it or not. So I think that's what we need to focus on, Brittany, how we are shipping and packaging. It is what we need to fix if it still gets damaged. Okay, I'll say that to them. And then they can just take that back and do what they want. Nothing above my pay grade. Okay, Dashboard sales. Yes, we talked about. And then her last two questions. So has the US Dashboard been updated? It seems very. Sales soft. Yes. Yeah, the slowdown. Yes, it has been updated, but yes, there is also a slowdown, which is again, I don't want to sound like I'm just trying to justify the slowdown, but I'm also trying to understand why this is happening. And I have no notice that is happening. Yeah. So I think those three things that I told you. Yeah. So slow down. After prime days and the season. Let Me show you something. It will help. One second. So here, so here what you are looking at is these are the, this is in Canada, by the way, this chart. Now these are the keywords that I'm looking at. These are the primary. These are the high search volume keywords. You will see some brand names, but let's ignore those. Apart from that, you will see most of them are generic, very relevant category keywords. Yeah. So I have looked at like here you will get to see almost three years of search volume, how it fluctuated month over month. So this search volume is a summation of all of these keywords. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah. And if you notice carefully. Let's look at this. 2022, May. So since then. Yeah, it's kind of, I mean fluctuated. And then you'll see around September it again sees a peak and then it starts going down and it generally remains low towards the end of the year. Again in January it goes up. Then after, I would say this is probably January, February, March, something around there, it starts going down. This year in 2023 we didn't see any jump around September, at least according to this data that I have. And then you will see again a downward trend. In January 2024 it again jumped back up. Then it starts going down and then again in September there's a jump again towards the end of the year. In 2024 it was, it, I mean it went down. And again in January it kind of. It is up by a lot. And then it maintained its. It has remained very strong even after, you'll see after this peak, it has remained quite strong, stronger than all the years before. But if we, I mean, if we, I mean given how it has. The behavior was in the past few years, we can predict a downward trend here and probably again in jump around September. Which is why we need to talk about a back to school promotion. So we can take advantage of this. Yeah. And we need to do. Now she will accept this data. She will accept. Can you go back to those keywords? Can I just screenshot those? Just show her like this is what. Yeah, thank you. Yeah, I'm just going to screenshot this in that chart. I already got that one. And show her just like this is what's. That's great. Thank you. No problem. Okay. All right, so what's the next question? And then the last one is budget allocation. So we increase Canada 15% and the US 20%. What is performing strongest? And assuming we will start seeing some revenue jumps in the next four to six weeks. So regarding the implementation, it takes a little time. We have already implemented some concepts in Canada. In the US we are going to do that this week. So we're just getting started and ideally I would say at least eight weeks. I'd say eight to 12 weeks would be a good range to judge the result. And also that's happening between all of these trends that I just showed you. So. Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, those are great answers. And I think, yeah, I was surprised she was, I was surprised she was surprised about the 30 grams being soft because yeah, we have a brand new snacks to go. It makes sense that those original people were curious and it was on prime, so I'm assuming people went that way. But also I get like, she needs. If that's our hero item, we need it to stick. So. Yeah, well, in a way we're expecting that the new one to replace that eventually. That's also true. Yeah. Yeah. And the new one is really doing well. I'm happy about that. Overall though, you will see an account level growth. I mean, if you consider both of them together. Okay. And then any suggestions on us? US is a very challenging one. I'll tell you this, even with 20%, it's very challenging. It's almost nothing for the US marketplace. I mean, because our products, they have hardly even scratched the surface. And for ads, we have tried doing it so far. Based on that, we see that the return is not as favorable as we see in Canada. So we are trying to think how to make the best use of the budget, the 20% that we have and where we should spend. So we have just started testing. We just launched the campaigns this week actually in the US we'll see how it does. Yeah. So let's set a time for, let's say eight to 12 weeks from now and then we'll look at how it performs. Okay. I think that's fair. I don't think she'll like to answer, but I think that that's a fair answer. Just growth at all costs, which is good. But yeah, it's just. Must be so hard for you. Hey, when it's like an external platform that you can't control. I used to say that to our sales team when we were having trouble, like we would get into stores in the US but then no one knew who we were so they weren't selling. And I'm like, what a frustrating thing. You just think about like you're trying to manifest like in your head, you're just like, just go walk in the store. Just go buy it. It's good. Like, it's such a hard. Like, how do you do? Yeah. Especially when you have no presence. Like, and we're talking, like, Southern states where, like, you're competing against Frito Lay. Well, it's like, who are we? You know, we have no. Yeah. Anyways. Okay. That's perfect. Okay. Thank you so much. Anything else on your end? Yeah, I think we need to talk about the promotions for the, like, back to school promotion. Usually. What do you do during that time? Okay, Back to school, we usually do, like, a 15% off promotion just on Shopify. And usually it's only on our, like, snacks to go. Because we used to have the 40 grams. Right. So we used to put the snacks to go and all the 40 grams on sale. Okay. For how long do you run that promotion? Like, 10 days. 10 days. Okay, got it. Okay, so let me share my screen. Although I was supposed to create a promo schedule. Instead of talking about the entire rest of the year, let's just focus on the back to school today. We'll talk about the rest maybe next time. We don't have to rush. Yeah. Okay. So these are all the options that we have. And I don't want you to get confused. So let me focus on what matters now. So back to school. For back to school, we have different options. We have three different options, in fact. One, I'm just talking about the promotion, the options with the promotions. Let's talk about the products after this. Okay, so one is we can participate in the base deals. And if we do that, that will run for seven days. And the minimum that we need to do is 20% there. And we can go with just the normal prime exclusive discount, the price discount. And there we have the. We have. We're flexible with the duration. We can do it however long or however short we would like to do. But the minimum is still 20%. And there. Then we have lightning deals for back to school. It's just going to run up to 12 hours maximum. And we. The minimum is 15%. But we can, of course, go higher than that. Now, these are the three different options that we have. And regarding our products, we are going to participate with mostly two products, right? One is new 18 count. Another one is old 30 count. Snack to go. For snack to go, it's likely that we will have more overstock situation. So we can go. You can definitely go ahead with. Let's say we can run promos for more days, seven days at least, if we really see. And by the way, this opens up an opportunity. We Never had the option to participate in promos. Right here Amazon is giving us the option to participate in the promos and we need to confirm that as soon as possible, by the way. Yeah. And for the snack to go, we don't have this option because it's price discount. We don't have this option. We are not eligible for this one. We have this one. Sorry, which one? The older snacks to go. The older snack to go. I'm just talking about that one because it's not four stars. Yes, exactly. But Amazon has given us the option to participate in the base deals for seven days at 20%. We also have another option to participate in the lightning deal which is just going to run for 12 hours. Okay, but for snack to go because we'll have more the old one because we'll have more stock, probably it's better that we go with this one that is going to run for seven days. If that's okay. If we all agree. Yeah. So you're suggesting the best deals. Back to school. That one. And for the new snack to go, we have all of these three options open. So depending on if we are okay with giving this much discount for seven days, we can go with these or we can do just price discount for even two or three days. Totally up to us. By the way, if we participate in these base deals, it's like we can choose the week. Oh, it's seven days. So for base deal is fine, but for let's say lightning deal, we can choose the week, but Amazon will pick the date and time. So. Okay, yeah, weird. You don't have to decide right now, but just know that these are the options we do have to participate as soon as possible because these options don't remain for forever. We need to confirm them as soon as possible. And. Sorry, so. And just to clarify which products this will be on. Okay. For the snack to go, I'm recommending that we do this one right. For the. Sorry. For the old snack to go. For the new snack to go, we can pick. So I mean it first of all, depends. Are we okay with running a discount for seven days or not? If we are okay, then we can go ahead with this. If we are not, then we probably should go ahead with this one. Okay. And so we're only talking about snacks to go. We're not talking about oil. I mean obviously it's back to school, but. And then. So for the new snacks to go. You're not suggesting anything. I'm suggesting. Yes, I'm suggesting something like. I'm suggesting that we do something. We should definitely do something. But which one? Are we okay with running a 20 discount for 7 days or do you want something like would you just go for 12 hours of discount? Well, just give me your, just give me completely your suggestion so I can bring it to her. Because I have zero opinions. I'm fine with putting everything at 20 off forever. So like, you know what I mean? I'm not. But so, so your suggestion is running it at seven days at 20% for the 30 gram snacks to go. And then what's your suggestion for the 28 gram or both. Like they do we both have to do the same thing? Like can one be on lightning and one is. Yeah, both can be different. Okay. Yeah. So then should we risk like, so should the suggestion be we put the 30 gram snacks to go for seven days because we have to get through that inventory and then we do like a lightning one for the new snacks to go? Yeah, we can do that. That will be too short. That's another thing that I'm, I'm thinking. Or just do both. You're suggesting just both at 20% again, but that doesn't really help us with our overstock issue. That's why I'm thinking of separating them. Yeah. Because if they're both the same deal, people will just pick what they want. But I want to force them into the 30 gram. Exactly. Okay. This time maybe let's just go with the lightning deal for the new one and 20%. Let's say it will be just 12 hours and, and then we can do this one seven days for the old snack to go. Okay. And by the way, I know you're trying to drive traffic to your Shopify with emails and all. Are you doing emails? Do you have email list? Are you taking like, are you going to use any influencer this time? Not for back to school, no. Okay, so for the email you are trying to. You're only going to do that, you're only going to divert the traffic to the website. Not Amazon. No, to Amazon. So for back to school or for prime days, I did send out an email to our email list saying that those two things were on prime. Yeah, the oil and the snacks to go. Got it. Okay. Yes, I'm open to either. I don't, I don't need it to be Shopify only. Yeah. Okay, so if, let's say, if let's say the. I'm sorry, where is that? Okay, if let's say the lightning deal, it's not during the window, I mean promo window. That you are doing for Shopify, then maybe that's an option that I'm just proposing. Maybe you can send out one email saying that there's a lightning needle going on just for the newsnet to go purchase. 12 hours, limited time. You know, there's an urgency to this deal. Can you. Yes. Can you tell me when that is? Like, will you email me? I don't know. Oh, yeah, I will know after you participate. Yeah, so we have to participate first. Then Amazon will just choose the time, then we'll know when it's happening. Okay. So what I'm saying is I don't know if I will see that. Like, I don't know. So will you tell me when it starts is what I mean. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I will tell you when it starts. And also, you know, this is sometimes answered because it just goes on for 12 hours. Let's say the 12 hour starts from 11pm in the middle of the night. Yeah. To be honest, then I probably won't send. I will send an email saying that we have 20% off on Amazon, but I probably wouldn't for a lightning deal. Got it. Okay. Just because it'll piss people off if they open up their email like two days later, you know, And I don't want to deal. It's just like sometimes I might have to weigh the risk of like customer service crap, you know? Got it. Okay. Yeah. Okay. All right. So I'm just saying that that's what's happening. Let's move forward with that. Then. She and the rest of it I'll send over to her and let you know. Yeah. Okay. One more thing, Brittany. So I think there may have been one confusion regarding the last invoice that I sent because we sent two months of invoices back to back. Okay. Yeah, we are really late in sending. I think it was June's invoice that we sent really late. Or May's invoice I forgot about. So for the other one, we tried to follow up one more time, but didn't hear from Alicia on that. So I'd like to see what. You know. So just. So my. My. What I'm writing is June's invoice is due. Let me. Let me just forward this to you right now so that, you know, you can also see what's going on and you can bring it to attention. Yeah, perfect. Just one second. Okay, invoice. How about I do this right after this call because it looks like I need to do something. All I'm going to put in here is Like, June's invoices due. Will ref. Forward to both of us, and then that will try. I think it's. Oh, July. Yes. I'm saying July's invoices do. Because we send it before the month, right? Oh, before. Okay. I don't know anything when you guys talk about that. I. Zona. Because it has nothing to do with me. Sorry. Okay. I will tell her that you're in that email. So I'll just forward this. Yeah, I literally don't need them, but I will. I will re. I'll bring her attention to it. Okay. I'll let you. She's out of town right now. Um, but, yeah, you should be paid. And I'm just looking if our admin is on that email, because sometimes it's not just an issue with Alicia. Like, usually our admin wants to only pay people, like, once a month, which is really crazy. So that could be what's going on, too. But I don't think that was approved, so I think it still needs to be approved. After that it can be processed. Right. Okay. Sounds good. Okay. Okay. Have a great day. Thank you for your time. Sorry it was so much time. No problem. Okay. Okay. Take care. Yeah. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: A good thing to ask good questions. Right? And like. But I'm like, man, we demand a lot from people. Are you working on Susie? I can't remember what she said. I asked her this question. Are you working on her chocolate launch as well?

Speaker B: No, I'm not, I'm not. She's working with someone else on that she worked on. I mean, that same company worked on our previous brand and they have a different kind of agreement. It's not, you know, monthly payment. So, yeah, it's like equity and all. I am probably not supposed to talk about all these things. I'm sorry. But yeah, it's a different kind of agreement that they have and they're working together.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Some of these things. So the first one is definitely a new Bob. So I'll wait for him. But just. Yeah, the video content being rejected and that was that new one that I sent you, right? Like, that was the new snack.

Speaker B: That's. Yes. And the funny thing is it didn't get rejected for all the campaigns that you launched. It got rejected for two of them and it still got accepted in the two others. And I think if we want to resolve this, we either have to make it clear that there is no audio, something like that, or maybe add a music to it.

Speaker C: That's it.

Speaker A: Add a new what, sorry?

Speaker B: A music. Some kind of music to take away the music or.

Speaker A: No, there is no music.

Speaker B: It had a. It had a music. Did it? I forgot.

Speaker A: The suggestion is to change the music, basically.

Speaker B: Well, no, if it had a music, then there is no point in changing the music. I thought that it has no audio at all.

Speaker A: Right, Suggestion is to add music. Yeah. Why? So enlighten me. Why would that help? Like, what did they reject about it?

Speaker B: Well, if you read their email, they said the reason is, I mean, if it has no audio, it has to be clear to the people, the audience that there is no audio. So you can either add that there is no audio, just no audio, simply written on the video, or, you know, you can just add a music to it.

Speaker A: Is that just so people don't get mad? Like trying to make thinking that their computer is not working or something? Why is that?

Speaker B: I'm not sure. This is Amazon's ad policy and probably they are also keeping doing this because they want to provide customers a good experience. Maybe they don't or want them to go through this experience of having them to think it has music, but they ultimately cannot. I mean, when they try to unmute it, they see it doesn't have anything.

Speaker A: Okay, so do you want. How does that work? Do you want me to add the music? Like, do I do that or is that something that you do?

Speaker B: I cannot edit videos. I have no knowledge of doing that. So if you could do that.

Speaker A: So I just need to find Britney to find royalty free music.

Speaker B: Who edited that video? Like, who created that video?

Speaker A: The graph. The girl we have who's doing graphic design.

Speaker B: Yeah. Could she not do that?

Speaker A: Yeah. So, yeah. Brittany. To find royalty free music to add to the video.

Speaker B: Hello. You're on mute.

Speaker A: Am I? No, I think I'm just.

Speaker B: No, no.

Speaker C: Yeah. Oh, yeah. Sorry for being late. I was just dealing with the crappy shipment.

Speaker A: Oh, no.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, well, you guys can take over if you'd like and then I'll go back to my stuff.

Speaker C: Oh, yeah, sure.

Speaker A: So I knew, Bob, you were on that. I'm just taking notes for Alicia. I think her only question I'm sure you were on that email was just the status on the five leader.

Speaker C: Yeah. So we did book a shipment through UPS Suham for 10 units. And it generated 10 different unique labels for us though, which is fine because at the end of the day, even if I club and try to send five in a box and change the pack slip, the weight of the shipment will determine the freight cost. And we have UPS coming every day. So I don't think it will be a problem. It's just that it will be 10 different shipments for 10 different units.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: And another update. So we did receive the 28 units back from Amazon, but input I just got this morning from my warehouse team, 14 units were. Okay, 14 units were damaged. Like the carton boxes were damaged.

Speaker B: I see.

Speaker C: But again, we made sure because at the time when we dispatched, everything was intact. There was no leakage, there was no tone cartons. But how we received it back, it was bad. We have to literally change the outer box to make it sellable.

Speaker B: Got it. Is the product intact inside?

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay, because that's a bladder. So we pack the oil in a bladder and then we case it. So the bladder is intact, it's not leaking or something, but the box is damaged.

Speaker B: Got it. Got it. Okay, well now we don't know at what stage it got damaged.

Speaker C: At what stage. Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker C: that is something which we are trying to investigate to see what might have caused it. But it came as it is. Like they opened the boxes and they found just received like day before.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. So that was that. And coming about inventory planning for Canada before we do jump into it, once we wind up these numbers I'll just quickly need your help in showing how to delete one SKU because I did it multiple times Soham and I'm not getting success with it. With my unwanted SKUs I tried putting a quantity like if it is one unit I tried to put it as dispose. It will help me to clear it out automatically but some of the items is not helping me with it. So maybe I'll show you at the last once I try to log in into the portal. Okay. For the numbers on the Hero SBUs for Amazon Canada so three pack variety for roasted chickpeas we are sitting at 232 units. So I think we are pretty much in sync with what we plan to have. However, my next shipment production will be the week after, not the next week. I don't have anything going out next week. I just have a plan of shipment that is being prepped right away when we are talking and probably so one shipment we dispatched to us yesterday and one is being planned for dispatch today. So whatever you see in the working these are being shipped today from our warehouse. So we won't have any of the SKUs for next week but the build could be the week after. So do you think this number we need to send some more?

Speaker B: No, we should be good.

Speaker C: Okay then our 28 grams snacks Mac we are sitting at 2012 93. So this is close to 500 right. So I'm thinking another 300 units. That's my thinking.

Speaker B: Okay, so good news about this product. We participated in the Prime Day program and of course it did well during the Prime Days. But the outcome that we were expecting is for it to improve organic ranking for for many of the promising keywords which happened and it stayed kind of not, I mean kind of intact. It's much better than what it was before participating in the Prime Day. The sell through has improved a lot for this product and I'm hoping that it will improve from here. It will only go up from here. Well I shouldn't say only go up. There are a lot of nuances so we'll talk about that later. But I think it will keep on improving and right now at this current rate it will do something about 510 units which is close to 488 that we see here. But if we also assume that it's going to improve with time. Again this is just an assumption. The rate maybe it will do 500 in the next 30 days and then maybe it will do 550. So of course I'll have to adjust the forecast the Summary.

Speaker A: This is the 28 gram. This is the 18th grams.

Speaker B: Yes, exactly. So the summary is we probably should ascend a little bit more. Maybe instead of 300, maybe 500. If we can do that, that will make sure that we are in stock. And also we probably will participate in the back to school. We'll do something for back to school. We'll have to discuss about that Brittany. So probably we'll expect another increase in sales next month. Okay, so that's about this product. How about we talk about the next one?

Speaker C: Putting. The Next is our 15 gram snacks to go. I think we are setting with the new shipment being going out. I think we should be pretty okay with it. But again production will be in the week after. So. Definitely we have more than three months with this 51500 going in.

Speaker B: So

Speaker C: do you think we should do like three pallets, like 600 or something?

Speaker B: Okay, so for this product, something that we are observing right now, this product is slowing down and I mean we can find different excuses or reasons if we want to. One thing could be that after prime day the season slows down a little bit. That's one. Seasonality could be one more thing. I'll show you some data later on.

Speaker A: What word did you send?

Speaker B: Seasonality like the search the demand probably. I'll show you a graph later on where I have plotted how the demand changes year over like month over month for the last two to three years. And it generally slows down, let's say towards June, July and in September again sees a jump before the back to school season. And then it again keeps on going down until the end of the year. Then again in January it picks back up. So that's generally the trend. So these are the two things I could mention right now behind, I mean as the reason for slowdown but it's definitely slowing down. That's what I see for now. So sending 15.

Speaker A: Yeah. Wouldn't you also say, I mean obviously we now have a competing product, right. Like the snack to go.

Speaker B: That's another one. So it may happen that that product is taking away some of the customers from the old one. That could also be another reason. These are all hypothesis that we have.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: So I think sending 1500 units will be will be overstocking at Amazon if we do that. Because anubhav the thing is we also are supposed to.

Speaker C: Oh, this is already being booked. Like the shipment is already booked and ready and ready to go. Those 1500.

Speaker B: But you said we are. We didn't manufacture them yet.

Speaker C: No, no. So that is working. So that is just in the process of getting dispatched. So once it goes out it will be showing as shipped. So I'll just open this up. So this 4300 is including 1500. So anything that is from available to receiving. So that will give you account of 4375. Right. So and then there are unfulfillable for units. So that will give you a total units of 4371. So this includes the 1500 that we are planning to dispatch today.

Speaker B: Oh wow. So they are ready packaged and ready to go.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. I think we maybe we may end up paying overstock fee if we send 1500 units.

Speaker C: But this is based on our couple weeks back discussion. Yeah. And we made look at this number.

Speaker B: So is there something that you could do to change this? I mean delete the shipment and I understand that will take some extra effort. Can I do that?

Speaker C: So right now. So without 1500 we would be sitting at close to 2500. Then

Speaker B: I mean I will send some, not all 1500.

Speaker C: We have to resticker. It won't go out until next week. We have to resticker all the box labels.

Speaker B: Okay, that's also fine. Got it. I mean I think it's also fine if we delay it by a week because this product has enough stock based on the current sell through. So I don't mind delaying it one more week. But I do think that if we send 1500 units we may end up paying an over storage fee unless the sales stream proves so.

Speaker C: Okay, what about. But that will affect my other skus as well. So if I hold the shipment. So I had so for example two pack oil unit sold 167. That was a big jump.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker C: And including 96 my number is 226. So which is less than two months stock. So I definitely need to send the current 96. And on top of it I was planning to send 250 more. Okay. And if I change your shipment, let's say if I plan to drop just next to go from my current plan. I have to resticker the other skus. Right. Because my shipment cannot just. If my shipment cancels, my new shipment number will be generating. So for which I have to resticker all the box labels.

Speaker B: Yeah. Everything will be will have to be changed. So everything will be impacted. Basically. Not just old snack to go.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: So what do you think we do here? I'll give you my card. At least you have to have because

Speaker C: I'm so you're saying, okay, when with this number. Like let's say if I dispatch, if I plan to dispatch the 1500 units as it is, is there a make or break between one week stock? Because you know that receiving takes time in at Amazon. Plus this one is going to Ontario, which will take easily more than a week for us.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: So that is my only concern. That delaying a week and going through that hassle of repacking, if it is just a week, I don't think overstocking fees will apply for just one week. Right. Unless you want to reduce that 1500 to 800. You know, then it's a different ball game altogether.

Speaker B: Okay, what, what will happen if we do?

Speaker C: No, what I'm saying is like if you are planning to reduce the quantity, then otherwise holding it for a week, I don't think it would make or break.

Speaker B: Oh no, I was not thinking of just holding it. I was thinking of just reducing the quantity from 1500 to something else.

Speaker C: So what will happen is, let's say if I dispatch. Okay, I've already declared my pallets labels. Also, like everything is completed. So. So if I say short ship it and Amazon said, oh, we never found the units, that that is one option. But we have already prepared pallet labels and everything. So.

Speaker B: Okay, so let's think about it for a while. So let's say, let's say that we send this out. How much overstock will we really? Yeah, like they start charging fee after three months. We Perfect.

Speaker C: Thanks so much. Appreciate it.

Speaker B: May end up paying for overstock fee for about thousand units there for about a month. Maybe that's what will happen.

Speaker C: Okay,

Speaker B: So.

Speaker C: The only option is to cancel the shipment then.

Speaker B: No, hold on, hold on.

Speaker C: Let's think about and rebooking it without the snacks to go. But I'll think about it for a while. Yeah,

Speaker B: That will basically mess up with the entire thing. That's what I'm thinking. And delay the things for the other listings.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: What do you think, Brittany? Should we just go ahead with this?

Speaker A: Well, my fear is because the, because the 18 gram, it was on prime day, so it's just so hard to tell. Like, did all of those people just go there just to sample it for one month and then they're gonna come back? You know what I mean? Like the value. If I'm packing kids lunches, the 30 pack is a better value. Right. So I think for those people. So I just think it's so hard. I don't envy your job. I think it's hard to make an assumption on forecasting when it's a brand new product and it was on prime days.

Speaker B: Yeah, true.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker A: Because so another suggestion would be like say we are close to overstock, like could we put this one on sale then for a little bit and just get rid of some.

Speaker B: Yeah, we can do that.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: And you mean what you say through ad spend on that particular skill?

Speaker A: You mean

Speaker B: no promotions? No. So she's talking about doing promotions and which is also something we plan to do. So yeah, definitely we can do that. I think. You know what, let's keep it. Let's keep the 1500 units and we'll talk about the promotions. Because this product listing has never participated in any promotion. But we do have the opportunities upcoming. So probably we'll participate in that and then that will help with the sell through.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay. So definitely I'm not pulling any more for now. I'm not planning. So let us keep that number to 751. Yeah. Okay. So that is black. Coming back to our next sku, which is lentils variety pack, we are sitting at right on sweet spot of three months worth inventory. But with two weeks lost in next production, I'm thinking another 30 units.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. The last is two pack oil. So 167. So that is close to 480 or something. Right. For three months. So currently we are sitting at 226. So. So let's say 167 though this number will change based on non prime days.

Speaker B: I think so.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: It's back to kind of normal range. So yeah, yeah, we can just assume that we'll do around 110 units a month and then send accordingly.

Speaker C: Okay. So if you sell 110 so that will be like close to 330. So we are sitting on 226 including the one we are planning to send. So definitely I can do another palette. My one full palette is 96 units.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: So should I do 96?

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. 96 plus. Yeah, sounds about right.

Speaker C: 96 will be one palette or I can even do two if you want.

Speaker B: Two pallets.

Speaker C: 96 times like close to 200. Or don't. Or you don't think that is needed for now?

Speaker B: I don't think so. The sales sail through is back to the usual, you know, it just happened because of the prime day.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay. So we discussed about the oil that we are trying to send 10 more. And the last SKU is power variety pack. I think we are sitting pretty much on a nice spot in terms of inventory. Like total 96 units. Are available.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker C: that was Canada. And just a quick suggestion based on. So I sent an email to you Soham on our learnings and findings for our six pack snacks to go. Like the missing SKU labels. So me and Natasha, we were on the production line and we figured out that what if we move to pre stickering the bags for now like what we are thinking is we will just pre sticker each bag. But for that what will happen, my current SKU codes in our ERP will change. But it doesn't relate to anything in Amazon. Right. For Amazon it is still six units being sold under a master case. So I don't think we need to change any Amazon portal code if we are changing our internal codes. Right?

Speaker B: Yeah. So that was the question. Right.

Speaker C: So that was my first. So we are thinking to pre label the bags with FNSQ stickers and gradually moving to ordering the batch directly from the supplier. Having that FNSQ barcode instead of our UPC UPC barcode. So that will change the artwork. But will that force you to change anything in Amazon portal in terms of code?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker C: Right. Perfect. Okay. So at that stage is it okay to skip the SKU label? So each time I generate a shipment it will give me a prompt. Right? Generate SKU labels, generate box labels so I can skip that stage. Right. Because if I'm moving to a stage where already my bags are pre designed with FNSQ labels. So I'll just skip that stage. During shipment creation I will not print any of the SKU labels. I'll just print box labels.

Speaker B: Okay. By SKU level you mean FSQ levels.

Speaker C: Fnsq. So in this Snacks to go variety pack, what we are doing is we are sticking each back by opening a master carton of six so FNSQ labels from Amazon and then on top of the carton box label from Amazon.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. Yes. You will not need of course FSQ code if it is already there. You don't need to generate the FSQ code separately or label them separately. That's taken care of. All you need to take.

Speaker C: So Amazon is not bothered that hey, you should always be putting my FNSQ label. That's not a criteria. Right?

Speaker B: For expiry dated products we are always. If you really abide by the policies, then it's supposed to have the FNSQ barcode. Either we label it or we let Amazon label it.

Speaker C: Just just one second. So. You, you know that there is a specific design format of how that FNSQ is. So it shows. I'LL just show a snapshot to you. Maybe, maybe. If that helps. So if I go to Amazon, let's say Amazon. I'm just giving you an example from my current week shipment, let's say July shipments. Just give me one second. So this is my barcode. I can replicate the barcode with the, with the new design of the bag. But do I need to replicate this line also then? Because that is how the FNSQ appears.

Speaker B: I would say that's not necessary. Really, you can just keep the, you know, the barcode. Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay, So I'll just put a quick comment on my tracker and then update it. Okay, that was one. And my next topic was. Can we have both bags of snacks to go in Amazon's fulfillment center inventory? So one where we sticker the bags with Amazon labels like the existing ones and say the bags with new design of pre labeled fnsq. Can we have both inventories sitting in Amazon simultaneously Or we have to wait to phase out the inventory of one of a kind and then switch to the other?

Speaker B: No, no, they can. Both of them can stay together at the same time.

Speaker C: Both of them can stay. But will there be a design conflict? Like will there be a product conflict of how it is being configured and sitting there?

Speaker B: No, no, it's not. If the product is exactly the same, you just. All you did is change the FSQ barcode, right? I mean it's not even changed. It's just once FSQ barcode on one you have it stickered and another one it has printed. So no.

Speaker C: Okay, perfect. Yeah, no need to wait for inventory space out. Okay, I'll sum that up later on for my internal and okay, let us just quickly move to the USSQS. So first and foremost our Power Beans variety pack. Three packs we had 40 units and currently sitting on close to 80. But again the numbers might be affected due to prime day sales. I'm thinking 12 to 15. To be frank, I don't have. Like, what's your say? Like should we just fill like 40.

Speaker B: Oh, how many units? Yeah, sure. So if you look at just the unit sold. Yes, according to that, I mean from here you also need to check the actual sell through and also what's on the forecast. So let's see. Give me one second.

Speaker C: Yeah,

Speaker B: It's the. B094. Okay. Yeah, it sold about 42 units. It's all right then. Yeah, sure. So in that case, whatever you see on this report is okay. And sending 40 units should be sufficient. About that units around that many units should Be sufficient.

Speaker C: Okay then. Next is our 15 gram snacks to go for us side of the business. So we are sitting at 236 including everything like in between. There is nothing in transit but everything is either available or in between fulfillment centers.

Speaker B: Okay, so does that mean we are in a good situation right now? 72, 3. Yeah, looks like we're okay at this rate.

Speaker C: Or do you want me to plan some the week after for build.

Speaker A: Like

Speaker C: 70?

Speaker B: How often do you send this inventory?

Speaker C: Yeah, so the problem is for us in last couple shipments I've been just sending one sku. So probably I can wait to see if like I'm just sending like this week I'm just sending one small shipment, you know, for whatever. This is working. Yeah, this last rescue chip is variety pack. That's the only skill that I've been sending. I don't have any other SKU to plan to mix. Right.

Speaker B: Yeah, I think it will remain about the same even this week. I. Yeah, it looks like we're in a good situation for the 30 pack anyway. Let's go up.

Speaker C: Okay, let us re look at it then.

Speaker B: Let's look at the Camelina oil. What's going on with that?

Speaker C: So for Camelina oil it is close to a month's inventory. I would say so definitely we need to up that number. So my suggestion was to go for like 60 units.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah. Sounds good.

Speaker C: Yeah. And then new one 28 grams. We are sitting on 84 units as available.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's good enough for now because apart from the. I mean it didn't really sell us 37 units in the last 30 days because that's also includes vine program. So we are okay with the inventory for now.

Speaker C: So we don't need to. Oh yeah, it's 84. Right. And plus you are anticipating it won't be that much for now.

Speaker B: No, it's not doing any. Yeah, we'll see if it picks back up.

Speaker C: Okay, perfect. And for the chickpeas, I don't think we need to. We are just sending 60 units more and it didn't have a promising number there. So I'll just keep it with the shipment.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. That was from my side and only last thing that remains is for Amazon. So let's say if I want to look at any of the item deletion. So let's say if I want to delete FG265 from us if I'm on the US portal, should I go to inventory, manage all inventory?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: And if I'm looking at. Let's say fg265. Just give me a sec. That was dash one. That I can do this. So we are in us and.

Speaker B: I think you also need to type AF and G in capital. Or it got deleted even if you don't find it even after searching.

Speaker C: Okay, yeah, this one.

Speaker B: So you know what, I think you already know how to delete it. It just didn't happen. So maybe let's try one more time and let's see if that happens.

Speaker C: So there are two options. One is select group action where it will shows closed listing or delete listing. So which one between these two do you think is more appropriate between closing and deleting?

Speaker B: Closing will still keep it on this Manage all Inventory page will just show that closed. If you really don't want it to show up on the Manage all Inventory page, then you need to delete it.

Speaker C: Okay, so that was one option and the other one which I had tried was like if there is any single unit left then I would need go for, you know, like removal order. Creating a removal order is what I used to do because if there is any one standard unit or two standard units, it won't allow you to delete it. Right. So you have to create a removal order and wait for it to get. Get removed. So for this one I. I can just do delete listing. Right. This is what I had done in the past.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay, so I'll just. Yeah, I'll just keep it deleted and I'll see. Come again?

Speaker B: Both. Maybe delete both of the SKUs. Maybe you don't need the other one.

Speaker C: No, so I'm. I'm using 265 1.

Speaker B: Oh, you are using that.

Speaker C: Okay, let me see. Oh no, actually I'm not. Yeah, it was having some units. Let me see. Okay. Yeah, we. So yeah, these are those. Yeah, I can actually read them because they are now run down of inventory. Right. So.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. Then I check and if I see anything, I'll just give you maybe a message confirmation through email then.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker C: And let me see if there is any stranded inventory then probably I can take one quick example. So this one shows for example unfulfillable267 1. It shows unfulfillable one. So the only option which I have is to create a removal order. Something is sketchy here allowing me to reload the pages. Do one quick time. Again, There is some bug which. Yeah, yes, but this is the correct step, right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: It doesn't allow you to remove. Also like removal order. It doesn't allow you to.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Does it enter into an auto mode at Amazon?

Speaker B: Well, so I don't know what's going on here, but ideally, when you create a removal order, you can also see whether it gets processed or not right from the fulfillment report. And if you're really. If you really don't want to see this listing anymore, you can also just delete this listing. What will happen is this unfulfillable inventory unit will show up as a stranded unit and you can create a renewable order for that stranded. So.

Speaker C: Oh, okay.

Speaker B: It's okay.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. I'll try with those couple hacks. And whenever we get any label alert, for example, you know that six pack got alerted, so they suggested some resolve errors kind of thing. So do you think we need to clear those things or does it impact anything?

Speaker B: I think we should. Yes, please do that.

Speaker C: Yeah, I'm just trying to see if I'm getting any kind of warning. So if I say if I go to US shipments, inventory. So these ones review defects. So the barcodes were missing, like how we had identified last time 12 units were received before without it. So if I hit the resolve button, they will tell me what the actual barcode was. And this was the funny one. Like this is the ASIN barcode, which we never use. We never prepared it ever. So we still are clueless about this. That how can. And asin. So I'll just go and say acknowledge the defect.

Speaker B: Well, in this case, if you really believe that, I mean, you can also do that, like you can submit a dispute and then say, I mean, we never had any product with this barcode. We generally have our UPC barcode on it. Then you can attach a picture of the product with the upc. Okay, that will prove that, prove your point, basically.

Speaker C: Oh, yes. Okay. I can do that. Okay, so I'm free to use these tools, right? And I updated so that it doesn't go or come in the picture that this is unattended by three farmers or something. Right?

Speaker B: That's right. Yes.

Speaker C: Okay, perfect. I'll do this. Okay. That's it. From my side, so.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: All right. Brittany, you're mute.

Speaker A: I said thanks, Anubhava.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay, thanks. All right.

Speaker B: Thank you.

Speaker A: Have a good day.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, Brittany, so do you go through

Speaker A: inventory with every one of your clients? No, no, I know. That's what I'm saying. We are difficult. You can just say it's fine.

Speaker B: No, no, it's okay. It's okay. If you have questions, why not?

Speaker A: Okay. I'm just going back to Alicia's question. So on the five leader status. So need to progress this issue further to get the product back in. If this does not work, do we delist and start again? Which I think we asked this question every week.

Speaker B: Well, I. Okay, so I think last time that we met we discussed that other option is just to fulfill it on our own right directly from our warehouse. So that's another option that you could try. If this doesn't work out, I think that's the next thing we should try. And I think that will definitely be okay if the fulfillment fee makes sense.

Speaker A: Okay, so if. So you're saying if these 10 don't make it. Then we should be shipping. I know she's going to say no because they've done that before and it was an issue I think. But I'm going to put it here anyways and she can rethink about it.

Speaker B: I mean I don't know the outcome of that discussion. We just, we, I mean came up with this suggestion last time and, and I think you are supposed to discuss that internally. What was the outcome of that?

Speaker A: So that wouldn't be with me. That would be because I don't have anything to do with that. So it would be like her sister who does all like who's a new Bob's boss and then so I know that they used to do that originally like before I started like five years, like years ago. And they're not in favor of it. And we're having a ton of issues in the warehouse producing things like because we had those huge Costco orders and so like I put something on sale on the website and gotten like big trouble even though it was already forecasted. So Alicia wasn't mad. She was like, nope, you do it. But like the back house was like very upset. So yeah, that's just where we're at.

Speaker B: You know what I mean? If it doesn't really work out, I think, I mean let's say these 10 units that we sent, it's not received, they still say that it's damaged. Something happens, something wrong happens. I don't think creating a new listing will fix it. All we can do is try to understand what's exactly causing it and hopefully this time it will have better insights. Because we used Amazon partnered carrier. If it gets damaged, they can, I mean at least it will be. I mean at least that's what we'll see that it's not defective. Hopefully they mark it as damaged because we use their partner carrier. So let's see what happens. And then we'll we'll think about it.

Speaker A: Are we not using one before?

Speaker B: No, we're not. We are using our own carrier. So if you want to. I don't know. Are you typing something?

Speaker A: So, I'm sorry. Yes, I'm typing everything that you're saying. So I'm basically just saying, especially since now we're using an Amazon preferred carrier, we can go back to them and say we're using your carrier.

Speaker B: Well, yeah, we don't have to really go back. And I mean, it's. So what's going to happen is if. If it gets damaged on the way, they ideally should identify it got damaged by the carrier. That's what will show up instead of them identifying the products as defective. Because before they were thinking, oh, they sent defective products. It looks damaged. That's why it's defective product. They just discarded them.

Speaker A: Okay. Not just. They sent damage product.

Speaker B: Or we should try. I mean, if it still gets damaged, what we should try to do is how can we improve the packaging so that it doesn't get damaged? That's what you need to work on rather than creating a new listing.

Speaker A: What's so strange, because especially if he's saying the ins. The internal. What did he call it? Bladder is not damaged. So, like the oil is not leaking. So then therefore it's like a wine box. Right. Like it's the bladder inside. I mean, I know that, you know, so it's like what is. What is damaging that? And that cardboard is thick. Like it's a very sturdy.

Speaker B: Do we label it like it's fragile or something so that they handle it with care?

Speaker A: I think so.

Speaker B: I'm pretty sure something you can add as a note. I mean, just check whether they do it or not. So I think that's what we need to focus on, Brittany, how we are shipping and packaging. It is what we need to fix if it still gets damaged.

Speaker A: Okay, I'll say that to them. And then they can just take that back and do what they want. Nothing above my pay grade. Okay, Dashboard sales. Yes, we talked about. And then her last two questions. So has the US Dashboard been updated? It seems very. Sales soft.

Speaker B: Yes. Yeah, the slowdown. Yes, it has been updated, but yes, there is also a slowdown, which is again, I don't want to sound like I'm just trying to justify the slowdown, but I'm also trying to understand why this is happening. And I have no notice that is happening.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So I think those three things that I told you.

Speaker A: Yeah. So slow down. After prime days and the season.

Speaker B: Let Me show you something. It will help. One second. So here, so here what you are looking at is these are the, this is in Canada, by the way, this chart. Now these are the keywords that I'm looking at. These are the primary. These are the high search volume keywords. You will see some brand names, but let's ignore those. Apart from that, you will see most of them are generic, very relevant category keywords.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So I have looked at like here you will get to see almost three years of search volume, how it fluctuated month over month. So this search volume is a summation of all of these keywords. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. And if you notice carefully. Let's look at this. 2022, May. So since then. Yeah, it's kind of, I mean fluctuated. And then you'll see around September it again sees a peak and then it starts going down and it generally remains low towards the end of the year. Again in January it goes up. Then after, I would say this is probably January, February, March, something around there, it starts going down. This year in 2023 we didn't see any jump around September, at least according to this data that I have. And then you will see again a downward trend. In January 2024 it again jumped back up. Then it starts going down and then again in September there's a jump again towards the end of the year. In 2024 it was, it, I mean it went down. And again in January it kind of. It is up by a lot. And then it maintained its. It has remained very strong even after, you'll see after this peak, it has remained quite strong, stronger than all the years before. But if we, I mean, if we, I mean given how it has. The behavior was in the past few years, we can predict a downward trend here and probably again in jump around September. Which is why we need to talk about a back to school promotion. So we can take advantage of this. Yeah. And we need to do.

Speaker A: Now she will accept this data. She will accept. Can you go back to those keywords? Can I just screenshot those? Just show her like this is what. Yeah, thank you. Yeah, I'm just going to screenshot this in that chart. I already got that one. And show her just like this is what's. That's great. Thank you.

Speaker C: No problem.

Speaker B: Okay. All right, so what's the next question?

Speaker A: And then the last one is budget allocation. So we increase Canada 15% and the US 20%. What is performing strongest? And assuming we will start seeing some revenue jumps in the next four to six weeks.

Speaker B: So regarding the implementation, it takes a little time. We have already implemented some concepts in Canada. In the US we are going to do that this week. So we're just getting started and ideally I would say at least eight weeks. I'd say eight to 12 weeks would be a good range to judge the result. And also that's happening between all of these trends that I just showed you. So.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, those are great answers. And I think, yeah, I was surprised she was, I was surprised she was surprised about the 30 grams being soft because yeah, we have a brand new snacks to go. It makes sense that those original people were curious and it was on prime, so I'm assuming people went that way. But also I get like, she needs. If that's our hero item, we need it to stick.

Speaker C: So.

Speaker B: Yeah, well, in a way we're expecting that the new one to replace that eventually. That's also true.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. And the new one is really doing well. I'm happy about that. Overall though, you will see an account level growth. I mean, if you consider both of them together.

Speaker A: Okay. And then any suggestions on us?

Speaker B: US is a very challenging one. I'll tell you this, even with 20%, it's very challenging. It's almost nothing for the US marketplace. I mean, because our products, they have hardly even scratched the surface. And for ads, we have tried doing it so far. Based on that, we see that the return is not as favorable as we see in Canada. So we are trying to think how to make the best use of the budget, the 20% that we have and where we should spend. So we have just started testing. We just launched the campaigns this week actually in the US we'll see how it does. Yeah. So let's set a time for, let's say eight to 12 weeks from now and then we'll look at how it performs.

Speaker A: Okay. I think that's fair. I don't think she'll like to answer, but I think that that's a fair answer. Just growth at all costs, which is good. But yeah, it's just. Must be so hard for you. Hey, when it's like an external platform that you can't control. I used to say that to our sales team when we were having trouble, like we would get into stores in the US but then no one knew who we were so they weren't selling. And I'm like, what a frustrating thing. You just think about like you're trying to manifest like in your head, you're just like, just go walk in the store. Just go buy it. It's good. Like, it's such a hard. Like, how do you do?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Especially when you have no presence. Like, and we're talking, like, Southern states where, like, you're competing against Frito Lay. Well, it's like, who are we? You know, we have no. Yeah. Anyways. Okay. That's perfect. Okay. Thank you so much. Anything else on your end?

Speaker B: Yeah, I think we need to talk about the promotions for the, like, back to school promotion. Usually. What do you do during that time?

Speaker A: Okay, Back to school, we usually do, like, a 15% off promotion just on Shopify. And usually it's only on our, like, snacks to go. Because we used to have the 40 grams. Right. So we used to put the snacks to go and all the 40 grams on sale.

Speaker B: Okay. For how long do you run that promotion?

Speaker A: Like, 10 days.

Speaker B: 10 days. Okay, got it. Okay, so let me share my screen. Although I was supposed to create a promo schedule. Instead of talking about the entire rest of the year, let's just focus on the back to school today. We'll talk about the rest maybe next time.

Speaker A: We don't have to rush.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. So these are all the options that we have. And I don't want you to get confused. So let me focus on what matters now. So back to school. For back to school, we have different options. We have three different options, in fact. One, I'm just talking about the promotion, the options with the promotions. Let's talk about the products after this. Okay, so one is we can participate in the base deals. And if we do that, that will run for seven days. And the minimum that we need to do is 20% there. And we can go with just the normal prime exclusive discount, the price discount. And there we have the. We have. We're flexible with the duration. We can do it however long or however short we would like to do. But the minimum is still 20%. And there. Then we have lightning deals for back to school. It's just going to run up to 12 hours maximum. And we. The minimum is 15%. But we can, of course, go higher than that. Now, these are the three different options that we have. And regarding our products, we are going to participate with mostly two products, right? One is new 18 count. Another one is old 30 count. Snack to go. For snack to go, it's likely that we will have more overstock situation. So we can go. You can definitely go ahead with. Let's say we can run promos for more days, seven days at least, if we really see. And by the way, this opens up an opportunity. We Never had the option to participate in promos. Right here Amazon is giving us the option to participate in the promos and we need to confirm that as soon as possible, by the way.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: And for the snack to go, we don't have this option because it's price discount. We don't have this option. We are not eligible for this one. We have this one.

Speaker A: Sorry, which one? The older snacks to go.

Speaker B: The older snack to go. I'm just talking about that one because

Speaker A: it's not four stars.

Speaker B: Yes, exactly. But Amazon has given us the option to participate in the base deals for seven days at 20%. We also have another option to participate in the lightning deal which is just going to run for 12 hours. Okay, but for snack to go because we'll have more the old one because we'll have more stock, probably it's better that we go with this one that is going to run for seven days. If that's okay. If we all agree.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you're suggesting the best deals. Back to school.

Speaker C: That one.

Speaker B: And for the new snack to go, we have all of these three options open. So depending on if we are okay with giving this much discount for seven days, we can go with these or we can do just price discount for even two or three days. Totally up to us. By the way, if we participate in these base deals, it's like we can choose the week. Oh, it's seven days. So for base deal is fine, but for let's say lightning deal, we can choose the week, but Amazon will pick the date and time. So.

Speaker A: Okay, yeah, weird.

Speaker B: You don't have to decide right now, but just know that these are the options we do have to participate as soon as possible because these options don't remain for forever. We need to confirm them as soon as possible.

Speaker A: And. Sorry, so. And just to clarify which products this will be on.

Speaker B: Okay. For the snack to go, I'm recommending that we do this one right. For the. Sorry. For the old snack to go. For the new snack to go, we can pick. So I mean it first of all, depends. Are we okay with running a discount for seven days or not? If we are okay, then we can go ahead with this. If we are not, then we probably should go ahead with this one.

Speaker A: Okay. And so we're only talking about snacks to go. We're not talking about oil. I mean obviously it's back to school, but. And then. So for the new snacks to go. You're not suggesting anything.

Speaker B: I'm suggesting. Yes, I'm suggesting something like. I'm suggesting that we do something. We should definitely do something. But which one? Are we okay with running a 20 discount for 7 days or do you want something like would you just go for 12 hours of discount?

Speaker A: Well, just give me your, just give me completely your suggestion so I can bring it to her. Because I have zero opinions. I'm fine with putting everything at 20 off forever. So like, you know what I mean? I'm not. But so, so your suggestion is running it at seven days at 20% for the 30 gram snacks to go. And then what's your suggestion for the 28 gram or both. Like they do we both have to do the same thing? Like can one be on lightning and one is.

Speaker B: Yeah, both can be different.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So then should we risk like, so should the suggestion be we put the 30 gram snacks to go for seven days because we have to get through that inventory and then we do like a lightning one for the new snacks to go?

Speaker B: Yeah, we can do that. That will be too short. That's another thing that I'm, I'm thinking.

Speaker A: Or just do both. You're suggesting just both at 20% again, but that doesn't really help us with our overstock issue. That's why I'm thinking of separating them.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Because if they're both the same deal, people will just pick what they want. But I want to force them into the 30 gram.

Speaker B: Exactly. Okay. This time maybe let's just go with the lightning deal for the new one and 20%. Let's say it will be just 12 hours and, and then we can do this one seven days for the old snack to go.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And by the way, I know you're trying to drive traffic to your Shopify with emails and all. Are you doing emails? Do you have email list? Are you taking like, are you going to use any influencer this time?

Speaker A: Not for back to school, no.

Speaker B: Okay, so for the email you are trying to. You're only going to do that, you're only going to divert the traffic to the website. Not Amazon.

Speaker A: No, to Amazon. So for back to school or for prime days, I did send out an email to our email list saying that those two things were on prime. Yeah, the oil and the snacks to go.

Speaker C: Got it.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yes, I'm open to either. I don't, I don't need it to be Shopify only. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so if, let's say, if let's say the. I'm sorry, where is that? Okay, if let's say the lightning deal, it's not during the window, I mean promo window. That you are doing for Shopify, then maybe that's an option that I'm just proposing. Maybe you can send out one email saying that there's a lightning needle going on just for the newsnet to go purchase. 12 hours, limited time. You know, there's an urgency to this deal.

Speaker C: Can you.

Speaker A: Yes. Can you tell me when that is? Like, will you email me?

Speaker B: I don't know. Oh, yeah, I will know after you participate. Yeah, so we have to participate first. Then Amazon will just choose the time, then we'll know when it's happening.

Speaker A: Okay. So what I'm saying is I don't know if I will see that. Like, I don't know. So will you tell me when it starts is what I mean.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I will tell you when it starts. And also, you know, this is sometimes answered because it just goes on for 12 hours. Let's say the 12 hour starts from 11pm in the middle of the night.

Speaker A: Yeah. To be honest, then I probably won't send. I will send an email saying that we have 20% off on Amazon, but I probably wouldn't for a lightning deal.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: Just because it'll piss people off if they open up their email like two days later, you know, And I don't want to deal. It's just like sometimes I might have to weigh the risk of like customer service crap, you know?

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker A: So I'm just saying that that's what's happening. Let's move forward with that. Then. She and the rest of it I'll send over to her and let you know.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. One more thing, Brittany. So I think there may have been one confusion regarding the last invoice that I sent because we sent two months of invoices back to back.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, we are really late in sending. I think it was June's invoice that we sent really late. Or May's invoice I forgot about. So for the other one, we tried to follow up one more time, but didn't hear from Alicia on that. So I'd like to see what. You know.

Speaker A: So just. So my. My. What I'm writing is June's invoice is due.

Speaker B: Let me. Let me just forward this to you right now so that, you know, you can also see what's going on and you can bring it to attention.

Speaker A: Yeah, perfect.

Speaker B: Just one second. Okay, invoice. How about I do this right after this call because it looks like I need to do something.

Speaker A: All I'm going to put in here is Like, June's invoices due. Will ref. Forward to both of us, and then that will try.

Speaker B: I think it's.

Speaker A: Oh, July.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: I'm saying July's invoices do.

Speaker B: Because we send it before the month, right?

Speaker A: Oh, before. Okay. I don't know anything when you guys talk about that. I. Zona. Because it has nothing to do with me. Sorry. Okay.

Speaker B: I will tell her that you're in that email. So I'll just forward this.

Speaker A: Yeah, I literally don't need them, but I will. I will re. I'll bring her attention to it.

Speaker B: Okay. I'll let you.

Speaker A: She's out of town right now. Um, but, yeah, you should be paid. And I'm just looking if our admin is on that email, because sometimes it's not just an issue with Alicia. Like, usually our admin wants to only pay people, like, once a month, which is really crazy. So that could be what's going on, too.

Speaker B: But I don't think that was approved, so I think it still needs to be approved. After that it can be processed. Right.

Speaker A: Okay. Sounds good.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Have a great day. Thank you for your time. Sorry it was so much time.

Speaker B: No problem.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. Take care. Yeah. Bye.

