Transcript for: Recording__1189.mp4
Title: Recording #1189
============================================================

My screen. There you go. All right. Can you see my screen clearly? Yes, I can see it. All right, so two things I always be, always be reporting to you would be how the accounts are doing, what's their account status, are they still healthy, are they still going and how the campaign is going. So when it comes to the accounts, every account has been successfully set up and everything is going good. Every account is healthy. Right now we have two accounts, Sophia Briones and Ashley May Santiago, who are still warming up. So they're, they're accounts that still need to be sending some connection across here and there. They're not as healthy as the other three accounts, meaning to warm up and have to build up their connections. But that doesn't mean that they are not in the campaign, it just means that, that over the days we're going to be increasing their capacity to send more connection requests, to send more inmails. So this, this is some good news coming in into the future because as we move along with the campaigns, I'm going to be increasing their sending limits and we're doing this so just to keep the account safe so that they don't get restricted. LinkedIn doesn't, you know, flag them as spam bot accounts or whatnot. But yeah, those are the state of the accounts. I'll be increasing these later on as the campaign goes by. And speaking of the campaign, here is the progress of the campaign. For the past week, there is really not that much to report because the campaign just started. For the total of. For the past one week, there's been 37 connection requests sent, only one has been accepted and the we've sent one message so far, but that's mostly due to the campaign just started. So there's still a lot more to look forward to this campaign. You can see all of these stats on your dashboard if you log into the CPG Edge Hay Ridge, these are the stats said so via Briones0cent for now because we just added them in and they're still warming up. By next week, these numbers are going to be higher, especially since all of these accounts have been set up. And that'll give us more time to see how much connection requests are sent, how much connections are accepted, how much message are replied. And you can see the campaigns here. There's two campaigns that I've set up for you. I've took the liberty of making one for just US and Canada. And then I also found some leads that are outside US and Canada. I haven't launched it yet because I need Your go signal. I need your. Yeah, I need your go signal. I don't want to be fully transparent with everything that's happening. I don't want to be doing things without your permission and all that. So here in the US And Canada, this is the one that we've been discussing in the Slack channel. Right. All of these five accounts are connected here, but in the outside US And Canada, I only have the three ones because I haven't added in the two newer accounts that were still warming up. But here on the US And Canada campaign, I've already added all of the accounts. They're all going now. They are still pending. Of 1,800, 894. Right. And we relaunch this campaign because we had it paused for some changes in the messaging. We relaunched it at September 30th. So it's only been three days since this campaign has been going. So it's very, very early. Early. And it's very early into the campaign. So we haven't seen a lot of results yet. So I don't have that much to report. But apart from that, the what? The one thing that my concern would be the messaging, but I'll get into that later. For now, is there any questions or concerns that you have when it comes to the campaigns? When it comes to the. So for so far, I mean, we have been. Three accounts are warmed up, and we have been doing. We started from five requests for each account per day, and then we are slowly increasing that. Now I see they are set at 15 a day for three accounts. And for the other two, there are five. You will also scale that up to, I believe all of the accounts will be eventually scaled up to 30 a day. Is that how it works? Yes, to 30. Maximum of 40 a day. Okay. Okay. So we'll be sending somewhere between, and we'll be doing five days a week. Right. So somewhere between 150 to 200 requests a week will go out. All right, so that seems clear. It's, it's, it makes sense. Now we can talk about the content messaging if you want. Yeah. Oh, do you have any questions or concerns about the campaign? No, it just looks okay. All right. Yeah. So hold on, let me open up my slack. Right. The messages you sent are all good. My concern would be, hold on, let me reshare my screen real quick so that you can also see my slack right here. Present something else. Entire screen. There you go. Can you see my screen clearly? Yeah, entire screen clearly. There you go. Right. Let me put this here. And then Let me put this over here. There you go. All right. So messages are good. Yeah. So these are my comments are automatically sent to the lead. That's why my concern would be messages 1A and B are automatically sent a lead. That's what I'm concerned is message B. But because message B1B should highlight the industry standard. This is what we talked about in the previous meeting with evan. That message 1A would be structured in such a way that it highlights the eye catching numbers which I have already took your and Evan's suggestions. I've already adjusted the message b. The message 1A is fine, right? Yes. So I've already put in the numbers there. Yes. For message B. Right. We can make. If I edit this commit, I'm going to be pausing it real quickly. If we go to the sequence, we can add another message, another message variation so we can do some A B testing for message B. That's what I was requesting from you. If we could have an industry standard with a tone of. I know you are most likely spending this amount, but I can make your 3 times 3x revenue into a 5x with our services. So if we could have that standard. Now the thing is when you discussed that last week, it seemed like that. Well, not every. There is no industry standard in terms of how much in terms of dollar value they are spending for their account. It's going to change. It's going to be different for every account. Right. So one question that you discuss. Is there a way of seeing how much ad spend they have? They are. They. They're. How much they're spending on with Amazon ads. If you remember, Evan wanted to ask that question to you and also me. I said I don't know any way of doing that you also are not familiar with. Anyway, so now that's what made me think that. Okay, so if we have something like that, a tool like that, perhaps that would mean we can somehow streamline, you know, import that information and then plug it in in the messaging. So basically customizing it. So that's what I feel like, which is what I try to do here. And it's not also too much customization that I have requested. I understand that is going to be difficult if it is automated. Right. And manually checking is going to be difficult. So what else are you suggesting? We cannot plug in that number, by the way, how much they are spending. We cannot plug that in. I which is why I try to write in a way that will go for most of the established brands and address their problem, which is mostly with Profitability. Do they know how much money they're keeping? That kind of. Yeah. So the thing about this, right, is that we found these leads, right, in LinkedIn and we have no way so far off like connecting automatically from their LinkedIn to their Amazon store page or their brands. And if we're gonna do that manually, that's going to be taking a lot of time that I don't think any of us have because these are a lot of leads. So I honestly think that it's already good to just keep the message 1A and just keep it at that. But my suggestion is that, for example, like these leads reply like, yes, I am selling on Amazon. Maybe we can craft the message, message 1A or 1B or sorry, message 1A or message 2 in such a way that, hey, you're a seller in Amazon. If you could send us your ASIN link. Right. And this is where I come in, right? Because I used, I had an expert, I have my expertise with market research, competitor analysis. Back when I was working in seller interactive, I was their top representative there, right? If we structure it in such a way that, hey, if you can send us your, your asin, your Amazon ASIN will give you a free competitor analysis. I can do it. It'll take like probably 20 to 30 minutes depending on the ASIN, because I want to be completely thorough when it comes to how I do my value quality above all else. So I can do that competitor analysis if ever they do send their ASIN link. So that's my suggestion. We can structure one of these messages. Yeah. So you're suggesting we restructured the message B1B in a way that request for their ASIN and you probably do a competitive analysis. Yes, that would be good. So we could structure message one be the one you sent is, hi Amazon. We could say, hey, we know that you have a presence at Amazon or maybe you're looking for to have some more presence on Amazon. And then we could structure in such a way that we can help you with that by analyzing your competitors and making sure that you have an edge against them on Amazon. Yeah. Do you have any kind of message, similar message that you have used before? If so, do you mind sending me that? Unfortunately, I don't have the message structure that we had in my team way, way back then. So I don't have access to that. But if you can craft one, I could also help you with crafting one. That would be good. Yeah. So if you send me the rough drop that you have on your mind, then I'll probably, you know, take some time and see if we need to make any change. Then I'll give you my suggestions and then that will be good to go. Gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. All right. That's about it for my. For my concern when it comes to the messaging sequence. So to go back through it, we're gonna have like, our. Sending our connection requests message. These are all good. Message 1A. You've made a very spectacular message for 1B. We're gonna, we're gonna structure it in such a way that you're. We know that you have a presence for Amazon or maybe like, you want to go and have a bigger presence on Amazon, maybe you can send us your ASIN link and we're gonna give you a free competitor analysis and with that competitor anal, book a call with us. We'll give your insights. We'll tell you how to scale up because we know what we're doing. Right. Exactly. And then message two is all good. Oh, sorry, press the wrong button there. Yeah, Message two is all good. Yeah, that's about it for my end when it comes to my concerns with the campaign. Same from my end. Liwa. I'm sorry if I got your name wrong. It's all good. It's all good. It's a. It is weird because I can't change my name on. On Google, but I usually go by Liwa. Yeah. Liwa. Okay, good, good. Your. What's your name actual name is. I mean, the. The one that you officially use is John. Or is it Liwa? Oh, yeah. Lewa is. Is like my. My. My nickname, my alias. But. But my. My actual name is. There is John Connor. O. If you have concerns, I would love to discuss more of this with you because I do have a big background on this before I started working with N4 Evan, please do come up with your own suggestions because you have been working this space for a very long time. You just suggested for 1B. And I do like this suggestion. If you have something similar, do bring those up because I. I'm honestly just. You. You. You asked me to write these messages, so I wrote it. Otherwise I'm not like, enforcing that. Oh, this is what our messaging should be. I'm more like, yeah, whatever you suggest. And if I have any feedback, I'll give you that. That's all right. I'll make sure before I clock out of today's shift that I send in my proposal for message 1B. And if you want to tweak anything for it, I'll. I'll. I'll. I'LL have. I'll wait for it and then I'll plug it in into the campaign. Here, let me relaunch this again and I'll relaunch the campaign with the message V. Sure. Sounds good. All right. Do you have any questions? No, I don't have any. This was very brief and compact. I'll say. Informative. I'll say. So yeah, no, this is good enough for this call, I think. All right. Yeah, that's about it from my end as well. If you want to further discuss anything like Amazon related as well, I'm down to discuss. I did reserve the Next, you know, 10 minutes for our call. So if you have any concerns about that. Yeah, I think it's good enough. Leo, thank you so much. Thank you as well. Appreciate you. So I'm. Have a great weekend. I'll send in the message proposal and probably the next hour or two. Yeah, I still have some other tasks to settle with but yeah, I'll make sure to get that done before the end of this shift. Sounds good. Awesome. Have a good night and a nice weekend. Thank you. Likewise. Yeah. Bye now. Take care.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: My screen. There you go. All right. Can you see my screen clearly?

Speaker B: Yes, I can see it.

Speaker A: All right, so two things I always be, always be reporting to you would be how the accounts are doing, what's their account status, are they still healthy, are they still going and how the campaign is going. So when it comes to the accounts, every account has been successfully set up and everything is going good. Every account is healthy. Right now we have two accounts, Sophia Briones and Ashley May Santiago, who are still warming up. So they're, they're accounts that still need to be sending some connection across here and there. They're not as healthy as the other three accounts, meaning to warm up and have to build up their connections. But that doesn't mean that they are not in the campaign, it just means that, that over the days we're going to be increasing their capacity to send more connection requests, to send more inmails. So this, this is some good news coming in into the future because as we move along with the campaigns, I'm going to be increasing their sending limits and we're doing this so just to keep the account safe so that they don't get restricted. LinkedIn doesn't, you know, flag them as spam bot accounts or whatnot. But yeah, those are the state of the accounts. I'll be increasing these later on as the campaign goes by. And speaking of the campaign, here is the progress of the campaign. For the past week, there is really not that much to report because the campaign just started. For the total of. For the past one week, there's been 37 connection requests sent, only one has been accepted and the we've sent one message so far, but that's mostly due to the campaign just started. So there's still a lot more to look forward to this campaign. You can see all of these stats on your dashboard if you log into the CPG Edge Hay Ridge, these are the stats said so via Briones0cent for now because we just added them in and they're still warming up. By next week, these numbers are going to be higher, especially since all of these accounts have been set up. And that'll give us more time to see how much connection requests are sent, how much connections are accepted, how much message are replied. And you can see the campaigns here. There's two campaigns that I've set up for you. I've took the liberty of making one for just US and Canada. And then I also found some leads that are outside US and Canada. I haven't launched it yet because I need Your go signal. I need your. Yeah, I need your go signal. I don't want to be fully transparent with everything that's happening. I don't want to be doing things without your permission and all that. So here in the US And Canada, this is the one that we've been discussing in the Slack channel. Right. All of these five accounts are connected here, but in the outside US And Canada, I only have the three ones because I haven't added in the two newer accounts that were still warming up. But here on the US And Canada campaign, I've already added all of the accounts. They're all going now. They are still pending. Of 1,800, 894. Right. And we relaunch this campaign because we had it paused for some changes in the messaging. We relaunched it at September 30th. So it's only been three days since this campaign has been going. So it's very, very early. Early. And it's very early into the campaign. So we haven't seen a lot of results yet. So I don't have that much to report. But apart from that, the what? The one thing that my concern would be the messaging, but I'll get into that later. For now, is there any questions or concerns that you have when it comes to the campaigns? When it comes to the.

Speaker B: So for so far, I mean, we have been. Three accounts are warmed up, and we have been doing. We started from five requests for each account per day, and then we are slowly increasing that. Now I see they are set at 15 a day for three accounts. And for the other two, there are five. You will also scale that up to, I believe all of the accounts will be eventually scaled up to 30 a day. Is that how it works?

Speaker A: Yes, to 30. Maximum of 40 a day.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. So we'll be sending somewhere between, and we'll be doing five days a week. Right. So somewhere between 150 to 200 requests a week will go out. All right, so that seems clear. It's, it's, it makes sense. Now we can talk about the content messaging if you want.

Speaker A: Yeah. Oh, do you have any questions or concerns about the campaign?

Speaker B: No, it just looks okay.

Speaker A: All right. Yeah. So hold on, let me open up my slack. Right. The messages you sent are all good. My concern would be, hold on, let me reshare my screen real quick so that you can also see my slack right here. Present something else. Entire screen. There you go. Can you see my screen clearly? Yeah, entire screen clearly.

Speaker B: There you go.

Speaker A: Right. Let me put this here. And then Let me put this over here. There you go. All right. So messages are good. Yeah. So these are my comments are automatically sent to the lead. That's why my concern would be messages 1A and B are automatically sent a lead. That's what I'm concerned is message B. But because message B1B should highlight the industry standard. This is what we talked about in the previous meeting with evan. That message 1A would be structured in such a way that it highlights the eye catching numbers which I have already took your and Evan's suggestions. I've already adjusted the message b.

Speaker B: The message 1A is fine, right?

Speaker A: Yes. So I've already put in the numbers there. Yes. For message B. Right. We can make. If I edit this commit, I'm going to be pausing it real quickly. If we go to the sequence, we can add another message, another message variation so we can do some A B testing for message B. That's what I was requesting from you. If we could have an industry standard with a tone of. I know you are most likely spending this amount, but I can make your 3 times 3x revenue into a 5x with our services. So if we could have that standard.

Speaker B: Now the thing is when you discussed that last week, it seemed like that. Well, not every. There is no industry standard in terms of how much in terms of dollar value they are spending for their account. It's going to change. It's going to be different for every account. Right. So one question that you discuss. Is there a way of seeing how much ad spend they have? They are. They. They're. How much they're spending on with Amazon ads. If you remember, Evan wanted to ask that question to you and also me. I said I don't know any way of doing that you also are not familiar with. Anyway, so now that's what made me think that. Okay, so if we have something like that, a tool like that, perhaps that would mean we can somehow streamline, you know, import that information and then plug it in in the messaging. So basically customizing it. So that's what I feel like, which is what I try to do here. And it's not also too much customization that I have requested. I understand that is going to be difficult if it is automated. Right. And manually checking is going to be difficult. So what else are you suggesting? We cannot plug in that number, by the way, how much they are spending. We cannot plug that in. I which is why I try to write in a way that will go for most of the established brands and address their problem, which is mostly with Profitability. Do they know how much money they're keeping? That kind of.

Speaker A: Yeah. So the thing about this, right, is that we found these leads, right, in LinkedIn and we have no way so far off like connecting automatically from their LinkedIn to their Amazon store page or their brands. And if we're gonna do that manually, that's going to be taking a lot of time that I don't think any of us have because these are a lot of leads. So I honestly think that it's already good to just keep the message 1A and just keep it at that. But my suggestion is that, for example, like these leads reply like, yes, I am selling on Amazon. Maybe we can craft the message, message 1A or 1B or sorry, message 1A or message 2 in such a way that, hey, you're a seller in Amazon. If you could send us your ASIN link. Right. And this is where I come in, right? Because I used, I had an expert, I have my expertise with market research, competitor analysis. Back when I was working in seller interactive, I was their top representative there, right? If we structure it in such a way that, hey, if you can send us your, your asin, your Amazon ASIN will give you a free competitor analysis. I can do it. It'll take like probably 20 to 30 minutes depending on the ASIN, because I want to be completely thorough when it comes to how I do my value quality above all else. So I can do that competitor analysis if ever they do send their ASIN link. So that's my suggestion. We can structure one of these messages. Yeah.

Speaker B: So you're suggesting we restructured the message B1B in a way that request for their ASIN and you probably do a competitive analysis.

Speaker A: Yes, that would be good. So we could structure message one be the one you sent is, hi Amazon. We could say, hey, we know that you have a presence at Amazon or maybe you're looking for to have some more presence on Amazon. And then we could structure in such a way that we can help you with that by analyzing your competitors and making sure that you have an edge against them on Amazon.

Speaker B: Yeah. Do you have any kind of message, similar message that you have used before? If so, do you mind sending me that?

Speaker A: Unfortunately, I don't have the message structure that we had in my team way, way back then. So I don't have access to that. But if you can craft one, I could also help you with crafting one. That would be good.

Speaker B: Yeah. So if you send me the rough drop that you have on your mind, then I'll probably, you know, take some time and see if we need to make any change. Then I'll give you my suggestions and then that will be good to go.

Speaker A: Gotcha. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: All right. That's about it for my. For my concern when it comes to the messaging sequence. So to go back through it, we're gonna have like, our. Sending our connection requests message. These are all good. Message 1A. You've made a very spectacular message for 1B. We're gonna, we're gonna structure it in such a way that you're. We know that you have a presence for Amazon or maybe like, you want to go and have a bigger presence on Amazon, maybe you can send us your ASIN link and we're gonna give you a free competitor analysis and with that competitor anal, book a call with us. We'll give your insights. We'll tell you how to scale up because we know what we're doing.

Speaker B: Right. Exactly.

Speaker A: And then message two is all good. Oh, sorry, press the wrong button there. Yeah, Message two is all good. Yeah, that's about it for my end when it comes to my concerns with the campaign.

Speaker B: Same from my end. Liwa. I'm sorry if I got your name wrong.

Speaker A: It's all good. It's all good. It's a. It is weird because I can't change my name on. On Google, but I usually go by Liwa.

Speaker B: Yeah. Liwa. Okay, good, good.

Speaker A: Your.

Speaker B: What's your name actual name is. I mean, the. The one that you officially use is John. Or is it Liwa?

Speaker A: Oh, yeah. Lewa is. Is like my. My. My nickname, my alias. But. But my. My actual name is. There is John Connor.

Speaker B: O.

Speaker A: If you have concerns, I would love to discuss more of this with you because I do have a big background on this before I started working with N4 Evan,

Speaker B: please do come up with your own suggestions because you have been working this space for a very long time. You just suggested for 1B. And I do like this suggestion. If you have something similar, do bring those up because I. I'm honestly just. You.

Speaker A: You.

Speaker B: You asked me to write these messages, so I wrote it. Otherwise I'm not like, enforcing that. Oh, this is what our messaging should be. I'm more like, yeah, whatever you suggest. And if I have any feedback, I'll give you that.

Speaker A: That's all right. I'll make sure before I clock out of today's shift that I send in my proposal for message 1B. And if you want to tweak anything for it, I'll. I'll. I'll. I'LL have. I'll wait for it and then I'll plug it in into the campaign. Here, let me relaunch this again and I'll relaunch the campaign with the message V. Sure.

Speaker B: Sounds good.

Speaker A: All right. Do you have any questions?

Speaker B: No, I don't have any. This was very brief and compact. I'll say. Informative. I'll say. So yeah, no, this is good enough for this call, I think.

Speaker A: All right. Yeah, that's about it from my end as well. If you want to further discuss anything like Amazon related as well, I'm down to discuss. I did reserve the Next, you know, 10 minutes for our call. So if you have any concerns about that.

Speaker B: Yeah, I think it's good enough. Leo, thank you so much.

Speaker A: Thank you as well. Appreciate you. So I'm. Have a great weekend. I'll send in the message proposal and probably the next hour or two. Yeah, I still have some other tasks to settle with but yeah, I'll make sure to get that done before the end of this shift.

Speaker B: Sounds good. Awesome. Have a good night and a nice weekend.

Speaker A: Thank you. Likewise.

Speaker B: Yeah. Bye now.

Speaker A: Take care.

