Transcript for: Recording__75.mp4
Title: Recording #75
============================================================

For a second and then I'm going to share. Okay. Can you see just this report? Yep. Yeah. Okay, so these are all the ASINs on Amazon CA right now. Well, a few of these are gone. I should just so. And basically. Yeah, so basically what I did in here. So I'll maybe just highlight in yellow our top sellers here, which we know are our top sellers that we just talked about will get the majority of the budget. Right. So we have the camelino 2 times 500 mil and the snacks to go variety pack here, which you're seeing, which I've labeled here, top sellers. This is one of those operational things where this 5 liter bag in a box was a really good revenue item on Amazon as well until show home. Annabel just kind of mentioned that there was, they. There was like a labeling issue that happened with Amazon and then the, the recommendation was to drive down all of your inventory and start new. But now we've been like stuck, stuck at like 15 units forever. So that is one that I would like him to work with you on, on seeing if we can fix because it. It's a good revenue item in the Camelina oil bucket. So I've just highlighted that in red as fix these gray highlights here, These are all items that are on Amazon that have already been phased out or are going to be phased out. As in we are driving down inventory and when we're out, it will not be refulfilled. And so basically that's all of these 40 grams. I don't even know if I should go on your report and tell you which one it is, but. No, that's fine. So the ones I'm keeping are so 2 camel. This is Canada. Right. So we're keeping 2 camelina oils, 2 variety packs. 3 variety packs. And then. And what's. So basically what that does now is everything now that we offer, Susie, is variety. But what you're seeing here, for instance, this is a Amazon variety pack of the chickpeas specifically. So it's only chickpeas, it's the pouches and it's the three flavors. Sea salt, barbecue, sea salt, lime. Okay. Then we have only Favas pouches, variety. Then we have only lentils pouches, variety. And then I put question marks here because then we have salad toppers, pouches, variety. And then we have the two chocolates. So that's what's left after these days. But where are the singles? So you can't buy dill pickle fava anymore. Right. Okay. Not just dill pickle. Okay. Honestly, early on we had like a three times dill pickle or a six times cheddar and we completely purged and we just said variety is what sells. Okay, what's the last one? What's the. So this one is a mirai with sack. This is combining the beans. This is a variety combining beans instead of just being chickpeas favas or whatever. So. So where's the ASIN that Soham's putting $2,000 on? Where's the. Okay, that. Okay, okay. So wait just one sec. Okay, so that one. Right. So soham, that's your 2000. Okay. So your snacks to go will have. So then you have another variety pack of chickpea lentils. Zesty. That will have a little bit of the $500. Yeah. So I guess if I highlight these of what we're saying that last bit of $500 is to guess. I guess what you're saying. So yeah, show home is to just give these a little bit of juice. Right. Which will be. That's one. It'll be. This is my question mark is the toppers and the chocolate. But it for sure should be these other varieties of our core items, which are these four. And then maybe with the 500 you put the orange. But maybe you just learn. Like is there a benefit to figuring out lentils, toppers, chocolate. Like is there a benefit to learning or do we just pull the band aid and say focus all on the snacks to go. I will say the chocolate items, I don't see any. I mean I think those are not scalable, particularly because they're merely during the summer months. Yep. Yeah. But apart from those, if you want to talk about the other variety bags, for example, chickpeas. Yes. We can do some experiments to see how they do. Specifically chickens, for example. Yeah. But also that brings to another thing that we need to discuss is a bible issues that we had on them. Correct. Yeah. So we don't have the buy box and I have. What don't we have the buy box on? We don't have buy box on some of the variety packs. I have the ASINS here, but yeah. Anyway, I guess I don't know the skus. I don't remember the skus, but I, I know I should have had. I know we have our product numbers and I should have asked Britney to put in the ASINs. Again, I have a different document that might have the asins and I can do the different. But can you just tell me the descriptor of the asin? Yes, yes. Okay. How about I send you the links right now because I have the movement in the chat. Yeah, yeah. It's like the lentil variety pack. The chickpea variety pack, and then. Yeah, the pack of three lentils. Yeah, three of them. And then the pack of five. Yes. Yeah. You know them by heart. Okay, I'll say. So it's basically all our core variety packs is what you're saying. But not this last one that combines the beans. I'm not only sure, but yeah, that one's lost to those three. The wholesome. The wholesome experience, which that one used to kill it. That one lost the buy box, too. So which one. Which variety pack do have we not lost the buy box to then right now? Hey, guys, I have a hard, hard quick stop at 11:15 with my lawyer, so this is really, really important to figure out, like, what we're gonna do. Yeah. So, and I. You know what, Susie? I guess my last question to you is, do you have still hard feelings on. Just go with this 500 feeler on these offers right now? No, but we're gonna talk about the buy box issue and how we diagnose that and solve for that. Because what you're saying. Show home, if there is a buy box issue, then it. We probably want to even lower that, spend a little bit more until we figure that out. So that will naturally happen. Okay, but don'. Spend. Don't spend on whatever. If it's not like, I'm more of like, make the tough call. Right. Don't be half pregnant or spread the peanut butter. Like, go big unless we're gonna learn, right? Oh, okay, we're gonna learn. But let's be like, let's be tough with the choices. Another option is maybe you spend a thousand on your snacks to go single and a thousand on your variety pack. The three of them. Right. Like the other. That other one. But whatever it is, it should be like, we think we can win here. We're gonna go big and don't sprinkle on. And that's why these quantity numbers are really good to see show home. Because I don't know what happened in January with this chickpea pack, but we just went from 41, like, trending 30s, 40s to 128 in January. So again, chickpeas are hot. People want to be healthy. Chickpeas is a hot search word. So. So, yeah, to Susie's point, maybe of that 500, the chickpea gets the majority of that or however. Right. So, yes, you're right. You're right. It won the buy box. For a while, I think in January. That's why you see that increase. Okay. Won it back and then lost it. Yeah. Okay. Why does that happen? Yeah, I don't. Because we're saying it's not a second seller. Because it's not saying. Is it? Is it? Are we selling cheaper somewhere else? Is it caught? Like, what is Amazon seeing that's taking away the buy box from us? Amazon doesn't reveal much information. So all we can do is check on our end if it is listed somewhere else or even if it's not us, if someone else has listed somewhere else as a reseller, that's the check we can do on our end. And I think that's what you should do as a next step and see if we can find something. Yeah. Because we are the only seller. Right. Like it's not like the Amazon.com issue. Yeah, yeah. And the interesting thing here is we do. Because it's a variety pack, this actual item and offering is not sold anywhere else. Right. Like the individual bags retail out there, but the actual variety offering of them bundled together is not. It's only on Amazon. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Have to look into it a little bit more. Probably that's something that I can do in a week, within a week or next time we meet, we'll have it ready. We'll have something ready because. Yes, because that makes it like, why would it come back in January? We have. Nothing's changed with retailers or online in January where like it wasn't offered somewhere and now it's offered somewhere. You know what I mean? Like came back in January and then we lost it again because. So the only two reasons you would look, you would lose a buy box show home is if another seller discounts you and sells you cheaper. Which we would see that on the Amazon page or if Amazon sees somewhere in the Google world that it's selling for cheaper. Yes. Those are the two things that we can understand. But there Amazon will say they have other internal requirements and they won't reveal those things. So, yeah, it gets complicated. So. Okay. I actually would love your opinion on this. So we chatted about this before. However, I always think if they're going to find it cheaper regardless of what the flavor is, it's going to be like londondrugs.com right. So can it. I'm gonna search and see what we are there right now. Is it possible that it's like, okay, three farmers right now, see, we're on sale for 3.99. So 3.99 times three is cheaper than what we're selling it for. Like, can it. It can see that. So crazy usually doesn't happen. So it usually matches the upc. Yeah. Right. So that's so weird. I'm trying to think, does Walmart ca sell this for some reason? No, it's really only. I feel like I've dug in before and it seems to be only London Drugs. And it's. And we're like always on sale at London Drugs. Like, I don't think I've ever seen it. Not on sale. Okay. Now, I have seen in some cases when let's say on Costco, a client is sending you back a pack of two, but on Amazon you have pack of one. I have seen that in some cases that they will say, hey, we are like, you are selling it for that price there. I mean, they just. Even in that case, they mentioned a competitive price here. They haven't given us anything. So it looks like it's something else. So could you put a ticket in to Amazon show home with the case of saying, we don't understand why we're losing this buy box. This item is exclusive to Amazon. It's not sold anywhere else. Yeah, I mean, I could do that. But you know what? I think I know their response already. I'll try to try. Yeah, because. And because. Yeah. Or like with that second question, because why did we get it back in January and lost it again in February? Nothing changed. This item has always been exclusive to Amazon. And like, I guess, like, hopefully they can see, like, literally figure it out for us, Amazon, because we can do three times the volume with you. Like, my God. Yeah. Yeah. That's so annoying. Yeah. Like the buy box, literally, I'm like, so triggered is an overused word. But F, is it annoying? So show home. So what if we. So in terms of just deploying a plan, because we're. Britney's done that work digging, where the hell could this be selling? Like, well, ca. Like, we'll look, we'll talk again. We'll, you know, Britt's done it. So then the second thing is go to Amazon and use those words like, this is exclusive to the Amazon customer. This is not sold anywhere else. So why is this happening? See if we can get an answer. Third plan C would be do we need to try dropping the price to see if it comes back? Like, drop it a dollar. But I'd rather that be the last place that we go. Right. Yes. Okay, so because those are the only three things we can do to get this back, basically, Right. True. Yes. Okay. Okay. So yeah, so if you want to go to Amazon, see what response we can get there, if any. If not, when we come back together, maybe next week or whatever, we'll have to just decide. Okay, let's try one. We could just try on the chickpeas. Just drop it $1 and see if that opens things back up for whatever reason. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Okay. What we should thank. Oh, sorry. Just as a side note, what we should be the most thankful for is the snacks to a variety pack is on Costco CA. Right. And it's for $10 cheaper for like the two pack. I'm like, it's because we sell on Amazon in singles, we sell on Costco CA in doubles. It's a, it's a different pack size, but. Right. So then that wouldn't make sense. So I'm saying if our London drugs theory is accurate, that's only one. Right. Like one pack. So then I'm like, well, if that is the issue, then please don't, for the love of God, Costco see that. Yeah. Anyways, and then so just informing here, show home. So that. And I'll resend this around with my new highlights. But just so you know, and maybe, actually maybe what we'll do, Brittany, is we'll put the ASINS into these again. We'll update it so that we have our SKU and the asin so it's easy for everybody to just look at and know what we're talking. So we'll update this and so and I'll just make like yellow is top sellers. I'll make more comments here. But basically these gray ones, when we're out of inventory, they will not be fulfilled again. Same in the US and so in the US the big hit is going to be on the lentils because that 40 gram lentils does well in the US so. So I'd like us to understand next time when we talk about the forecast of these going away. Yes, snacks to go and Camelino are going to wrap up. But then all of a sudden there's going to be a dip because these are going to go away before we go back again. So I just want to make sure in our numbers and our expectations that we align on when that could start to happen. And then the other thing we'll discuss here is these are likely going to go away. So do not put any dollars there and we'll decide on whether we run these out or whatever. This is part of a bigger discussion of company wide. Are these going away or just on Amazon? Yeah, right. Okay. And then so right now, so we're saying after these go away, your focus is on one. You have 1, 2, 3, 4, like 7 ASINs. Right. Okay. And then I'll let Annabelle speak to you more about this specifically in terms of the strategy that's been deployed there. Because yeah, that item coming back is a really good revenue. Like I think we could see it here. Like it's a. It's a hundred dollar item or whatever it is. Hey, Brittany. So 30 units, even 15 units. It's a good revenue driver. All right. Yeah, yeah. It's been, yeah. An issue for obviously you can see most of 2024. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Discontinue my biggest kind of, I think fear. Now we for sure are done. Done like the barbecue. 40 grams. Right. And as you can see that one, especially in January, 112. Yeah. So that one is a. Is a hit. Yeah. But again, one month of however many months. Right. So that one will be like, it will be a hit for one month. Because January apparently, I'm told, is an exception in itself. Right. Now, Last year was not great because I feel like. And it's always after Black Friday, so we never expect January to be great. But I think the main Canada thing helped. Right. We seem to have like the more, you know, protein, blah, blah, blah. Yeah, yeah, it's good. And again, I had a different file of like 2024. Like basically I think of removing all of these 40 grams out of Canada, I think annually. It was like $80,000 that we have to make up or something. Right. Which I think we can definitely close that gap and surpass it. So it's just so that we're aware, show home. Because we're going to go like this and then back like this. Yeah, right. Yeah, yeah. The other thing we should just think about too is with the new Snacks to Go variety pack that's coming, Alicia said like April Ish. Right, that's what you said, like mid April. If, if that's going to be a variant under Snacks to go or if that's like its own separate page. And then obviously we'll just lean on you for that. Do you want to maybe we'll put that on our agenda for our next discussion. Show home. So right now the go away is get that dashboard where it needs to be, start your spend, move your budget on CA and I again in the US yes, that makes sense. Put the dollars where you get that snacks to go doing what it should be doing in the U.S. right. We don't have any inventory by the way. So we need to send inventory as soon as you can. Oh, we're low on inventory. Okay. Zero. So we need to send as soon as we can. So anyway, so inventory. Can we follow up with Annabelle where we're at on that? Why did it. Yeah, him and Natasha had just. I want to say two or three weeks ago had finally had like. No. Knew that was coming and finalized it. So maybe there's. Yeah. So I wonder if we have a shipment out. That's kind of my question. Like, is a shipment out? Where are we at? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah, we'll take a look at that. Show home. Yeah, I think we need to. To have that discussion about inventory management, how much quantity we ship. So I know Anupav already takes care of that, but still we can have a conversation and see if we need to improve something there. There are a few more things to discuss. Would you like to discuss them in this meeting or would you like to compliment? What. Can you just label them? What are they? Sure. Well, the parity pack, the snack to go ad budget, that's one thing. Of course, we have been discussing that a little bit. But if you want me to specify an amount, I would say if we need to move the needle, especially because it's in the US we should allocate. Allocate 2000 to 3000 US dollar. That's what I'll feel comfortable. Okay. No, no, no. You only have like $800 in the US right? You don't have. We didn't allocate the US very clearly yet. Yeah. No. So there is a special circumstance in the US Right now around just tariffs and managing our spend in our budget right now going. Two reasons. Just the US Market and strategy overall is under review. And secondly, with the relaunch and rebranding, which is a huge project of ours this year, we need to manage budgets very, very tightly. So last discussion we had, we said in the U.S. you had about $850 there. Right now we can do the 3,000 in Canada, but 850 right now in the U.S. okay. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. It's kind of. We're kind of in a hold position there. Show home. So. But again, and because lots of the items going away in the US like these lentils and stuff, I'll send these grids so you can see it. So again in the US Unless we can see that even with these dollars, we can start seeing that snacks to go open up, I likely won't be able to grab more dollars to throw there. And Then secondly, depending on the tariff we're gonna have to do a price increase and who knows how that's going to impact how that's going to impact sales. Right. So the pricing, it's very. I mean something that I noticed is in the US we have listed it for 30.2 9.99 US and in Canada we are also selling for the same. So you definitely have a price advantage there. And I think we need to review, we need to see how competitors are priced so that we can also compete competitively price ourselves. And another thing about tariffs, last time you asked me what kind of discussions I had with my clients. Well when. Well I think it has been delayed by one month. One month. Important thing is when the tariffs are introduced I think the Canadian dollar will also be devalued. Right. So that will also. Yeah. So we have. And that is in our pricing strategies. Yes. We have upstate up upside with the exchange as long as we built in the appropriate exchange. Right. As a company. And then we need to also re review because we have other US channels that are going to tighten up that we're having to eat a lot. I don't know if Amazon is going to be a place that we're going to say we're okay to eat more over here. Right. Like is it like what, what are the fees looking like it is more expensive to do business down there. Like all that kind of stuff will play into it. But yes I hear you and that has been because we have ingredient, like bulk ingredient customers customers down there and like our US customers and saying how are we going to manage this? Do we need to price increase? How much can we absorb due to the upside of the exchange? And so that's where. And at the end of the day we'll know more on March 3rd. Is it 25%? Is it 10? Is it 50? Like what is it? Like just say what it is. Yeah. Well then we really know what we can do, right? Yeah, yeah. Is it 0%? So terrify. Yeah. So but for now let's just that 850 is max because the US just overall strategy we just need to hold until we know the information and then we can do more. Yeah. Okay, sounds all right. The second thing that on that is on my list is AB testing for the main image. Again we're talking about snack to parity back in Canada. I know we have been trying to design the main image which is not on point yet but I was thinking of like would you be. Here's my thought. First of all we can set up AB testing with a new label design where we'll have that word on the packaging. Where that's just going to be. No, we can't do that. We can't do that. Yeah, operationally that's hugely complex because now I'm having to like make a whole new again and because you know what, show home. Because we're rebranding, so this is really important. Like we're completely rebranding and going to be changing all of our packaging this year. So. Yeah, because that basically is saying I need, I need to do a whole strategy of rebranding a package, one unit. Right. So that's not ideal. Yeah, yeah. All right. And the third thing was tacos and ecos. I last. In the last meeting, I think 1. I think Britain shared one comparison between different media spend and how the returns look like. So Meta Google and Instacart Amazon. And we were comparing ACOs or ROAS AD ROAS. And I just think if we take Adroas as the KPI and compare it with other immediate spends, that is going to be misleading because on Amazon we are not advertising just to get some advertising sales. We are advertising to impact our organic ranking. So let's say right now we are generating 50% of our revenue organically and 50% from ADS. Maybe down the line, after one year or one and a half year, we would aim to generate 60% or 70% of our revenue organically and 30% from ADS. So what I'm talking about is we need to compare the ad spend with the total revenue generated. That probably should be the ideal KPI to compare with other channels. Okay, yes, that makes sense to me because yeah, roas can turn into where you're basically just buying an existing audience versus growing your organic audience is what you're saying. And so you're saying if tacos is what we're measuring, which is the total ad cost, so if it's 2% or, sorry, say it starts at 20%, your tacos is 20%. You want to see that number go down, right? Well, depending on your revenues go up depending on your objective. So if you, let's say, want to be more profitable on Amazon channel versus let's say you want to grow more, then probably makes sense to stay at 20% for a very long time. But let's say now you're like, okay, now enough, we have grown enough, I want to maximize my profit on the channel, then we have to aim to get the done whatever it is, that's an absolute KPI. It's not Infinity Matrix. So it's always better to keep track of KPI API compared to address. Okay. Okay. And I'm still. I need to learn a little bit about that too, because you're saying. Because Tacos is comparing organic versus paid and depending on our strategy. Okay, sorry, is that not what it's doing? Oh, total versus a paid. Total versus paid. Okay, so. Okay, so. But it. So that doesn't define what's bought organically versus what was paid for. It just adds everything up. Right. The paid and organic. You are calculating the spend versus the total. So it's considering both. Yes, yes. So, but it's telling me how many people bought organically and how many people saw my ads and bought the matrix. No, it just compares. Simply compares ad spend with your revenue. Total revenue. Okay. Okay. So it's not giving me that granular of the detail. Okay, what's telling me that. What's telling me how many came in organically and how many came in through an ad. Well, then you can take a look at the total revenue and also how much is being generated from the ad console. Right. The revenue from ad console. And then just if you want to know the organic revenue, then it's total revenue minus whatever. Whatever has been generated from ads. Right, right. Yeah. Okay. And again, you know what? This is Last touch attribution that you get to see on Amazon. It doesn't. So by that, I mean. I mean. I mean, okay, if after clicking on our. If someone buys the product within seven days for sponsored product ads, I don't want to make it too complicated. There is a window. So let's say someone clicks today, and if that person purchases our product within seven days, then that will get attributed. But what if that person buys after that, or let's say our product a long time ago from. From an ad, and then he came back one month after. Just because he saw it one month ago, he bought our products. He doesn't give us all those insights. Okay, okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Get my. Wrap my head around that more because I'm not the expert, so I just have to make it very simple to understand what I'm. How I'm. Yeah, okay. Okay. Okay. Was there anything else you wanted to touch? Oh, go ahead, Brittany. I was just gonna say I'll have to find a YouTube video for us to break it down. Yeah, yeah, no, that's everything. I just chatted to New Bob. He did mention because him and Natasha are reviewing that together. Right. Those shipments. So. So they did ship one. And I want to say like, two or three weeks ago. Okay. Yeah. Let's see where it's at. Okay. So inventory is on its way. Show home. We'll find out where it's at. Okay. All right. Okay, great. So I guess. And then the last thing I wanted was just a more permanent cadence. So why don't we put another one in for next week, and then I'll put on the agenda there. Because basically, does this time work again for you? Show home. Next week. Thursday. Right? What's happening next week? Thursday. Thursday, yeah. Thursday night. Thursday. 9:30 CST. Yeah. What time is it there? It's like 10:00pm yes. Wild. Wild. The opposite side of the world. Now, I'm curious how close the new Bob is to you. I'm sure. Obviously, I know India is, like, huge, but scroll your neighbor. Yeah, right. Yeah, I'm sure he's right next door. I hate people. They think Canada. Oh, do you know so and so? It's like, no, I literally, we are more populated than that, but not as populated as India. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Well, great. Thanks for that. So everybody kind of has their marching orders. Show home your. Your ad optimizing, you know, where to put the budgets to drive and clean up that dashboard. Brittany's working on the final touches of the images. And then I will circulate out just that highlighted the ASINs, phasing out which ones the question marks and the fixes. Yeah. Okay, awesome. Great. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Have a good day. Bye. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: For a second and then I'm going to share. Okay. Can you see just this report? Yep. Yeah. Okay, so these are all the ASINs on Amazon CA right now. Well, a few of these are gone. I should just so. And basically. Yeah, so basically what I did in here. So I'll maybe just highlight in yellow our top sellers here, which we know are our top sellers that we just talked about will get the majority of the budget. Right. So we have the camelino 2 times 500 mil and the snacks to go variety pack here, which you're seeing, which I've labeled here, top sellers. This is one of those operational things where this 5 liter bag in a box was a really good revenue item on Amazon as well until show home. Annabel just kind of mentioned that there was, they. There was like a labeling issue that happened with Amazon and then the, the recommendation was to drive down all of your inventory and start new. But now we've been like stuck, stuck at like 15 units forever. So that is one that I would like him to work with you on, on seeing if we can fix because it. It's a good revenue item in the Camelina oil bucket. So I've just highlighted that in red as fix these gray highlights here, These are all items that are on Amazon that have already been phased out or are going to be phased out. As in we are driving down inventory and when we're out, it will not be refulfilled. And so basically that's all of these 40 grams. I don't even know if I should go on your report and tell you which one it is, but.

Speaker B: No, that's fine. So the ones I'm keeping are so 2 camel. This is Canada.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker B: So we're keeping 2 camelina oils, 2 variety packs. 3 variety packs.

Speaker A: And then.

Speaker B: And what's.

Speaker A: So basically what that does now is everything now that we offer, Susie, is variety. But what you're seeing here, for instance, this is a Amazon variety pack of the chickpeas specifically. So it's only chickpeas, it's the pouches and it's the three flavors. Sea salt, barbecue, sea salt, lime.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Then we have only Favas pouches, variety. Then we have only lentils pouches, variety. And then I put question marks here because then we have salad toppers, pouches, variety. And then we have the two chocolates. So that's what's left after these days.

Speaker B: But where are the singles? So you can't buy dill pickle fava anymore. Right. Okay.

Speaker A: Not just dill pickle.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Honestly, early on we had like a three times dill pickle or a six times cheddar and we completely purged and we just said variety is what sells.

Speaker B: Okay, what's the last one? What's the.

Speaker A: So this one is a mirai with sack. This is combining the beans. This is a variety combining beans instead of just being chickpeas favas or whatever. So.

Speaker B: So where's the ASIN that Soham's putting $2,000 on? Where's the. Okay, that. Okay, okay. So wait just one sec. Okay, so that one. Right. So soham, that's your 2000. Okay. So your snacks to go will have. So then you have another variety pack of chickpea lentils. Zesty. That will have a little bit of the $500.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I guess if I highlight these of what we're saying that last bit of $500 is to guess. I guess what you're saying. So yeah, show home is to just give these a little bit of juice. Right. Which will be. That's one. It'll be. This is my question mark is the toppers and the chocolate. But it for sure should be these other varieties of our core items, which are these four.

Speaker B: And then maybe with the 500 you put the orange. But maybe you just learn. Like is there a benefit to figuring out lentils, toppers, chocolate. Like is there a benefit to learning or do we just pull the band aid and say focus all on the snacks to go.

Speaker D: I will say the chocolate items, I don't see any. I mean I think those are not scalable, particularly because they're merely during the summer months.

Speaker A: Yep. Yeah.

Speaker D: But apart from those, if you want to talk about the other variety bags, for example, chickpeas. Yes. We can do some experiments to see how they do. Specifically chickens, for example. Yeah. But also that brings to another thing that we need to discuss is a bible issues that we had on them.

Speaker A: Correct.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: So we don't have the buy box and I have. What don't we have the buy box on?

Speaker D: We don't have buy box on some of the variety packs. I have the ASINS here, but yeah. Anyway, I guess I don't know the skus. I don't remember the skus, but I,

Speaker A: I know I should have had. I know we have our product numbers and I should have asked Britney to put in the ASINs. Again, I have a different document that might have the asins and I can do the different. But can you just tell me the descriptor of the asin?

Speaker D: Yes, yes. Okay. How about I send you the links right now because I have the movement in the chat.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: It's like the lentil variety pack. The chickpea variety pack, and then. Yeah, the pack of three lentils.

Speaker D: Yeah, three of them.

Speaker C: And then the pack of five.

Speaker D: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: You know them by heart. Okay,

Speaker C: I'll say.

Speaker A: So it's basically all our core variety packs is what you're saying. But not this last one that combines the beans.

Speaker D: I'm not only sure, but yeah, that

Speaker C: one's lost to those three. The wholesome. The wholesome experience, which that one used to kill it. That one lost the buy box, too.

Speaker A: So which one. Which variety pack do have we not lost the buy box to then right now?

Speaker B: Hey, guys, I have a hard, hard quick stop at 11:15 with my lawyer, so this is really, really important to figure out, like, what we're gonna do.

Speaker A: Yeah. So, and I. You know what, Susie? I guess my last question to you is, do you have still hard feelings on. Just go with this 500 feeler on these offers right now? No, but we're gonna talk about the buy box issue and how we diagnose that and solve for that. Because what you're saying. Show home, if there is a buy box issue, then it. We probably want to even lower that, spend a little bit more until we figure that out. So that will naturally happen.

Speaker D: Okay, but don'. Spend.

Speaker B: Don't spend on whatever. If it's not like, I'm more of like, make the tough call. Right. Don't be half pregnant or spread the peanut butter. Like, go big unless we're gonna learn, right? Oh, okay, we're gonna learn. But let's be like, let's be tough with the choices. Another option is maybe you spend a thousand on your snacks to go single and a thousand on your variety pack. The three of them. Right. Like the other. That other one. But whatever it is, it should be like, we think we can win here. We're gonna go big and don't sprinkle on.

Speaker A: And that's why these quantity numbers are really good to see show home. Because I don't know what happened in January with this chickpea pack, but we just went from 41, like, trending 30s, 40s to 128 in January. So again, chickpeas are hot. People want to be healthy. Chickpeas is a hot search word. So. So, yeah, to Susie's point, maybe of that 500, the chickpea gets the majority of that or however. Right.

Speaker D: So, yes, you're right. You're right. It won the buy box. For a while, I think in January. That's why you see that increase.

Speaker A: Okay. Won it back and then lost it.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. Why does that happen? Yeah, I don't.

Speaker A: Because we're saying it's not a second seller. Because it's not saying. Is it? Is it? Are we selling cheaper somewhere else? Is it caught? Like, what is Amazon seeing that's taking away the buy box from us?

Speaker D: Amazon doesn't reveal much information. So all we can do is check on our end if it is listed somewhere else or even if it's not us, if someone else has listed somewhere else as a reseller, that's the check we can do on our end. And I think that's what you should do as a next step and see if we can find something.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Because we are the only seller.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker C: Like it's not like the Amazon.com issue.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. And the interesting thing here is we do. Because it's a variety pack, this actual item and offering is not sold anywhere else.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker A: Like the individual bags retail out there, but the actual variety offering of them bundled together is not. It's only on Amazon.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: Have to look into it a little bit more. Probably that's something that I can do in a week, within a week or next time we meet, we'll have it ready. We'll have something ready because.

Speaker A: Yes, because that makes it like, why would it come back in January? We have. Nothing's changed with retailers or online in January where like it wasn't offered somewhere and now it's offered somewhere. You know what I mean? Like came back in January and then we lost it again because. So the only two reasons you would look, you would lose a buy box show home is if another seller discounts you and sells you cheaper. Which we would see that on the Amazon page or if Amazon sees somewhere in the Google world that it's selling for cheaper.

Speaker D: Yes. Those are the two things that we can understand. But there Amazon will say they have other internal requirements and they won't reveal those things. So, yeah, it gets complicated.

Speaker A: So.

Speaker C: Okay. I actually would love your opinion on this. So we chatted about this before. However, I always think if they're going to find it cheaper regardless of what the flavor is, it's going to be like londondrugs.com right. So can it. I'm gonna search and see what we

Speaker A: are there right now.

Speaker C: Is it possible that it's like, okay, three farmers right now, see, we're on sale for 3.99. So 3.99 times three is cheaper than what we're selling it for. Like, can it. It can see that.

Speaker D: So crazy usually doesn't happen. So it usually matches the upc.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: Right. So that's so weird.

Speaker A: I'm trying to think, does Walmart ca sell this for some reason?

Speaker C: No, it's really only. I feel like I've dug in before and it seems to be only London Drugs. And it's. And we're like always on sale at London Drugs. Like, I don't think I've ever seen it. Not on sale.

Speaker D: Okay. Now, I have seen in some cases when let's say on Costco, a client is sending you back a pack of two, but on Amazon you have pack of one. I have seen that in some cases that they will say, hey, we are like, you are selling it for that price there. I mean, they just. Even in that case, they mentioned a competitive price here. They haven't given us anything. So it looks like it's something else.

Speaker A: So could you put a ticket in to Amazon show home with the case of saying, we don't understand why we're losing this buy box. This item is exclusive to Amazon. It's not sold anywhere else.

Speaker D: Yeah, I mean, I could do that. But you know what? I think I know their response already. I'll try to try.

Speaker A: Yeah, because. And because. Yeah. Or like with that second question, because why did we get it back in January and lost it again in February? Nothing changed. This item has always been exclusive to Amazon. And like, I guess, like, hopefully they can see, like, literally figure it out for us, Amazon, because we can do three times the volume with you. Like, my God.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: That's so annoying.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: Like the buy box, literally, I'm like, so triggered is an overused word. But F, is it annoying?

Speaker A: So show home. So what if we. So in terms of just deploying a plan, because we're. Britney's done that work digging, where the hell could this be selling? Like, well, ca. Like, we'll look, we'll talk again. We'll, you know, Britt's done it. So then the second thing is go to Amazon and use those words like, this is exclusive to the Amazon customer. This is not sold anywhere else. So why is this happening? See if we can get an answer. Third plan C would be do we need to try dropping the price to see if it comes back? Like, drop it a dollar. But I'd rather that be the last place that we go.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker D: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay, so because those are the only three things we can do to get this back, basically, Right.

Speaker D: True. Yes. Okay.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: So yeah, so if you want to go to Amazon, see what response we can get there, if any. If not, when we come back together, maybe next week or whatever, we'll have to just decide. Okay, let's try one. We could just try on the chickpeas. Just drop it $1 and see if that opens things back up for whatever reason. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: What we should thank.

Speaker A: Oh, sorry.

Speaker C: Just as a side note, what we should be the most thankful for is the snacks to a variety pack is on Costco CA.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker C: And it's for $10 cheaper for like the two pack.

Speaker A: I'm like, it's because we sell on Amazon in singles, we sell on Costco CA in doubles. It's a, it's a different pack size, but. Right.

Speaker C: So then that wouldn't make sense. So I'm saying if our London drugs theory is accurate, that's only one.

Speaker A: Right. Like one pack.

Speaker C: So then I'm like, well, if that is the issue, then please don't, for the love of God, Costco see that.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Anyways,

Speaker A: and then so just informing here, show home. So that. And I'll resend this around with my new highlights. But just so you know, and maybe, actually maybe what we'll do, Brittany, is we'll put the ASINS into these again. We'll update it so that we have our SKU and the asin so it's easy for everybody to just look at and know what we're talking. So we'll update this and so and I'll just make like yellow is top sellers. I'll make more comments here. But basically these gray ones, when we're out of inventory, they will not be fulfilled again. Same in the US and so in the US the big hit is going to be on the lentils because that 40 gram lentils does well in the US so. So I'd like us to understand next time when we talk about the forecast of these going away. Yes, snacks to go and Camelino are going to wrap up. But then all of a sudden there's going to be a dip because these are going to go away before we go back again. So I just want to make sure in our numbers and our expectations that we align on when that could start to happen. And then the other thing we'll discuss here is these are likely going to go away. So do not put any dollars there and we'll decide on whether we run these out or whatever. This is part of a bigger discussion of company wide. Are these going away or just on Amazon?

Speaker D: Yeah, right. Okay.

Speaker A: And then so right now, so we're saying after these go away, your focus is on one. You have 1, 2, 3, 4, like 7 ASINs.

Speaker D: Right.

Speaker A: Okay. And then I'll let Annabelle speak to you more about this specifically in terms of the strategy that's been deployed there.

Speaker C: Because

Speaker A: yeah, that item coming back is a really good revenue. Like I think we could see it here. Like it's a. It's a hundred dollar item or whatever it is. Hey, Brittany. So 30 units, even 15 units. It's a good revenue driver.

Speaker D: All right.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: It's been, yeah. An issue for obviously you can see most of 2024.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker C: Discontinue my biggest kind of, I think fear. Now we for sure are done. Done like the barbecue. 40 grams. Right. And as you can see that one, especially in January, 112. Yeah. So that one is a. Is a hit.

Speaker A: Yeah. But again, one month of however many months. Right. So that one will be like, it will be a hit for one month. Because January apparently, I'm told, is an exception in itself.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker A: Now,

Speaker C: Last year was not great because I feel like. And it's always after Black Friday, so we never expect January to be great. But I think the main Canada thing helped. Right. We seem to have like the more, you know, protein, blah, blah, blah. Yeah, yeah, it's good.

Speaker A: And again, I had a different file of like 2024. Like basically I think of removing all of these 40 grams out of Canada, I think annually. It was like $80,000 that we have to make up or something. Right. Which I think we can definitely close that gap and surpass it. So it's just so that we're aware, show home. Because we're going to go like this and then back like this.

Speaker D: Yeah, right. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: The other thing we should just think about too is with the new Snacks to Go variety pack that's coming, Alicia said like April Ish. Right, that's what you said, like mid April. If, if that's going to be a variant under Snacks to go or if that's like its own separate page. And then obviously we'll just lean on you for that.

Speaker A: Do you want to maybe we'll put that on our agenda for our next discussion. Show home. So right now the go away is get that dashboard where it needs to be, start your spend, move your budget on CA and I again in the US yes, that makes sense. Put the dollars where you get that snacks to go doing what it should be doing in the U.S. right.

Speaker D: We don't have any inventory by the way. So we need to send inventory as soon as you can.

Speaker A: Oh, we're low on inventory. Okay.

Speaker D: Zero. So we need to send as soon as we can. So anyway, so inventory.

Speaker A: Can we follow up with Annabelle where we're at on that? Why did it.

Speaker C: Yeah, him and Natasha had just. I want to say two or three weeks ago had finally had like.

Speaker A: No.

Speaker C: Knew that was coming and finalized it. So maybe there's.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I wonder if we have a shipment out. That's kind of my question. Like, is a shipment out? Where are we at? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah, we'll take a look at that.

Speaker D: Show home. Yeah, I think we need to. To have that discussion about inventory management, how much quantity we ship. So I know Anupav already takes care of that, but still we can have a conversation and see if we need to improve something there. There are a few more things to discuss. Would you like to discuss them in this meeting or would you like to compliment?

Speaker A: What. Can you just label them? What are they?

Speaker D: Sure. Well, the parity pack, the snack to go ad budget, that's one thing. Of course, we have been discussing that a little bit. But if you want me to specify an amount, I would say if we need to move the needle, especially because it's in the US we should allocate. Allocate 2000 to 3000 US dollar. That's what I'll feel comfortable.

Speaker A: Okay. No, no, no. You only have like $800 in the US right? You don't have.

Speaker D: We didn't allocate the US very clearly yet.

Speaker A: Yeah. No. So there is a special circumstance in the US Right now around just tariffs and managing our spend in our budget right now going. Two reasons. Just the US Market and strategy overall is under review. And secondly, with the relaunch and rebranding, which is a huge project of ours this year, we need to manage budgets very, very tightly. So last discussion we had, we said in the U.S. you had about $850 there. Right now we can do the 3,000 in Canada, but 850 right now in the U.S. okay. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker D: All right.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's kind of. We're kind of in a hold position there. Show home. So. But again, and because lots of the items going away in the US like these lentils and stuff, I'll send these grids so you can see it. So again in the US Unless we can see that even with these dollars, we can start seeing that snacks to go open up, I likely won't be able to grab more dollars to throw there. And Then secondly, depending on the tariff we're gonna have to do a price increase and who knows how that's going to impact how that's going to impact sales. Right.

Speaker D: So the pricing, it's very. I mean something that I noticed is in the US we have listed it for 30.2 9.99 US and in Canada we are also selling for the same. So you definitely have a price advantage there. And I think we need to review, we need to see how competitors are priced so that we can also compete competitively price ourselves. And another thing about tariffs, last time you asked me what kind of discussions I had with my clients. Well when. Well I think it has been delayed by one month. One month. Important thing is when the tariffs are introduced I think the Canadian dollar will also be devalued. Right. So that will also.

Speaker A: Yeah. So we have. And that is in our pricing strategies. Yes. We have upstate up upside with the exchange as long as we built in the appropriate exchange. Right. As a company. And then we need to also re review because we have other US channels that are going to tighten up that we're having to eat a lot. I don't know if Amazon is going to be a place that we're going to say we're okay to eat more over here. Right. Like is it like what, what are the fees looking like it is more expensive to do business down there. Like all that kind of stuff will play into it. But yes I hear you and that has been because we have ingredient, like bulk ingredient customers customers down there and like our US customers and saying how are we going to manage this? Do we need to price increase? How much can we absorb due to the upside of the exchange? And so that's where. And at the end of the day we'll know more on March 3rd. Is it 25%? Is it 10? Is it 50? Like what is it? Like just say what it is.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Well then we really know what we can do, right?

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Is it 0%? So terrify. Yeah. So but for now let's just that 850 is max because the US just overall strategy we just need to hold until we know the information and then we can do more.

Speaker D: Yeah. Okay, sounds all right. The second thing that on that is on my list is AB testing for the main image. Again we're talking about snack to parity back in Canada. I know we have been trying to design the main image which is not on point yet but I was thinking of like would you be. Here's my thought. First of all we can set up AB testing with a new label design where we'll have that word on the packaging. Where that's just going to be.

Speaker A: No, we can't do that.

Speaker D: We can't do that.

Speaker A: Yeah, operationally that's hugely complex because now I'm having to like make a whole new again and because you know what, show home. Because we're rebranding, so this is really important. Like we're completely rebranding and going to be changing all of our packaging this year. So. Yeah, because that basically is saying I need, I need to do a whole strategy of rebranding a package, one unit. Right. So that's not ideal. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: All right. And the third thing was tacos and ecos. I last. In the last meeting, I think 1. I think Britain shared one comparison between different media spend and how the returns look like. So Meta Google and Instacart Amazon. And we were comparing ACOs or ROAS AD ROAS. And I just think if we take Adroas as the KPI and compare it with other immediate spends, that is going to be misleading because on Amazon we are not advertising just to get some advertising sales. We are advertising to impact our organic ranking. So let's say right now we are generating 50% of our revenue organically and 50% from ADS. Maybe down the line, after one year or one and a half year, we would aim to generate 60% or 70% of our revenue organically and 30% from ADS. So what I'm talking about is we need to compare the ad spend with the total revenue generated. That probably should be the ideal KPI to compare with other channels.

Speaker A: Okay, yes, that makes sense to me because yeah, roas can turn into where you're basically just buying an existing audience versus growing your organic audience is what you're saying. And so you're saying if tacos is what we're measuring, which is the total ad cost, so if it's 2% or, sorry, say it starts at 20%, your tacos is 20%. You want to see that number go down, right?

Speaker D: Well, depending on your revenues go up depending on your objective. So if you, let's say, want to be more profitable on Amazon channel versus let's say you want to grow more, then probably makes sense to stay at 20% for a very long time. But let's say now you're like, okay, now enough, we have grown enough, I want to maximize my profit on the channel, then we have to aim to get the done whatever it is, that's an absolute KPI. It's not Infinity Matrix. So it's always better to keep track of KPI API compared to address.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. And I'm still. I need to learn a little bit about that too, because you're saying. Because Tacos is comparing organic versus paid and depending on our strategy. Okay, sorry, is that not what it's doing? Oh, total versus a paid. Total versus paid.

Speaker C: Okay, so.

Speaker A: Okay, so. But it. So that doesn't define what's bought organically versus what was paid for.

Speaker D: It just adds everything up. Right. The paid and organic. You are calculating the spend versus the total. So it's considering both.

Speaker A: Yes, yes. So, but it's telling me how many people bought organically and how many people saw my ads and bought the matrix.

Speaker D: No, it just compares. Simply compares ad spend with your revenue. Total revenue. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. So it's not giving me that granular of the detail. Okay, what's telling me that. What's telling me how many came in organically and how many came in through an ad.

Speaker D: Well, then you can take a look at the total revenue and also how much is being generated from the ad console. Right. The revenue from ad console. And then just if you want to know the organic revenue, then it's total revenue minus whatever. Whatever has been generated from ads. Right, right.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker D: And again, you know what? This is Last touch attribution that you get to see on Amazon. It doesn't. So by that, I mean. I mean. I mean, okay, if after clicking on our. If someone buys the product within seven days for sponsored product ads, I don't want to make it too complicated. There is a window. So let's say someone clicks today, and if that person purchases our product within seven days, then that will get attributed. But what if that person buys after that, or let's say our product a long time ago from. From an ad, and then he came back one month after. Just because he saw it one month ago, he bought our products. He doesn't give us all those insights.

Speaker A: Okay, okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Get my. Wrap my head around that more because I'm not the expert, so I just have to make it very simple to understand what I'm.

Speaker C: How I'm.

Speaker A: Yeah, okay. Okay. Okay. Was there anything else you wanted to touch? Oh, go ahead, Brittany.

Speaker C: I was just gonna say I'll have to find a YouTube video for us to break it down. Yeah, yeah, no, that's everything. I just chatted to New Bob. He did mention because him and Natasha are reviewing that together. Right. Those shipments. So. So they did ship one. And I want to say like, two or three weeks ago.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Let's see where it's at. Okay. So inventory is on its way. Show home. We'll find out where it's at. Okay.

Speaker D: All right.

Speaker A: Okay, great. So I guess. And then the last thing I wanted was just a more permanent cadence. So why don't we put another one in for next week, and then I'll put on the agenda there. Because basically, does this time work again for you? Show home. Next week.

Speaker D: Thursday. Right?

Speaker A: What's happening next week?

Speaker D: Thursday.

Speaker A: Thursday, yeah. Thursday night. Thursday. 9:30 CST.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: What time is it there? It's like 10:00pm yes.

Speaker A: Wild.

Speaker C: Wild.

Speaker A: The opposite side of the world.

Speaker C: Now, I'm curious how close the new Bob is to you. I'm sure. Obviously, I know India is, like, huge,

Speaker A: but scroll your neighbor. Yeah, right.

Speaker C: Yeah, I'm sure he's right next door. I hate people.

Speaker A: They think Canada.

Speaker C: Oh, do you know so and so? It's like, no, I literally,

Speaker A: we are more populated than that, but not as populated as India. Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. Well, great. Thanks for that. So everybody kind of has their marching orders. Show home your. Your ad optimizing, you know, where to put the budgets to drive and clean up that dashboard. Brittany's working on the final touches of the images. And then I will circulate out just that highlighted the ASINs, phasing out which ones the question marks and the fixes. Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay, awesome.

Speaker A: Great. Thank you so much. Thank you so much.

Speaker C: Have a good day. Bye. Bye.

