Transcript for: Recording__999.mp4
Title: Recording #999
============================================================

Almost time to pack my things and get ready. Yeah, I'm sure you're gonna miss the winter. Oh, my God. I'm trying to escape it. I've heard it's crazy over there. My mom, Michigan, she's like, yeah, we're having a heat wave. It's gonna be like. It's gonna be literally freezing. So like, probably 1 degree Celsius if I had to get. She's gonna be like, yeah, that's our heat wave. Yeah, well, we had. Last weekend was really bad. It was. The feels like was 26 in that regard. 26, not too much for you? It's. I had to map it real quick. Oh, okay. Yeah. For Fahrenheit. Yeah. I mean, that's pretty crisp. And I don't know, working with the cats here, I always get worried when I hear about cold places. I'm like, what about the animals? Yeah. Like in Florida right now, all my students are complaining about how cold it is. I'm like, how are your alligators, though? Are they okay? Is it. Is it really cold there in Florida? It's not. No, actually, it kind of is. I just had a student tell me that it was like, negative one Celsius, which for Florida is bad. Okay, well, I'd really enjoy minus one on a few days. On some days it's okay. Yeah, well, you know what? They've probably never seen snow before. You can't blame them. Yeah, today probably your cats are probably fulfilling some surveillance duty job. Are doing what? They're probably surveilling the entire room or for security or something. No, they're actually. Well, Ezra's up there just watching the ceiling. Yeah, exactly. For like half an hour, looping up the ceiling for no reason. In behind you. My usual friends are sleeping right now. Okay. No security for me. I guess we'll see. Yeah. But did you get a chance to look at placements? Yes, I watched that entire video, 12 minute long video. It was really good. Yeah. Did you get a chance to do the practices? Well, I tried. I mean, I tried doing it with the video. I'm not as good as her. She's. I'm not as good as her either. So. Yeah, I tried to do what she suggested, and probably I understand a little bit of what she means. Yeah, that's how it. Can you tell me what she means? Okay, so she means that American way of pronouncing things. It's lower placement. So somewhere down the throat or upper chest. Yeah, yeah, as low as you can get it, really. So, yeah, so she Suggested she had some suggestions on how we can do that as non native speakers. Yeah. First one was to take a deep breath. Breath, yeah, exactly. And then I think it was rolling the shoulders in small circles. I don't know why she did. So if you've ever done, you know, meditation or, I don't know, massages or whatever, if you roll your shoulders, it actually relaxes the muscles. So the big point of this is that if you are frontal or mid speaker, like here or here, you're actually very tense when you speak. That's one reason schwa can be difficult. That's one reason, you know, it can be difficult to drop certain sounds or, you know, you have a lot of tension, stress, vibration. It's all directed to the mouth. That's the pinpoint. So when you do this and it helps release the tension here and here, it naturally will redirect itself. The tension has to go somewhere. Usually it will naturally redirect itself to the chest. Yeah, I forgot the other steps, but I think it was just pronouncing something, saying ah, Something like this. Yes. So trying any pal you want and trying it in different sections. So actually let's try that together. So you brought it up. We were gonna do it anyway, but no. Which vowel did you choose? Ah. Like let's choose that schwa sound. Yeah. All right, so schwa. Let's go ahead and start with first things first. Try it nasally. So. Yeah, so when you make the sound. Ah, ah, where's your tongue? It's still flat. Yeah, it's so flat. So the tongue is in the same place as if you said it like this. Versus so it's just transferring where the air is going where the tension is. You can have the same exact position that we've talked about with all our sounds. A bit of a difference though between the two. What do you say? Yes, of course. I mean, the nasal one is of course too nasal. Nasal. Nasal. Okay. Yeah. How could you. So the nasally one is different. It's French. Yeah. Okay, so there's of course going to be all these tiny little differences when you speak as well. So if we start out with the nasal one, put your hand here. By the way, can you feel anything? Vibration. Yeah. So you can feel the vibration in the nose? Yes, yes, perfect. Go ahead and put your hand on your chest and on your nose. This looks like a weird ass pledge, but okay, try it again. So you can feel the vibration in your nose? Yes. What about your chest? I can feel it there too. Actually. Try less nasally. Lower it as much as. Yeah, there is no vibration here and then vibration here. Yeah. So there should be none in the nose and four in the chest. Perfect. You know that you're directing it to the chest. When you literally feel it in the chest, so you're gonna feel more vibration. So as you direct it further downwards, you're going to literally be able to feel it down at the chest. So when you relax up here as much as you can, it's naturally going to head towards the chest. So let's try. It's in the chest. Mouth. Roll your shoulders. Take a breath. And up here, instead of asking yourself, do I feel tension in the mouth? Ask yourself, do I feel tension? Break it down even further. So this is a meditation technique that I've gone over. Ask yourself, okay, is there tension? Not in my mouth. Yes or no. But where is the tension? Is the tension in the lips, jaw, tongue? Where do you feel the tension? Like, what do you have to pronounce? Ah. Like Ah. Just. Yes. Wow, that's really deep. That's part of it, too. She did mention sometimes. So when you usually make your sound. So going back to usually with the, uh. Yes. Putting your hand here, we're saying the Pledge of Allegiance. The whole class today. So on your chest. Keeping your hand on your chest. Not doing it like Elon Musk. But that was a Roman salute. Actually. Actually, you better get used to the Pledge of Allegiance, because Trump did say that Canada is going to be the 51st state. So you'll join us soon? Yeah, yeah, soon. I don't know if it will be Greenland or Panama comes first, but Canada eventually. Oh, my God. Honestly, he's not looking like a madman. Okay. That's another topic. But I. I will. I'm the one who has to go back to that. Okay. Hand on the chest. Yes. No Roman salutes. Say the schwa sound as you usually would. Like, this is what I'll do. Yeah. So it's sounding like it's a little bit more in the mouth. I can't really tell if it's front or back. It's mouth. Sorry. Yeah. Front or back of the mouth? So those do have their slight differences, I think. I think it's a little bit from the back of the mouth. And I cannot say that it's totally from the back because, you know, the tongue is in a normal position. I'm saying this because in the video when he was showing that it can be from the frontal, then the tongue is also kind of stretched towards the front. Right. And then when you are Doing it from the back, it's probably a little bit squeezed towards the back. Right. So it should be relatively the same position. It's just a matter of where the tension is. So you can have your arm here completely. Well, it's lifted, so it's not completely relaxed, but more or less relaxed. Right. And you can have your arm here, same exact position, and then tense it up like you're flexing. So it's a matter of tensioning, tense, tension. So in this case, there shouldn't really be any movement because it's schwab, but it can be in the same relative position. It might be a little more frontal or a little bit more in the back, but if it's tensed up, it's going to vibrate differently, huh? Yeah. But I have no way of feeling like what if it is? Like, how do I feel the difference in vibration when it's frontal versus coming from the back? So the main thing you're going to be feeling for is one, it should vibrate in the chest quite a bit. It's always going to vibrate in the chest because the chest always has air. Hopefully you're breathing through your lungs. So it's always going to have a little bit of something in the chest, but it will have more and you will feel completely relaxed. Well, as relaxed as you can in the mouth, very low tension in the mouth, especially the jaw. And if you're a frontal speaker, usually you're going to be feeling tension in the front or the lips. I'm not sure if you saw when she was doing this exercise, but her lips changed shape as well. Yes, yes, I saw that. So her lips changed shape. The tongue was probably in the same general area. So what might also be helpful is to do a mirror practice. Okay. Any guesses what you're going to be looking for in the mirror practice for now? Like I can probably not right now now, but when you do the mirror practices homework, any guess what you're going to be looking for? What was the question again? Sorry. So I'm going to ask you do a mirror practice. Okay. So that's where you either record yourself or you look at yourself in the mirror and you do the prep steps that she did. So what were the four areas? Oh, yeah, yeah. Nasal and then frontal and I don't know exact term that she used, but from the back of the mouth and throat or chest. Yes. So try the four. We already did nasal and chest together. Try the four with the vowel that she was using. Look in the mirror, see if you can See the same differences. So there's tons of ways that you can tell. One, you can feel that you're more relaxed in the jaw when you direct it to the chest. Two, you can feel it more vibrating in the chest. You know, you might feel the air flowing a little bit differently. Doing your shoulder, relaxing, all that. So mirror, practice. You can physically see. You can feel the relaxation here and in the chest. And then the last thing would be if you are able to hear it. Now, this can take kind of sharper ears, a little bit of practice. It took me a minute to be able to listen for this, but you should be able to hear the difference. So could you hear the difference, which she pronounced all for? Yes. Perfect. So mirror, practice, and record yourself and listen to the difference within yourself. Yeah. Everybody at home. Like, I'll be at home, right? So probably they will think I'm crazy now. Sorry. I'll be home very soon. And then if I practice it there, they will think I'm crazy. You could practice this, like, on a public bus or something if you want to get, like, really fun. I'm sure they'd love it. Yeah. All right. Any questions on that? We're gonna keep looking a little bit, but that's the blood practice I want you to start with. No. No question on this. I don't know what happened to my voice today, but anyway, probably all these different placements are messing up with my voice. I have had different students say if they're naturally a frontal speaker, the sounds in American English can be quite difficult to keep up with. So I have one student. She says if she's talking for a long time, her mouth gets tired, and then her accent comes out more because she's naturally a frontal speaker. So it takes a lot of tenseness to be a frontal speaker. You get tired easier if you make sounds that you're not used to. So again, the sounds are going to be used a little bit differently depending on what language. If the language happens to be a frontal language, chances are the sounds require that type of movement and control. So you won't get as tired. But then when you're trying to kind of do more micromanagey, frontal is very micromanagey and tenseness. With, like, an American R, for example, or a th, it can be a little more difficult there. And I really think that this directing to the chest and relaxing more in the mouth, having more fluid movements is going to help with certain sounds, like schwa, like th, because your tongue won't be kind of as crooked and tense. It will go through the same movements, but a little different. Yeah. That being said, I want to real quick send you another video. This one for me is a little. It's a little odd, but a lot of people say they like it, so may as well give it a shot. Let me know what you think. For now, though, do you have any questions? Well, first of all, what kind of speaker do you think I am? I mean, I. Am I a frontal speaker? Do I speak from the back of the mouth? Frontal, I would say when we started that out, for sure it was more frontal. Now it kind of alternates a little bit, mostly frontal. A little in the back. So I think it's moving a little bit more to the back now because naturally you're kind of picking up on native speakers or in the chest. Yeah. So your brain is kind of trying to compensate, but it doesn't exactly know how. So it's trying to switch up the stress in the mouth when really it shouldn't be directed in the mouth at all, if that makes sense. Yeah, that makes sense. All right, so completely relaxed. Let's go ahead and do a reading where we're going to try to direct it to the chest the whole time. Okay, let's do that reading again. Oh, my God. President Trump promises golden age of America. I deliberately have been avoiding this one all day with my other students, but let's rip off the band aid. Yeah, let's do that. Okay. All right. You're recording yourself, so no need to tell you to do that. Read the first one as you normally would. Yeah, I don't know what happened to me today. Anyway. President Donald Trump has promised a golden age for America. He made his promise in his inauguration speech. He was sworn in as president of the 20th. As president on the 20th of January, he became the USA's 47th president. He was also the 45th as he served in that role from 2017. I don't know what's going on. 2017 to 2021. Yeah. Okay. He made his acceptance speech at the United States Capitol, Washington, D.C. he promised to reshape America, stating, the golden age of America begins right now. From this day forward, our country will flourish and be respected. Rejected again, again all over the world, we will be the envy of every nation. He added. He added that during every single day of the Trump administration, I will simply put America first. All right, let's pause there. Chris was done. Okay. Try not to try at this point, but for the next one, I want you to try to redirect. So shoulder rolls, take A deep breath. Deep breath, yes. And most importantly, even right now, even with your mouth completely closed, I bet you have a little bit of tension in your mouth. So feel different areas. Don't say, oh, is there tension in my mouth? Yes or no? I think so. Too broad, yes or no? Okay, so where is it so jaw, tongue back? I think definitely jaw. Is some tension there. I don't, I don't know how I can feel if I have tension in my lips or tongue, but I feel like jaw. Definitely some. Okay, where is your tongue usually while your mouth is closed? I didn't observe. I think that it's. I don't know. Close your mouth again. Tell me. Okay, so I see that the front of the tongue is touching the upper teeth and on the roof. Yes, yes. And also the middle of it is touching the upper one, upper belly. Okay, so the whole tongue, basically most of the tongue is on the roof and it's very forward. Yes. So it sounds like it's resting. Frontal position. It's pushed forward. Mine is also on the roof, but it's actually behind the alveolar, which. Oh, really? Okay, well, it's like a little bit on the outer. Now you don't have to change how your tongue rests. Okay. That's not part of it, but it can be a good indication where your tongue naturally goes, where the tension naturally rests in the mouth. So take a second, do that deep breath. You did your shoulder rolls already. Try to redirect it to chest. Speak with as little tension as you can and try to read the next paragraph. Okay. President Trump said he was on a God given mission. He spoke about surviving an assassination attempt in July. He said, my life was saved by a God to make America great again. He made some huge promises. One of the biggest one was to launch American astronauts to plant the stars and stripes on the planet Mars. The flag, I never heard these anyway. Stars and stripes. It's our flag. Oh, okay, okay, okay, I see. Ah, that's his language. Okay. It's basically the same thing as a bald eagle. Okay. You mean the flag. Yeah. It represents the U.S. yes. Yeah. He vowed to strengthen the U.S. economy and cut inflation. He also said he would tap into America's fossil fuel resources. He said will drill. I cannot relate to his language. You picked, you read what you picked. Read that quote from the chest. Okay. We'll drill, baby, drill. He added, america will be a manufacturing nation once again. Will we have something that no other manufacturing nation will ever have? The largest amount of oil and gas of any country on Earth. And we're going to use it. More pipeline. Okay. After you laughed, you definitely reset. So when you are re listening to this, I want you to listen for the first part. It was definitely good as you were going. I feel like it started to come back up, especially after you started laughing. My president, leader of my nation, how could you definitely reset? You can definitely hear the same sounds, but it's actually a good example. It's good that you laughed because you could hear before and after the tension reset, you'll be able to hear the tension more. So that's actually going to be a good listening exercise. I did a good job then. Yeah. So laugh a trump more. That's part of your English exercise practice. Listen for that, do more practices and watch the new video. We're gonna probably, definitely stay on this for a little bit. We're gonna probably go in and out of it, but maybe next class. When exactly did you say you're going? You know what? Next. Let's pause the next one because I think I'll be traveling. Yeah, it's a little bit uncertain at this point, but yeah, I think I'll be traveling. And then we'll do again on January. Sorry, February 8th. Okay. Are you still able to skip the first or has it been paid? I honestly, I think it's paid. Yeah. All right, I can skip it for you then. All right, all right, all right. Do you want to skip it? Skip it or do you want to move it to a Skip it. Double it. Okay. Okay, I'll skip it. Skip it for you. Okay. Let me know if you have any questions on that. If not, I'll see you next week. Yeah, potentially. Let me know all the fun stuff with that, and I will try not to be eaten by these cats. Yeah. All right. Have a good day. Yeah, you too. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Almost time to pack my things and get ready.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm sure you're gonna miss the winter.

Speaker A: Oh, my God. I'm trying to escape it.

Speaker B: I've heard it's crazy over there. My mom, Michigan, she's like, yeah, we're having a heat wave. It's gonna be like. It's gonna be literally freezing. So like, probably 1 degree Celsius if I had to get. She's gonna be like, yeah, that's our heat wave.

Speaker A: Yeah, well, we had. Last weekend was really bad. It was. The feels like was 26 in that regard. 26, not too much for you?

Speaker B: It's. I had to map it real quick. Oh, okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. For Fahrenheit.

Speaker B: Yeah. I mean, that's pretty crisp. And I don't know, working with the cats here, I always get worried when I hear about cold places. I'm like, what about the animals?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Like in Florida right now, all my students are complaining about how cold it is. I'm like, how are your alligators, though? Are they okay?

Speaker A: Is it. Is it really cold there in Florida? It's not.

Speaker B: No, actually, it kind of is. I just had a student tell me that it was like, negative one Celsius, which for Florida is bad.

Speaker A: Okay, well, I'd really enjoy minus one on a few days. On some days it's okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, well, you know what? They've probably never seen snow before. You can't blame them.

Speaker A: Yeah, today probably your cats are probably fulfilling some surveillance duty job.

Speaker B: Are doing what?

Speaker A: They're probably surveilling the entire room or for security or something.

Speaker B: No, they're actually. Well, Ezra's up there just watching the ceiling.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly.

Speaker B: For like half an hour, looping up the ceiling for no reason.

Speaker A: In behind you.

Speaker B: My usual friends are sleeping right now.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: No security for me. I guess we'll see. Yeah. But did you get a chance to look at placements?

Speaker A: Yes, I watched that entire video, 12 minute long video. It was really good. Yeah.

Speaker B: Did you get a chance to do the practices?

Speaker A: Well, I tried. I mean, I tried doing it with the video. I'm not as good as her. She's.

Speaker B: I'm not as good as her either.

Speaker A: So. Yeah, I tried to do what she suggested, and probably I understand a little bit of what she means. Yeah, that's how it.

Speaker B: Can you tell me what she means?

Speaker A: Okay, so she means that American way of pronouncing things. It's lower placement. So somewhere down the throat or upper chest.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, as low as you can get it, really.

Speaker A: So, yeah, so she Suggested she had some suggestions on how we can do that as non native speakers. Yeah. First one was to take a deep breath. Breath, yeah, exactly. And then I think it was rolling the shoulders in small circles. I don't know why she did.

Speaker B: So if you've ever done, you know, meditation or, I don't know, massages or whatever, if you roll your shoulders, it actually relaxes the muscles. So the big point of this is that if you are frontal or mid speaker, like here or here, you're actually very tense when you speak. That's one reason schwa can be difficult. That's one reason, you know, it can be difficult to drop certain sounds or, you know, you have a lot of tension, stress, vibration. It's all directed to the mouth. That's the pinpoint. So when you do this and it helps release the tension here and here, it naturally will redirect itself. The tension has to go somewhere. Usually it will naturally redirect itself to the chest.

Speaker A: Yeah, I forgot the other steps, but I think it was just pronouncing something, saying ah, Something like this.

Speaker B: Yes. So trying any pal you want and trying it in different sections. So actually let's try that together. So you brought it up. We were gonna do it anyway, but no. Which vowel did you choose?

Speaker A: Ah. Like let's choose that schwa sound. Yeah.

Speaker B: All right, so schwa. Let's go ahead and start with first things first. Try it nasally. So. Yeah, so when you make the sound. Ah, ah, where's your tongue?

Speaker A: It's still flat.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's so flat. So the tongue is in the same place as if you said it like this. Versus so it's just transferring where the air is going where the tension is. You can have the same exact position that we've talked about with all our sounds. A bit of a difference though between the two. What do you say?

Speaker A: Yes, of course. I mean, the nasal one is of course too nasal.

Speaker B: Nasal.

Speaker A: Nasal. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. How could you. So the nasally one is different. It's French.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay,

Speaker B: so there's of course going to be all these tiny little differences when you speak as well. So if we start out with the nasal one, put your hand here. By the way, can you feel anything?

Speaker A: Vibration. Yeah.

Speaker B: So you can feel the vibration in the nose?

Speaker A: Yes, yes, perfect.

Speaker B: Go ahead and put your hand on your chest and on your nose. This looks like a weird ass pledge, but okay, try it again. So you can feel the vibration in your nose?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: What about your chest?

Speaker A: I can feel it there too. Actually.

Speaker B: Try less nasally.

Speaker A: Lower it as much as. Yeah, there is no vibration here and then vibration here.

Speaker B: Yeah. So there should be none in the nose and four in the chest. Perfect. You know that you're directing it to the chest. When you literally feel it in the chest, so you're gonna feel more vibration. So as you direct it further downwards, you're going to literally be able to feel it down at the chest. So when you relax up here as much as you can, it's naturally going to head towards the chest. So let's try. It's in the chest. Mouth. Roll your shoulders. Take a breath. And up here, instead of asking yourself, do I feel tension in the mouth? Ask yourself, do I feel tension? Break it down even further. So this is a meditation technique that I've gone over. Ask yourself, okay, is there tension? Not in my mouth. Yes or no. But where is the tension? Is the tension in the lips, jaw, tongue? Where do you feel the tension?

Speaker A: Like, what do you have to pronounce? Ah. Like Ah.

Speaker B: Just. Yes.

Speaker A: Wow, that's really deep.

Speaker B: That's part of it, too. She did mention sometimes. So when you usually make your sound. So going back to usually with the, uh.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Putting your hand here, we're saying the Pledge of Allegiance. The whole class today. So on your chest. Keeping your hand on your chest.

Speaker A: Not doing it like Elon Musk.

Speaker B: But that was a Roman salute. Actually. Actually, you better get used to the Pledge of Allegiance, because Trump did say that Canada is going to be the 51st state. So you'll join us soon?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, soon.

Speaker B: I don't know if it will be Greenland or Panama comes first, but Canada eventually.

Speaker A: Oh, my God. Honestly, he's not looking like a madman. Okay. That's another topic.

Speaker B: But I. I will. I'm the one who has to go back to that. Okay. Hand on the chest.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: No Roman salutes. Say the schwa sound as you usually would.

Speaker A: Like, this is what I'll do. Yeah.

Speaker B: So it's sounding like it's a little bit more in the mouth. I can't really tell if it's front or back.

Speaker A: It's mouth. Sorry. Yeah.

Speaker B: Front or back of the mouth? So those do have their slight differences, I think.

Speaker A: I think it's a little bit from the back of the mouth. And I cannot say that it's totally from the back because, you know, the tongue is in a normal position. I'm saying this because in the video when he was showing that it can be from the frontal, then the tongue is also kind of stretched towards the front. Right. And then when you are Doing it from the back, it's probably a little bit squeezed towards the back. Right.

Speaker B: So it should be relatively the same position. It's just a matter of where the tension is. So you can have your arm here completely. Well, it's lifted, so it's not completely relaxed, but more or less relaxed. Right. And you can have your arm here, same exact position, and then tense it up like you're flexing. So it's a matter of tensioning, tense, tension. So in this case, there shouldn't really be any movement because it's schwab, but it can be in the same relative position. It might be a little more frontal or a little bit more in the back, but if it's tensed up, it's going to vibrate differently, huh?

Speaker A: Yeah. But I have no way of feeling like what if it is? Like, how do I feel the difference in vibration when it's frontal versus coming from the back?

Speaker B: So the main thing you're going to be feeling for is one, it should vibrate in the chest quite a bit. It's always going to vibrate in the chest because the chest always has air. Hopefully you're breathing through your lungs. So it's always going to have a little bit of something in the chest, but it will have more and you will feel completely relaxed. Well, as relaxed as you can in the mouth, very low tension in the mouth, especially the jaw. And if you're a frontal speaker, usually you're going to be feeling tension in the front or the lips. I'm not sure if you saw when she was doing this exercise, but her lips changed shape as well.

Speaker A: Yes, yes, I saw that.

Speaker B: So her lips changed shape. The tongue was probably in the same general area. So what might also be helpful is to do a mirror practice.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Any guesses what you're going to be looking for in the mirror practice for now? Like I can probably not right now now, but when you do the mirror practices homework, any guess what you're going to be looking for?

Speaker A: What was the question again? Sorry.

Speaker B: So I'm going to ask you do a mirror practice.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So that's where you either record yourself or you look at yourself in the mirror and you do the prep steps that she did. So what were the four areas?

Speaker A: Oh, yeah, yeah. Nasal and then frontal and I don't know exact term that she used, but from the back of the mouth and throat or chest.

Speaker B: Yes. So try the four. We already did nasal and chest together. Try the four with the vowel that she was using. Look in the mirror, see if you can See the same differences. So there's tons of ways that you can tell. One, you can feel that you're more relaxed in the jaw when you direct it to the chest. Two, you can feel it more vibrating in the chest. You know, you might feel the air flowing a little bit differently. Doing your shoulder, relaxing, all that. So mirror, practice. You can physically see. You can feel the relaxation here and in the chest. And then the last thing would be if you are able to hear it. Now, this can take kind of sharper ears, a little bit of practice. It took me a minute to be able to listen for this, but you should be able to hear the difference. So could you hear the difference, which she pronounced all for?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Perfect. So mirror, practice, and record yourself and listen to the difference within yourself.

Speaker A: Yeah. Everybody at home. Like, I'll be at home, right? So probably they will think I'm crazy now.

Speaker B: Sorry.

Speaker A: I'll be home very soon. And then if I practice it there, they will think I'm crazy.

Speaker B: You could practice this, like, on a public bus or something if you want to get, like, really fun. I'm sure they'd love it.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: All right. Any questions on that? We're gonna keep looking a little bit, but that's the blood practice I want you to start with. No.

Speaker A: No question on this. I don't know what happened to my voice today, but anyway, probably all these different placements are messing up with my voice.

Speaker B: I have had different students say if they're naturally a frontal speaker, the sounds in American English can be quite difficult to keep up with. So I have one student. She says if she's talking for a long time, her mouth gets tired, and then her accent comes out more because she's naturally a frontal speaker. So it takes a lot of tenseness to be a frontal speaker. You get tired easier if you make sounds that you're not used to. So again, the sounds are going to be used a little bit differently depending on what language. If the language happens to be a frontal language, chances are the sounds require that type of movement and control. So you won't get as tired. But then when you're trying to kind of do more micromanagey, frontal is very micromanagey and tenseness. With, like, an American R, for example, or a th, it can be a little more difficult there. And I really think that this directing to the chest and relaxing more in the mouth, having more fluid movements is going to help with certain sounds, like schwa, like th, because your tongue won't be kind of as crooked and tense. It will go through the same movements, but a little different.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: That being said, I want to real quick send you another video. This one for me is a little. It's a little odd, but a lot of people say they like it, so may as well give it a shot. Let me know what you think. For now, though, do you have any questions?

Speaker A: Well, first of all, what kind of speaker do you think I am? I mean, I. Am I a frontal speaker? Do I speak from the back of the mouth?

Speaker B: Frontal, I would say when we started that out, for sure it was more frontal. Now it kind of alternates a little bit, mostly frontal. A little in the back. So I think it's moving a little bit more to the back now because naturally you're kind of picking up on native speakers or in the chest.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So your brain is kind of trying to compensate, but it doesn't exactly know how. So it's trying to switch up the stress in the mouth when really it shouldn't be directed in the mouth at all, if that makes sense.

Speaker A: Yeah, that makes sense.

Speaker B: All right, so completely relaxed. Let's go ahead and do a reading where we're going to try to direct it to the chest the whole time.

Speaker A: Okay, let's do that reading again. Oh, my God. President Trump promises golden age of America.

Speaker B: I deliberately have been avoiding this one all day with my other students, but let's rip off the band aid.

Speaker A: Yeah, let's do that. Okay.

Speaker B: All right. You're recording yourself, so no need to tell you to do that. Read the first one as you normally would.

Speaker A: Yeah, I don't know what happened to me today. Anyway. President Donald Trump has promised a golden age for America. He made his promise in his inauguration speech. He was sworn in as president of the 20th. As president on the 20th of January, he became the USA's 47th president. He was also the 45th as he served in that role from 2017. I don't know what's going on. 2017 to 2021. Yeah. Okay. He made his acceptance speech at the United States Capitol, Washington, D.C. he promised to reshape America, stating, the golden age of America begins right now. From this day forward, our country will flourish and be respected. Rejected again, again all over the world, we will be the envy of every nation. He added. He added that during every single day of the Trump administration, I will simply put America first.

Speaker B: All right, let's pause there. Chris was done.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Try not to try at this point, but for the next one, I want you to try to redirect. So shoulder rolls,

Speaker A: take A deep breath.

Speaker B: Deep breath, yes. And most importantly, even right now, even with your mouth completely closed, I bet you have a little bit of tension in your mouth. So feel different areas. Don't say, oh, is there tension in my mouth? Yes or no?

Speaker A: I think so.

Speaker B: Too broad, yes or no? Okay, so where is it so jaw, tongue back?

Speaker A: I think definitely jaw. Is some tension there. I don't, I don't know how I can feel if I have tension in my lips or tongue, but I feel like jaw. Definitely some.

Speaker B: Okay, where is your tongue usually while your mouth is closed?

Speaker A: I didn't observe. I think that it's. I don't know.

Speaker B: Close your mouth again. Tell me.

Speaker A: Okay, so I see that the front of the tongue is touching the upper teeth

Speaker B: and on the roof.

Speaker A: Yes, yes. And also the middle of it is touching the upper one, upper belly.

Speaker B: Okay, so the whole tongue, basically most of the tongue is on the roof and it's very forward. Yes. So it sounds like it's resting. Frontal position. It's pushed forward. Mine is also on the roof, but it's actually behind the alveolar, which.

Speaker A: Oh, really?

Speaker B: Okay, well, it's like a little bit on the outer. Now you don't have to change how your tongue rests.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: That's not part of it, but it can be a good indication where your tongue naturally goes, where the tension naturally rests in the mouth. So take a second, do that deep breath. You did your shoulder rolls already. Try to redirect it to chest. Speak with as little tension as you can and try to read the next paragraph.

Speaker A: Okay. President Trump said he was on a God given mission. He spoke about surviving an assassination attempt in July. He said, my life was saved by a God to make America great again. He made some huge promises. One of the biggest one was to launch American astronauts to plant the stars and stripes on the planet Mars. The flag, I never heard these anyway.

Speaker B: Stars and stripes. It's our flag.

Speaker A: Oh, okay, okay, okay, I see. Ah, that's his language. Okay.

Speaker B: It's basically the same thing as a bald eagle.

Speaker A: Okay. You mean the flag.

Speaker B: Yeah. It represents the U.S. yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. He vowed to strengthen the U.S. economy and cut inflation. He also said he would tap into America's fossil fuel resources. He said will drill. I cannot relate to his language.

Speaker B: You picked, you read what you picked. Read that quote from the chest.

Speaker A: Okay. We'll drill, baby, drill. He added, america will be a manufacturing nation once again. Will we have something that no other manufacturing nation will ever have? The largest amount of oil and gas of any country on Earth. And we're going to use it.

Speaker B: More pipeline. Okay. After you laughed, you definitely reset. So when you are re listening to this, I want you to listen for the first part. It was definitely good as you were going. I feel like it started to come back up, especially after you started laughing. My president, leader of my nation, how could you definitely reset? You can definitely hear the same sounds, but it's actually a good example. It's good that you laughed because you could hear before and after the tension reset, you'll be able to hear the tension more. So that's actually going to be a good listening exercise.

Speaker A: I did a good job then.

Speaker B: Yeah. So laugh a trump more. That's part of your English exercise practice. Listen for that, do more practices and watch the new video. We're gonna probably, definitely stay on this for a little bit. We're gonna probably go in and out of it, but maybe next class. When exactly did you say you're going?

Speaker A: You know what? Next. Let's pause the next one because I think I'll be traveling. Yeah, it's a little bit uncertain at this point, but yeah, I think I'll be traveling. And then we'll do again on January. Sorry, February 8th.

Speaker B: Okay. Are you still able to skip the first or has it been paid?

Speaker A: I honestly, I think it's paid. Yeah.

Speaker B: All right, I can skip it for you then. All right, all right, all right. Do you want to skip it? Skip it or do you want to move it to a Skip it. Double it. Okay. Okay, I'll skip it. Skip it for you. Okay. Let me know if you have any questions on that. If not,

Speaker A: I'll see you next week.

Speaker B: Yeah, potentially. Let me know all the fun stuff with that, and I will try not to be eaten by these cats.

Speaker A: Yeah. All right.

Speaker B: Have a good day.

Speaker A: Yeah, you too. Bye now.

