Transcript for: Recording__1195.mp4
Title: Recording #1195
============================================================

Like all of these keywords, you did see a significant, you know, increase in sales. And then were all of these keywords ones that you were actively bidding on? Oh, no, I'm sorry, I was just looking at the keywords. Well, let me look at the keywords. The protein shake. Yes. Protein, coffee. Not on that one because I saw that in the stores we aware available, we probably one of the two options. So it comes up organically anyway. So I didn't want to advertise on for that keyword for the others. Protein shake for sure. Protein, yes. Coffee, protein drink, no. And also the next one, no. Hydrating drink, Definitely not. Electrolytes? No, I was not advertising for those. Joy bus protein. Yes, we are bidding on that. Although it was very, you know, the CTC was very low, so it was okay. And protein water, I think. Yes. We are also advertising on that. Out of all these keywords, I would say potent shake was one of the primary keywords. Protein was also a good driver of sales. We had some other keywords like coffee, just coffee code for you. Those keywords are major driver of sales. So. Yeah. Now what are you trying to show here? Is it like. I don't get the two comparisons here. Is it like overall sales drivers? Yeah. So essentially like of all the sales coming from these search terms, you own these percentages of those sales. So with your advertising efforts, even like let's say hydrating drink, you said you didn't advertise with that word or you specifically didn't bid on that word. You did have a few optimized bidding campaigns running. And I would assume that those optimized bidding campaigns were bidding on these words, which is why they probably did see an increase in share of sales from search. So showing that like you are gaining more share of these search terms. So when people are searching them, you're taking up more space face you're, you know, in those higher conversion placements which are likely leading to higher sales returns and higher share of these keywords. Right. The other thing I would add to you here, so I am, is, you know, for some of these words on the screen that we didn't specifically bid on within a manual campaign. You know, it sounds like in a couple weeks here, if we're at a point where we're ready to get some campaigns back on again, like we could consider adding in a few of these additional keywords where we saw a natural bump without even, you know, specifically targeting those keywords. Sure. I mean, is it. So you said 48 keywords and are you saying you can give me a list of all 48 keywords that were driving sales? Yeah, I can give you all. Well, now it's 96. So September, it was 96 keywords driving your sales. Okay. Okay. August, it was 48. So I can send you all of the keywords that were driving your sales. And just to clarify, these are not based on advertising. These are based on the overall performance. Right? Overall. So of certain specifically within search. So again, like, we can infer, like with some of these, like you said, yeah, protein, coffee, not much competition in Costco. But like, with some of these other keywords that we were seeing, like, big lifts in, we can infer that that is because you are in these higher conversion placements. Because we do find that, like over 40% of interactions in the search do happen in the first three shelf placements on Instacart. Okay. Okay. Awesome. Yeah, this will be helpful. Yeah, of course. The other thing I'll add really quick to the 48 to 96 comparison. Like, I think a big theme that Willie and I have been seeing as we've been putting together these insights is that advertising certainly we saw a nice uptick in like advertising attributed metrics, but we were seeing a ton of upticks in your overall sales growth on Instacart. And that is pretty common when we do really lean into a robust advertising strategy like you and Connor did in September. So just, I would say that's a big overarching takeaway here is like, we're seeing just overall upticks in your overall performance on Instacart, from using advertising strategic to really essentially being more aggressive in reaching more of the right audiences that are truly needed to continue to grow on Instacart. So it's just really, really cool to see. And so just a big kudos to like, the efforts you put in along with Connor and the rest of the team that you work with at Joy Verse and really seeing a nice, really strong September to the overall health of the Instacart business. You know, one request that I have, Lily, for this chart that you're presenting here, I believe it's taking into account all stores that are available on Instacart. I mean, for example, the keyword Putin shake, the 0.2% is probably compared to all of the sales that are happening on Instacart, not only from the Costco stores where Joy Verse is available. Right. So is it possible that we do this comparison just in those Costco stores where Joyverse is available? It unfortunately isn't. Like, we couldn't isolate it just to the stores that you are in, because this is just measuring. Yeah, you're right. Like across Instacart. But like even though it's like okay, 0.2% or whatever of protein shake, like you still, if we look back at your velocity slide, you still do have more than 0.2% share of the stores that sell performance nutrition shakes. So we could infer that you could still see higher shares of those keywords if we are in a higher percentage of stores than like what we're showing here. So like, yeah, you're not in a hundred percent of stores, but you are in 15% of them. So we could radically see higher sales on these keywords because you're in more stores than just like, you're not in all of them, but you're in more than. It's like showing, you know. Exactly. Yeah. Both of the things are actually influencing it. Power Store. I mean our distribution point velocity and also the number of distribution points that have. That has also gone up, right? Yes, yes. So your distribution points have gone up from August to September. So and then your velocity went up with that, which is great. And then your. This is like with your distribution points going up in September. So like that could be why like maybe some of these have changed a little bit. But again like kind of like re and like just re hammering in like the point that Daniel said like of just like a robust advertising strategy, how that is going to help with the long term growth of share of all of these keywords. Right, okay. Yeah. And so then kind of just getting into what that looks like now that the campaigns are paused, we will show the month of October. Now considering October, it's. We're only a third of the way into October, so these numbers are subject to change. But you know, we have seen over a hundred searches for each of these words. So like there is data that supports that all these words have already been searched many times and we did lose a lot of share of a lot of these keywords. Some of them losing them almost like. Or losing them entirely. Meaning you won over less than 100 of the searches. So you lost like an average of 4.5% of each of these keywords. And then you know, we only have again, it's early in the month and we only have slightly over 20 keywords for this month. Just because now it's kind of just algorithm. You're relying on the algorithm to place you again. So it like just being able to take control of our placements is going to help Us gain more share of these keywords in the future when we do choose to run ads again. Sounds good. Yeah. So then just kind of wanted to let you like take all of that in. Like, do we have any questions on how we could, you know, better gain share of these keywords? I can send you over the words that were contributing to your sales in September after this as well, your future strategy. But yeah, do you have like any questions on anything that we just talked about or just any thoughts? Well, no, this is pretty much clear. And thank you for explaining all of those data. What I would like to know is. Well, one thing first is all of this data that you're sharing with me right now, it's not available on the portal. So does Instacart has any plan or do you have any insights on that, on making this available to all of the advertisers in the future from the portal? Or is this how it is planned to, you know, we're planning to continue? Yeah, it's a good question. So we certainly, I would say in the kind of the macro like, you know, what we've, you know, what's available to advertisers today is certainly more robust than what it was a few years ago. So as you know, as that continues to evolve, like Lily and I can continue to keep you informed of what exactly is available to be directly pulled and discovered within the ads manager directly. But there will usually still be a series of insights that you really can only access through working with Lilly directly. So it's kind of a. It's hard for us to really be able to pinpoint down when exactly more insights will come, but it's something we can absolutely keep you informed on. But in the meantime, we definitely want to continue to like have these connects so that we can continue to bring together the full, full insights so that we can best partner on how to, how to continue to grow joy verse in the right way across Instacart. Right? Okay. Yeah, yeah. And you know, Daniel, I was a little bit curious about. You are working with plenty of brands which I believe. So you saw what our, how we think about driving, running ads and what our objectives are. If you compare this with other brands that you have been talking with, how does that compare? What do they want? Yeah, I would say, I would say a lot of similarities that I see is, you know, I would say exactly what you infused in September where you had aggressive budgets on sponsored products. I know you and Connor also put together some display and video campaigns. You know, those are the types of Strategies that brands that are really trying to accelerate growth as much as possible will leverage, knowing that in order to trigger faster growth, you need a combination of reaching new audiences proactively so that there's constantly a channel of new customers that are viewing the products, considering the buy. And then we're pairing that with sponsored products with some retargeting to really harvest as many conversions from people that are showing real interest and that they're close to the buying decision. I would say where the strategy right now with Joy Burst differs from what I've seen with a lot of other brands is the, you know, spend a lot in a small period and then stop for some time and then spend again based on rotations. And the reason why I've seen that differ is that because Instacart is over 1800 retail banners, there's always going to be core retailers with a lot of our emerging brands that is more of an evergreen partnership where their products are actively in stock. And so as long as we are actively in stock with a number of key retailers, most brand partners are investing evergreen on the platform so that we're continuously maximizing and capitalizing on the full audience opportunity all year round. And so I think that would be the biggest takeaway I'd have for the broader Joy Verse team is that it's clear that with the new distribution and the expanded advertising strategy that you deployed for the brand last month, we're seeing all the right growth triggers. And then in the nine, ten days since you've paused, we're now starting to see a lot of those growth triggers decline. And that's just what we're trying to avoid for you. We just, we pay for Joy Verse to really slow down their growth momentum based on pausing their ads, which is basically turning off their full visibility and being able and making it really easy for customers to locate them and to and to add to cart. And so I'd say that's the piece that is a little bit different than what we see with most brand partners that are growing on a similar trajectory and when they do it evergreen. So do you see like for drivers, it's like we didn't care much about return, we just cared about moving units. So is that something also different for those brands who go for an evergreen strategy? Yeah, also. Oh, sorry, Daniel. I just want to hop in real quick. With strategy. You're also allowing for the computer and the machine learning to constantly learn in adjust like keyword bidding and all of these placements. And like you're allowing the computer to really do its work and optimize your campaigns when you consistently kind of like turn them on and off, we are kind of stopping all of that progress and all that machine learning to be able to fully like optimize your presence on Instacart. So being able to have an evergreen strategy is going to allow you to constantly have your campaigns evolving without you even having to put effort into it. In addition, it's going to help you inform future strategy for when you do have roadshows in Costco or other rotations or for example, a new product launch in January. You having evergreen campaigns is going to allow you to keep collecting findings and learnings for future strategies as well, while the computer is also learning and tweaking the strategy overall as well. And what I would say too. So I'm to your to your latest question on like the return versus total units. I would say that the brands that are prioritizing like total units total sales growth over sales return are the brands that are accelerating, accelerating faster growth on Instacart. Because really sales return is sales efficiency, which is great. It's an important metric, but it isn't necessarily the end all be all metric to solely evaluate all advertising on because high sales efficiency does lead to a shortening of audience reach. So you're kind of, you know, a brand can almost limit itself a little too much if there's too much of an emphasis on sales returns. So I think what you deployed in September really was aggressive in terms of harvesting as many conversions immediately while also reaching a net new audience to constantly introduce that audience to the brand. And as a result, like Joyburst is seeing a lot of the strong growth upticks that brands typically really love to see because it is showing their accelerated growth on the platform. So ultimately, as we continue to work with you and the broader team in the future, we want to help you accelerate growth since that is in line with what Joyburst is trying to do and having more of that overall units growth overall, like, you know, maximizing our reach so that we can ultimately maximize total sales growth. Those are the kind of indicators that will likely help drivers continue to stay in Costco long term. And like, my only fear is like, you know, now that we've stopped, I just would hate for Costco to pull back if they start to see like, you know, they're like, oh, we're not seeing as much joy burst momentum that we did in the first few weeks. Like, I just would hate for that to happen. Whereas if we keep the visibility maximized with advertising that can help us position and justify hey Costco and these other rotations. This shouldn't just be a six week rotation, Joy versus should be an everyday mainstay in these retailers long term. Yeah, well, yeah, thank you for all those information, Daniel. So what's next? It looks like we have some recommendations coming. Yes, of course. So we'll get into that. First, I just wanted to show the UPCs that we found in our system that we can have moved in. I know that the super soda probably isn't carried in Costco anymore, but I did find the other two products in high V like they're in a couple hybes so they still do have some distribution. So I'll move those into your account. And then just looking into recommendations, I went based off the amount of budget that you put into previous campaigns. I know that we weren't able to burn through that, but this is going to be a way that we could, you know, go through budget quicker and you know, maximize return even more hopefully. So starting with sponsored product, I think maybe consolidating our campaigns into three campaigns. We are obviously going to push the evergreen just because we know that it does work and you know, we can obviously talk about that in the future. But I would say one sponsored product campaign should be with the goal to maximize sales. So that's going to drive sales, help grow category share and keep continuing to drive velocity like we want, like our goals are. And then I think we should do another optimized bidding campaign with acquire so that's going to reach those new to brand customers and really build out your presence on Instacart as a whole. Especially as we are continuing to release new products and do more Costco roadshows. You want to be able to acquire new to brand customers. I think you're at like 62% new to brand customers last month. So we can, you know, increase that number a little more with the maximize sales campaign. And then additionally, you did see a lot of good results with your manual bidding campaign. So we can take the successful keywords from that campaign as well as popular search terms as well as the ones I showed you earlier. And we can put all of those into a manual bidding campaign where you can also take any of the, you know, high performing keywords from the optimized optimized campaigns and push them into that manual campaign as well to really maximize return there. Right? Okay. Yeah. And then also I threw in another one because of the sodas that I found. So I was like, okay, since we are planning for the Future with the Costco rollout there in January, or I assume it's going to Costco, I guess. I didn't check in with you, but with the Costco rollout, I, you know, to effectively increase velocity for that value, add water category and keep the momentum going for the launch. We do want to be able to like defend shelf placement and market share up until then as well as, you know, capitalize on that audience of soda drinkers who are looking for functional benefits. You know, that I discussed at the beginning because that is like you do have a very unique product in that sense. Or Joy Burst does that. It's like soda with protein. There's like really nothing else like that on the market. So I do think there is a lot of potential with ad spend to really drive sales and hit that audience that we are seeing is looking for functional benefits in their soda. And then this will also like, we'll be able to use the learnings from these campaigns to perfect a strategy for when that new high protein soda launches in January as well. Okay. Okay, sounds good. Yeah. And then. Oh, sorry, did you have any thoughts on that? No, no, I was just, I was just agreeing with what you shared. Yeah. Okay, perfect. And then also just wanted to throw in our shoppable display because I know that you and Connor were working on those as well. So I think again, consolidating those to just two campaigns, one specifically for the protein coffee. And we can kind of just have that running as it's in Costco and really continue to drive sales there. And then same with the protein sodas. We're also going into the holidays as well, which like, historically maybe protein hasn't been in those baskets, but because we've seen such a like year over year increase with all those protein related keywords, it's very likely that people will also be stocking up for gifting for the holidays as well. So just making sure we can capitalize on that busy time of year as well. Correct. Okay. Yeah. And you know, one question that I had, Connor and I were speaking about click match. So since we are expecting to launch campaigns soon, I would want to have a discussion about that so that, you know, everything's in place and whenever we launch campaigns, we can take advantage of that. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. And then just to confirm, so I'm. Did Joy Verse do any Click matches in Q3 to your knowledge? No, no, we do. Okay. Okay, great. Yeah. That just wanted to confirm. I think what we could do then is, you know, if we, if it works, maybe if we want to regroup. Like the of October 20th. It sounds like at that point it might be a little bit closer to talking through kind of the next set of an advertising strategy. I think we could definitely align on a click batch to support that effort. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Well, then I'll make sure I have all this sent over to you so that you can present it to the Joy Verse team and, you know, gather your own findings as well. I can also pull a list of those words that were contributing to your sales that you can, you know, factor that in for your future manual campaign. Future manual campaign. Sorry about that. And then, yeah, we can set some time to regroup. Maybe when the product. Is it the protein coffee that's just having another rotation. I'm not sure about that. So how about this? I will reach out to you when I have more information, then we can talk about the clip next. I think that will be better. Do you want to put a placeholder on the calendar or do we want to just wait? It's okay. We will do it anyway. So I'll reach out to you when you need. Okay. Yeah. And last question that I have. What happened to Connor? He just moved to a different role. So. Yeah, I was Connor's manager previously. Now he's moved to a different role in the company. So, yeah, everything's good. Yeah, it's not like. Yeah, Connor. Connor's still doing well. No, no major, major issues or anything. Awesome. Awesome. Okay. All right. So nice meeting you both. And I'm looking forward to working together. Yes, we are too. Yeah. Let us know if you need anything between, like, when we meet next. Sure, I would. Thank you so much. Have a nice weekend. Thanks. So I am. Have a great weekend. Yeah. Bye now. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Like all of these keywords, you did see a significant, you know, increase in sales. And then were all of these keywords ones that you were actively bidding on?

Speaker B: Oh, no, I'm sorry, I was just looking at the keywords. Well, let me look at the keywords. The protein shake. Yes. Protein, coffee. Not on that one because I saw that in the stores we aware available, we probably one of the two options. So it comes up organically anyway. So I didn't want to advertise on for that keyword for the others. Protein shake for sure. Protein, yes. Coffee, protein drink, no. And also the next one, no. Hydrating drink, Definitely not. Electrolytes? No, I was not advertising for those. Joy bus protein. Yes, we are bidding on that. Although it was very, you know, the CTC was very low, so it was okay. And protein water, I think.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker B: We are also advertising on that. Out of all these keywords, I would say potent shake was one of the primary keywords. Protein was also a good driver of sales. We had some other keywords like coffee, just coffee code for you. Those keywords are major driver of sales. So. Yeah. Now what are you trying to show here? Is it like. I don't get the two comparisons here. Is it like overall sales drivers?

Speaker A: Yeah. So essentially like of all the sales coming from these search terms, you own these percentages of those sales. So with your advertising efforts, even like let's say hydrating drink, you said you didn't advertise with that word or you specifically didn't bid on that word. You did have a few optimized bidding campaigns running. And I would assume that those optimized bidding campaigns were bidding on these words, which is why they probably did see an increase in share of sales from search. So showing that like you are gaining more share of these search terms. So when people are searching them, you're taking up more space face you're, you know, in those higher conversion placements which are likely leading to higher sales returns and higher share of these keywords.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker C: The other thing I would add to you here, so I am, is, you know, for some of these words on the screen that we didn't specifically bid on within a manual campaign. You know, it sounds like in a couple weeks here, if we're at a point where we're ready to get some campaigns back on again, like we could consider adding in a few of these additional keywords where we saw a natural bump without even, you know, specifically targeting those keywords.

Speaker B: Sure. I mean, is it. So you said 48 keywords and are you saying you can give me a list of all 48 keywords that were driving sales?

Speaker A: Yeah, I can give you all. Well, now it's 96. So September, it was 96 keywords driving your sales.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. August, it was 48. So I can send you all of the keywords that were driving your sales.

Speaker B: And just to clarify, these are not based on advertising. These are based on the overall performance. Right?

Speaker A: Overall. So of certain specifically within search. So again, like, we can infer, like with some of these, like you said, yeah, protein, coffee, not much competition in Costco. But like, with some of these other keywords that we were seeing, like, big lifts in, we can infer that that is because you are in these higher conversion placements. Because we do find that, like over 40% of interactions in the search do happen in the first three shelf placements on Instacart.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Awesome. Yeah, this will be helpful.

Speaker A: Yeah, of course.

Speaker C: The other thing I'll add really quick to the 48 to 96 comparison. Like, I think a big theme that Willie and I have been seeing as we've been putting together these insights is that advertising certainly we saw a nice uptick in like advertising attributed metrics, but we were seeing a ton of upticks in your overall sales growth on Instacart. And that is pretty common when we do really lean into a robust advertising strategy like you and Connor did in September. So just, I would say that's a big overarching takeaway here is like, we're seeing just overall upticks in your overall performance on Instacart, from using advertising strategic to really essentially being more aggressive in reaching more of the right audiences that are truly needed to continue to grow on Instacart. So it's just really, really cool to see. And so just a big kudos to like, the efforts you put in along with Connor and the rest of the team that you work with at Joy Verse and really seeing a nice, really strong September to the overall health of the Instacart business.

Speaker B: You know, one request that I have, Lily, for this chart that you're presenting here, I believe it's taking into account all stores that are available on Instacart. I mean, for example, the keyword Putin shake, the 0.2% is probably compared to all of the sales that are happening on Instacart, not only from the Costco stores where Joy Verse is available. Right. So is it possible that we do this comparison just in those Costco stores where Joyverse is available?

Speaker A: It unfortunately isn't. Like, we couldn't isolate it just to the stores that you are in, because this is just measuring. Yeah, you're right. Like across Instacart. But like even though it's like okay, 0.2% or whatever of protein shake, like you still, if we look back at your velocity slide, you still do have more than 0.2% share of the stores that sell performance nutrition shakes. So we could infer that you could still see higher shares of those keywords if we are in a higher percentage of stores than like what we're showing here. So like, yeah, you're not in a hundred percent of stores, but you are in 15% of them. So we could radically see higher sales on these keywords because you're in more stores than just like, you're not in all of them, but you're in more than. It's like showing, you know.

Speaker B: Exactly. Yeah. Both of the things are actually influencing it. Power Store. I mean our distribution point velocity and also the number of distribution points that have. That has also gone up, right?

Speaker A: Yes, yes. So your distribution points have gone up from August to September. So and then your velocity went up with that, which is great. And then your. This is like with your distribution points going up in September. So like that could be why like maybe some of these have changed a little bit. But again like kind of like re and like just re hammering in like the point that Daniel said like of just like a robust advertising strategy, how that is going to help with the long term growth of share of all of these keywords.

Speaker B: Right, okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. And so then kind of just getting into what that looks like now that the campaigns are paused, we will show the month of October. Now considering October, it's. We're only a third of the way into October, so these numbers are subject to change. But you know, we have seen over a hundred searches for each of these words. So like there is data that supports that all these words have already been searched many times and we did lose a lot of share of a lot of these keywords. Some of them losing them almost like. Or losing them entirely. Meaning you won over less than 100 of the searches. So you lost like an average of 4.5% of each of these keywords. And then you know, we only have again, it's early in the month and we only have slightly over 20 keywords for this month. Just because now it's kind of just algorithm. You're relying on the algorithm to place you again. So it like just being able to take control of our placements is going to help Us gain more share of these keywords in the future when we do choose to run ads again.

Speaker B: Sounds good.

Speaker A: Yeah. So then just kind of wanted to let you like take all of that in. Like, do we have any questions on how we could, you know, better gain share of these keywords? I can send you over the words that were contributing to your sales in September after this as well, your future strategy. But yeah, do you have like any questions on anything that we just talked about or just any thoughts?

Speaker B: Well, no, this is pretty much clear. And thank you for explaining all of those data. What I would like to know is. Well, one thing first is all of this data that you're sharing with me right now, it's not available on the portal. So does Instacart has any plan or do you have any insights on that, on making this available to all of the advertisers in the future from the portal? Or is this how it is planned to, you know, we're planning to continue?

Speaker C: Yeah, it's a good question. So we certainly, I would say in the kind of the macro like, you know, what we've, you know, what's available to advertisers today is certainly more robust than what it was a few years ago. So as you know, as that continues to evolve, like Lily and I can continue to keep you informed of what exactly is available to be directly pulled and discovered within the ads manager directly. But there will usually still be a series of insights that you really can only access through working with Lilly directly. So it's kind of a. It's hard for us to really be able to pinpoint down when exactly more insights will come, but it's something we can absolutely keep you informed on. But in the meantime, we definitely want to continue to like have these connects so that we can continue to bring together the full, full insights so that we can best partner on how to, how to continue to grow joy verse in the right way across Instacart.

Speaker B: Right? Okay. Yeah, yeah. And you know, Daniel, I was a little bit curious about. You are working with plenty of brands which I believe. So you saw what our, how we think about driving, running ads and what our objectives are. If you compare this with other brands that you have been talking with, how does that compare? What do they want?

Speaker C: Yeah, I would say, I would say a lot of similarities that I see is, you know, I would say exactly what you infused in September where you had aggressive budgets on sponsored products. I know you and Connor also put together some display and video campaigns. You know, those are the types of Strategies that brands that are really trying to accelerate growth as much as possible will leverage, knowing that in order to trigger faster growth, you need a combination of reaching new audiences proactively so that there's constantly a channel of new customers that are viewing the products, considering the buy. And then we're pairing that with sponsored products with some retargeting to really harvest as many conversions from people that are showing real interest and that they're close to the buying decision. I would say where the strategy right now with Joy Burst differs from what I've seen with a lot of other brands is the, you know, spend a lot in a small period and then stop for some time and then spend again based on rotations. And the reason why I've seen that differ is that because Instacart is over 1800 retail banners, there's always going to be core retailers with a lot of our emerging brands that is more of an evergreen partnership where their products are actively in stock. And so as long as we are actively in stock with a number of key retailers, most brand partners are investing evergreen on the platform so that we're continuously maximizing and capitalizing on the full audience opportunity all year round. And so I think that would be the biggest takeaway I'd have for the broader Joy Verse team is that it's clear that with the new distribution and the expanded advertising strategy that you deployed for the brand last month, we're seeing all the right growth triggers. And then in the nine, ten days since you've paused, we're now starting to see a lot of those growth triggers decline. And that's just what we're trying to avoid for you. We just, we pay for Joy Verse to really slow down their growth momentum based on pausing their ads, which is basically turning off their full visibility and being able and making it really easy for customers to locate them and to and to add to cart. And so I'd say that's the piece that is a little bit different than what we see with most brand partners that are growing on a similar trajectory

Speaker B: and when they do it evergreen. So do you see like for drivers, it's like we didn't care much about return, we just cared about moving units. So is that something also different for those brands who go for an evergreen strategy?

Speaker A: Yeah, also. Oh, sorry, Daniel. I just want to hop in real quick. With strategy. You're also allowing for the computer and the machine learning to constantly learn in adjust like keyword bidding and all of these placements. And like you're allowing the computer to really do its work and optimize your campaigns when you consistently kind of like turn them on and off, we are kind of stopping all of that progress and all that machine learning to be able to fully like optimize your presence on Instacart. So being able to have an evergreen strategy is going to allow you to constantly have your campaigns evolving without you even having to put effort into it. In addition, it's going to help you inform future strategy for when you do have roadshows in Costco or other rotations or for example, a new product launch in January. You having evergreen campaigns is going to allow you to keep collecting findings and learnings for future strategies as well, while the computer is also learning and tweaking the strategy overall as well.

Speaker C: And what I would say too. So I'm to your to your latest question on like the return versus total units. I would say that the brands that are prioritizing like total units total sales growth over sales return are the brands that are accelerating, accelerating faster growth on Instacart. Because really sales return is sales efficiency, which is great. It's an important metric, but it isn't necessarily the end all be all metric to solely evaluate all advertising on because high sales efficiency does lead to a shortening of audience reach. So you're kind of, you know, a brand can almost limit itself a little too much if there's too much of an emphasis on sales returns. So I think what you deployed in September really was aggressive in terms of harvesting as many conversions immediately while also reaching a net new audience to constantly introduce that audience to the brand. And as a result, like Joyburst is seeing a lot of the strong growth upticks that brands typically really love to see because it is showing their accelerated growth on the platform. So ultimately, as we continue to work with you and the broader team in the future, we want to help you accelerate growth since that is in line with what Joyburst is trying to do and having more of that overall units growth overall, like, you know, maximizing our reach so that we can ultimately maximize total sales growth. Those are the kind of indicators that will likely help drivers continue to stay in Costco long term. And like, my only fear is like, you know, now that we've stopped, I just would hate for Costco to pull back if they start to see like, you know, they're like, oh, we're not seeing as much joy burst momentum that we did in the first few weeks. Like, I just would hate for that to happen. Whereas if we keep the visibility maximized with advertising that can help us position and justify hey Costco and these other rotations. This shouldn't just be a six week rotation, Joy versus should be an everyday mainstay in these retailers long term.

Speaker B: Yeah, well, yeah, thank you for all those information, Daniel. So what's next? It looks like we have some recommendations coming.

Speaker A: Yes, of course. So we'll get into that. First, I just wanted to show the UPCs that we found in our system that we can have moved in. I know that the super soda probably isn't carried in Costco anymore, but I did find the other two products in high V like they're in a couple hybes so they still do have some distribution. So I'll move those into your account. And then just looking into recommendations, I went based off the amount of budget that you put into previous campaigns. I know that we weren't able to burn through that, but this is going to be a way that we could, you know, go through budget quicker and you know, maximize return even more hopefully. So starting with sponsored product, I think maybe consolidating our campaigns into three campaigns. We are obviously going to push the evergreen just because we know that it does work and you know, we can obviously talk about that in the future. But I would say one sponsored product campaign should be with the goal to maximize sales. So that's going to drive sales, help grow category share and keep continuing to drive velocity like we want, like our goals are. And then I think we should do another optimized bidding campaign with acquire so that's going to reach those new to brand customers and really build out your presence on Instacart as a whole. Especially as we are continuing to release new products and do more Costco roadshows. You want to be able to acquire new to brand customers. I think you're at like 62% new to brand customers last month. So we can, you know, increase that number a little more with the maximize sales campaign. And then additionally, you did see a lot of good results with your manual bidding campaign. So we can take the successful keywords from that campaign as well as popular search terms as well as the ones I showed you earlier. And we can put all of those into a manual bidding campaign where you can also take any of the, you know, high performing keywords from the optimized optimized campaigns and push them into that manual campaign as well to really maximize return there.

Speaker B: Right? Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then also I threw in another one because of the sodas that I found. So I was like, okay, since we are planning for the Future with the Costco rollout there in January, or I assume it's going to Costco, I guess. I didn't check in with you, but with the Costco rollout, I, you know, to effectively increase velocity for that value, add water category and keep the momentum going for the launch. We do want to be able to like defend shelf placement and market share up until then as well as, you know, capitalize on that audience of soda drinkers who are looking for functional benefits. You know, that I discussed at the beginning because that is like you do have a very unique product in that sense. Or Joy Burst does that. It's like soda with protein. There's like really nothing else like that on the market. So I do think there is a lot of potential with ad spend to really drive sales and hit that audience that we are seeing is looking for functional benefits in their soda. And then this will also like, we'll be able to use the learnings from these campaigns to perfect a strategy for when that new high protein soda launches in January as well.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay, sounds good.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then. Oh, sorry, did you have any thoughts on that?

Speaker B: No, no, I was just, I was just agreeing with what you shared. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, perfect. And then also just wanted to throw in our shoppable display because I know that you and Connor were working on those as well. So I think again, consolidating those to just two campaigns, one specifically for the protein coffee. And we can kind of just have that running as it's in Costco and really continue to drive sales there. And then same with the protein sodas. We're also going into the holidays as well, which like, historically maybe protein hasn't been in those baskets, but because we've seen such a like year over year increase with all those protein related keywords, it's very likely that people will also be stocking up for gifting for the holidays as well. So just making sure we can capitalize on that busy time of year as well.

Speaker B: Correct. Okay. Yeah. And you know, one question that I had, Connor and I were speaking about click match. So since we are expecting to launch campaigns soon, I would want to have a discussion about that so that, you know, everything's in place and whenever we launch campaigns, we can take advantage of that.

Speaker C: Yeah, definitely. Yeah. And then just to confirm, so I'm. Did Joy Verse do any Click matches in Q3 to your knowledge?

Speaker B: No, no, we do.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay, great. Yeah. That just wanted to confirm. I think what we could do then is, you know, if we, if it works, maybe if we want to regroup. Like the of October 20th. It sounds like at that point it might be a little bit closer to talking through kind of the next set of an advertising strategy. I think we could definitely align on a click batch to support that effort.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Well, then I'll make sure I have all this sent over to you so that you can present it to the Joy Verse team and, you know, gather your own findings as well. I can also pull a list of those words that were contributing to your sales that you can, you know, factor that in for your future manual campaign. Future manual campaign. Sorry about that. And then, yeah, we can set some time to regroup. Maybe when the product. Is it the protein coffee that's just having another rotation.

Speaker B: I'm not sure about that. So how about this? I will reach out to you when I have more information, then we can talk about the clip next. I think that will be better.

Speaker A: Do you want to put a placeholder on the calendar or do we want to just wait?

Speaker B: It's okay. We will do it anyway. So I'll reach out to you when you need.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. And last question that I have. What happened to Connor?

Speaker C: He just moved to a different role. So. Yeah, I was Connor's manager previously. Now he's moved to a different role in the company. So, yeah, everything's good. Yeah, it's not like. Yeah, Connor. Connor's still doing well. No, no major, major issues or anything.

Speaker B: Awesome. Awesome. Okay. All right. So nice meeting you both. And I'm looking forward to working together.

Speaker A: Yes, we are too. Yeah. Let us know if you need anything between, like, when we meet next.

Speaker B: Sure, I would. Thank you so much. Have a nice weekend.

Speaker C: Thanks. So I am. Have a great weekend.

Speaker B: Yeah. Bye now.

Speaker A: Bye.

