Transcript for: Recording__1046.mp4
Title: Recording #1046
============================================================

Okay. I should probably send an email to my students. What do you do generally during the Easter weekend? Not much. I am negative. I'm not religious, so. No. I mean, chocolate, family, sometimes. Sometimes dinner, but Easter's not really big on my list. And in general? In general for me or for Americans? For Americans. Oh. Generally, Easter is pretty big, especially if you have kids. Oh, those things. You hide some caves and all inside those eggs? Yeah, you hide things in eggs. So, like, little bits of money, chocolate, candy, toys, whatever. You hide it around the house, and then the kids have to find it in the morning. Okay. Parents do a lot of overnight work here. Santa comes at night. The Easter bunny comes at night. The tooth fairy comes at night. A lot of nocturnal beings that come to visit us. Yeah, I see that. Yeah. So generally. And then there's the Easter basket. So you get a basket, and then you have to find the eggs, and then you have to. It's one of those holidays where you go visit your great grandma who you see three times a year. What are those holidays? A lot of families go to church as well. Usually it's a big church holiday. It's like Christmas, but, like, with more, you know, with, like, more pagan copyright, you know, like, because. Because they got a lot of the ideas from the pagans and stuff. Oh, I don't know. Oh, well, you know how Christians may or may not have historically, gently taken over some lands without any bloodshed? And a lot of politeness. Well, not too much Ivara, but all the histories. So Christianity, people who are Christians, not Christianity, because religion is determined by people. And the other way around. But anyway, so a lot of Christian emperors and things would try to take over some new land, especially like, the Norse, the Germans, the old Scottish. And once they took over land, sometimes they'd be like, hey, we'd like you to be Christians. And the people would be like, we really like this thing we do now. Yeah. So they kind of blended it together. So, like, Christmas trees are originally yule logs, which is a pagan thing. It was to celebrate the winter solstice, or Easter was the celebration of, like, spring gardening and fertility. And now it's like the day Jesus came back. Like, they. They would mix in their stuff with existing stuff. So, like, the Easter bunny wasn't in the Bible. It was a pagan thing. Okay. Bunnies represent fertility because they have 10,000 babies a minute. They don't have that many. Okay, but you know how bunnies have a lot of babies? I don't know. Okay. You've never heard the phrase breeding like rabbits? No. Okay, so the bunnies had a lot of babies. So the people there would be like, oh, bunnies, fertility. Let's put those together. And then Christians came around and that they incorporated bunnies in their own way. And if you look at any Christian holiday, it pagan stuff because they had to blend it together when they took over people. So fun fact. So yeah, Easter is like Christmas. It's a big church holiday, big family holiday, big dinner, lots of candy and then a lot of. But like with more pagan stuff left over. But it's especially important when you have a kid. Especially important when you have a kid. It becomes a fun thing. Yes, yes. Because unfortunately my mother refuses to hide eggs for me in the night. My cat, maybe I'll have to do it for my cat. I'll have to put cat treats in the eggs and have them sniff it up. Your cat will probably be very good at finding those stuff. Yeah, potentially not as good as a dog, but we'll see. What about you? Are you doing anything for the weekend? Well, not really. Yesterday was a holiday, so I was working, but still took it slow, nice and easy. Went to the park to work, went to a cafe, a park, do some work. That's what was yesterday. Went to a park and. And a cafe, like, you know. No, you said it was a holiday. Good Friday. Oh, yeah. Oh my God. See, that one's 100% Christian. So I don't care about it. Well, I mean, I care about it, everything. I am not Christian. So you're not? No. Oh, what are you then? Agnostic. Okay. If you know what that is. I don't know, Mahat, what do you know? Because sometimes people have the wrong idea of it. Oh, my God. Well, I'd say that you are not very religious. That's what I'd say. No, not very religious usually implies that you're a little religious. Okay, so you're not at all. You're against it? No, that's atheist. Okay, so atheists. Agnostic. Atheists say. Atheists are the ones who say there is nothing. There is no God. You'll become worms when you die. There's nothing out there. Ghosts aren't real. Maybe aliens, depending on the guy. Agnostic is saying there's a bunch of religions. Maybe one is right, maybe not. I'm just a human. Who am I to say? It's kind of the general idea of maybe there's a God, maybe there's not. I'm not going to worship anything because I don't strongly believe the one true path of Any of these things. Yeah, yeah. For me personally, it means I don't think I, I'm not Christian. I don't believe in any of that stuff. But there's a bunch of religions, so maybe there is something. Okay. There's been billions of people who have been religious. Maybe they're onto something. I don't know. I just, I personally don't believe in any particular religion. That's what that means. I believe that it's just as plausible that there's a Christian God as the Greeks got it. Right. You know, maybe the Christians, maybe the Egyptians, maybe there is nothing. I don't know. I wouldn't be surprised at anything if I died at this point. Okay. That's what agnostic means. When do they usually go to the church? On Easter? Like is it today or is it like on Good Friday? Probably both, I would think. No, because today's Saturday is Easter. Today or tomorrow? Easter. It's Sunday. It's tomorrow. Oh, okay. Tomorrow. Okay. Oh, so you're over here. Like, how can you, how can you not know when Good Friday is when you don't know Easter is tomorrow? Shame, shame. I'm trying to figure it out. Well, I have a friend who was talking about going to the church and I was wondering, when is that? I think both if you're super religious, if you're like medium religious, you only go on Easter. If you're really religious, you go on both, I think. Okay, I see. Because it is a big church holiday. Yeah. So they'll go do their stuff and we can go ahead and do ours. So class wise, last time we talked about keywords, key times, journaling, just trying to incorporate class into life. How has that been going? Did you pick any keywords instead? What I did this week, I did better. Okay, this. What did you. Did? I. I took almost an hour, probably a little bit more than that, to go over the teas and the stop sounds you can say, but, you know, I couldn't cover everything because there's a lot of things I was surprised to see there. There are so many things. There are. There's a lot. Yeah. And some of them are a little bit confusing still now when I was going through them, the rules, and it didn't really look like for two of them they didn't have rules. Rather they're specifying a bunch of things and it's difficult to remember. So maybe that's something that you can simplify. You probably simplified that before, but I forgot what you said anyway, so. Yeah, that's what I was Looking at. And I think I did better. So what were you looking at specifically? I was looking at all the rules for tea. So I'll tell you in a second. One second. So you said you were able to look at some. And how do you feel about each one? So the big ones, like glottal and flap, how are you feeling? Well, flap is fine. I get the rule, but it's also a little bit confusing. I'll say, like, with what we. Like, where does it exactly happen? Because the flap. Right. Yep. The flap. Like in water. Yeah, yeah. No, it's. It's. Like if you open the presentation, there are so many rules. Right. Use flap, T between two vowels, r and a vowel, and arc out like. It's so difficult to remember where. Let me simplify it a little bit. Let me. Let me go ahead and try to ease your mind. The general rule for flap. So what does it say can come first in the flap? It says vowel can come first. Oh, even R can come first. So I'll say a vowel and L, R. Mn. Is that the rule? I forgot what you said. Here's the rule, so I sent it in the chat. Let me break down this amazing Alphabet I've got going on. So if you have an R or a vowel before the T, and an R, a vowel or an L after the T, and it's not stressed, that's when it happens. So all you have to remember is R and val before and after. And then you just after L, add L to the end R and vowel before and after. Or if there's a vowel after too. And when you say snot, stressed is the last syllable that you're talking about after T, the syllable that would have the flap in it. So, for example, attack, that will be stressed. Yeah. So the first part is schwa. The second part is stressed tack. So since the one with T is stressed, the tack, it's going to be a true T. So the real rule is R and vowel, T, R and vowel unstressed. That's the rule. Got it. Okay. Okay. Yeah. That simplifies it a lot. Yeah. It's much easier than trying to remember R and val and then val and val and then R and l and then val and r, and then all of those different ones. This is the simplification. Yeah. And then you said the other big one is the glaton. Yes. Okay. That one is, I'd say more simple, but again, there are some rules. Like. But it's simple. It's. It can be defined. It just said when T comes For M and r and N syllables. So. Right. That's. That's why it becomes simple. Yeah. If, if it's a T before N, basically you, you keep in mind sometimes it's going to be spelled with a vowel. Like kitten has that E. Kitten. Cotton has O. Kitten, cotton, mitten. The N sound. Yes, N sound. Cotton, mountain, fountain. Okay. That's. That's when you have glottal. Right. Okay. Yeah. I, I took a look at those. So American T and D and then flap T, Flap D and then a glottal T. And I was looking at the reductions. I couldn't look at all of the reductions. But T +U and R. T +YU is very simple. It's normal. I just do it. So. So I don't need to worry too much about that. T plus R is interesting. Oh, I, I think T plus U is also interesting. When you have. It's between two words in between the same word, it's okay. But when it's two words, I never have done that. So that's something that I have to take into consideration. N plus D is something. Yeah. Give me an example. You said you've never done what? Like, like, don't you. You just pronounce that tsch right. You can. So with the. You particularly like, don't you? Did you? Did ya? Did ya? Would ya? That's pretty casual. So it's optional. It's optional as well. So it's good to know why you hear it. Like if you hear someone say did ya? It's good to know what the heck they're doing there. But it's optional. You don't have to use did ya? Would ya? Could you. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah. As much as I can avoid. Yeah. Okay. So in actual speaking, how do you feel about them? I think I, I still need to keep on practicing these because there's so much going on. And also with the final stop sounds. I know. Final stop. It's just in most cases we eliminate the second part of it. Like, we don't do the release, but there are release with the S. Release. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's when you do that. All right, let's. Let's go ahead and do a couple practices. So I'll go to a. I'll go ahead and do a reading and then we can do something else that I'm thinking of. So go ahead and open that. Find something interesting. Okay, let's do it. Something interesting. Yes, hopefully something interesting. I mean, if you're in the mood to read something boring, you can find that, but up to you. How about something with a tariff? Something with what? Tariffs. So, student favorite. I've. Is that what people are reading to you? It's what people have been picking nowadays, yeah. Oh, okay. You want to read about this something? The best part about it is I had to explain what a bloodbath is. I was looking for something on cats, but I cannot find anything. Crazy old cat lady. Nothing about Easter either. Come on. Yeah, okay. Oh yeah, let's read this one. Tourist arrested for visiting forbidden Indian Island. Oh, okay. Yeah, okay. Also a fan favorite. Really? This people like tariffs and forbidden islands, I guess. I don't know. Actually I thought that that's something that you didn't hear about. No, I had a couple other students from India who were like, oh, let's read about that. So you'll have to actually read it and let me know if you've heard about this island before. So go ahead. Well, you know all about it by now. I know some of it, but if you've heard about it before, maybe you can give me some more details. After we read it you could be like, oh, I heard about this. And okay, I see. Alright. Indian police have arrested an American tourist for allegedly traveling to a remote island to visit one of the world's most isolated tribes. The island, North Sentinel is part of the Andaman and Nicobar archipelago in the Bay of Bengal, around 1200 kilometers east of the Indian subcontinent. It is approximately 60 square kilometers in size. North Sentinel is a protected area and home to the Sentinelese people, an indigenous tribe who have fiercely defended their isolation from the outside world. The tourist made the prohibited journey to the island. He did not make contact with the islanders, but he did leave them with a can of Diet Coke anti coconut. He could face up to five years in prison. The Indian government has barred outsiders from visiting North Sentinel island. This is to protect the unique Sentinel's way of life. It is also to shield the inhabitants from modern ls. The a spokeswoman of a foreign nonprofit group that protects isolated tribes said it's very well known that uncontacted people have no immunity to common outside diseases like flu or measles, which could completely wipe them out. Survival International said the Sentinelese are the most isolated indigenous people in the world. In the past few decades, the islanders have killed several people who have attempted to visit the island. The recently arrested tourist described himself as a thrill seeker. First thing my student said last time they read this was of course it would be an American. Of course. Yeah, this person was an YouTuber. I think was what YouTuber went there for views. Oh my God. So have you heard about this island before? Have you heard about this tribe? Yes, my parents. I think it was just my mom with her groom. No, no, I think it's the family who went there. I never went there, but I mean, not to this island, but the Andaman and Nicobar archipelago, that's a famous tourist destination. So yeah, from there you get to see this island from afar with a binocular maybe, but you don't get to go there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you get to peek at it, but you're not able to go. Go up and give them coke and coconuts. Yeah, no one would even agree to take you there. But I don't know how this person managed. I mean, I don't know, bribery. Stole their own. Maybe they rented a canoe. I don't know, maybe they just put a bunch of coconuts together and floated over on the coconuts. That's what I think happened. By the way, this beach is really good. I mean usually you will see in India the beaches are not. I don't like that. But this one is different. This one. And then luxury. Few beaches are very different. What's better about this one? It's clean water, it's blue. You get to see those squirrels. What do you say? Coral reefs. Coral reefs, yeah. So you get to see all those here. It's beautiful. All right. And what's. Is water usually not pretty and clear up beaches or is it the beach itself? Like in Michigan we have. A lot of. A lot of our natural beaches are just rocks instead of the sandy beaches. Because we're. A lot of our sandy beaches are man made. Right. So yeah. Okay. It's just that the water is not in most beaches it will not be that color that you really like, green. And you know, you don't get to see that. And also it's the vibe that changes when it's local people. It's a bit different from the local tribes. Yeah, no, not local tribes. You don't get to see tribes everywhere. It's just the tribes here. So I meant this particular tribe. Yeah, no, no, this is fine. This is beautiful. But I just meant the others. It's just the vibe is different. People go to beaches to probably like get a tan and all. You don't see those things happening in most beaches in India. Fair enough. Probably. Probably. Where? In Goa. Oh, okay. Fair enough. Yeah. All right, let's go ahead and go over some words real quick. Sure, let's do that. Okay. Archipelago, please tell Me? How do you say this? Archipelago. Archipelago. Ah, okay, sure. Yeah. Archipelago. And then what's going on here? How did you say it? 1200 kilometers. So you dropped the S, I think just because the S isn't written there as it. Because it says km instead of kilometers. You said 1200 kilometer. So do make sure that you are inserting that S though. All right. And the next one. Defended. Defended. Defended. Okay, defended. So usually this is going to happen without remembering all the different rules for stress. Just remember, usually the stress is going to be a little bit further down in a verb. So like attack, defend, retain. So that's one reason retain and attack have the T that's actually pronounced is because it's in the stressed syllable. So it also means that the schwas are usually a little bit earlier, like defend. Okay. And what's the next one? Journey. Yes, journey. I think you pronounce like the O and the U. A bit like journey. So it is a schwa. R. So J. R. Journey. Journey. Yeah. What's the next one? Government. What are you doing with that tea? That'll be. That'll be unreleased. Government. Yes, government. And the next one? Visiting. What are you doing with that tea? I think this one is released. Why? Well, it has a vowel before it. I get that. But then it's. We also have ing after it. Like it's a suffix. Yeah. So it doesn't matter if it's a suffix. Doesn't matter. Oh, okay, okay. As long as it's not stressed. Okay. Visiting. So then unreleased. Yes. Stop. So visiting. Visiting. The flap. Flap. T. It's flap. So if you just visit, then it will be an unreleased tea. Yeah, just visit is unreleased. Visiting is a flap. How do I remember that? Just remember that T is very susceptible to its environment, so you have to look at it word for word. You can't always connect the original to the new one. For some sounds you can do that for example, Doctor, but you can't do that for T. T is going to change with any situation it's in. Could you do something like. I know that you wrote that rule above R vowel. And then that was for flap. T. Yeah, yeah. Could you edit that message and add flat T rules? Yeah, yeah, sure. Let's go ahead and go through these and then I can go ahead and do that. What's the next word? Okay. Illness. Illnesses. Yes. Remember, it's multiple illnesses. Multiple, Many, many different illnesses. Such as? Such as something. I don't know. What was that? Oh, okay. Such as measles. I don't know. Measles. Measles. Okay. I never heard of that. What is measles? Measles are a disease that most western people would be immune to now. But it's one of those diseases where if we get it now, it's just like, eh, we just have a little bit of measles. It's like basically extinct, but back in the day it used to be quite common and it could kill. Not like all the time, but if you got measles and you died, it wouldn't be super surprising either. Okay. All right. And then islanders and island. Yeah, islanders. Islanders. Oh yes, you mentioned that. That A is pronounced almost as I. Yeah. So that's a type of schwa. It's a high schwa. Island. Island. Islanders. Islanders. Okay. And also island. Island. Yep, Island. Okay. All right. Any questions on those? No, I mean, Yeah, I have to. I mean it will get better if I just simply take some time to do what you discussed, what we discussed last weekend. We're gonna go ahead and do a little bit of that right now, if you have a minute. Sure. Go ahead and open. Let's. Let's go ahead and do the flap together and then I'll let you go open the flat practice sheet. Worksheet or practice sheet. So here's what you're going to do. You're going to click on the practice sheet. You're going to take a second, you're going to look through these words and you're going to find three words. Three to three to five. At least three words that you would use quite frequently. I'll even find the first one for you, key words. The first one you're going to use is water. Okay. Yeah, water. I feel like water is a common enough word. Yeah, sure. Let's see what else. Well, whenever I have to say AI, I'll just say artificial. Artificial intelligence. Artificial. Yeah, artificial intelligence. So let's use artificial. Probably that will be one I can force myself to use. And let's see what else. No, that's good. If it's a common word, but you still have to adjust to it, that's the perfect example of what keywords are for. No, I say AI and prolay. How to change that to artificial intelligence? I never speak. What's one more word that you would use quite a bit or that you can use quite a bit? So maybe it's not one that you use a lot now, but maybe you can look through and be like little. I can start saying little a lot. I can be like, sorry, I'm a little late. Sorry, I'm a little tired. I don't know. Something like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, let's do that one. Yeah. All right. There you go, Little. There you go. We found your keywords. All you have to do with your keywords is make sure that you're pronouncing them correctly when you say these words. Water, artificial, little. Okay. Water, artificial, and little. Yeah. So if you're talking to someone and you're like, hey, hey, give me a second, I gotta go give a little water to my artificial plant. There you go. That's like the perfect practice. Sure. Maybe instead of typing in the chat that I'm a little tired, I'll just voice record and sing. Exactly, exactly. You'll be like, you'll. You can type out, hey, sorry, I'm. And then you'll just voice record little and then type for the rest, tired. I can't go out tonight. So that's what you'll do. And this actually works quite well because they're all in different environments. Water is between a vowel and an R. Artificial is between two vowels, and then little is between a vowel and an L. So they're totally different and they're a good way to branch off. So just use these as your keywords and try to find a time to do key times where you focusing. Where you focus on more flaps in general during like a five, ten minute span. Right. And you know what? Maybe I'll just attend one AI event this time this week. And then you just. Instead of saying AI, you just say artificial. Artificial. Artificial. Exactly. Exactly. It's going to take years of your life, but. Yeah. Do you know how much time you save by saying AI? All right, well, you can let me know how that works later. If you see anything for Easter, let me know. Let me know if you see the Easter bunny, and I'll see you next week. Okay? Yep, Sounds good. All right, have a good night. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: I should probably send an email to my students.

Speaker A: What do you do generally during the Easter weekend?

Speaker B: Not much. I am negative. I'm not religious, so. No. I mean, chocolate, family, sometimes. Sometimes dinner, but Easter's not really big on my list.

Speaker A: And in general?

Speaker B: In general for me or for Americans?

Speaker A: For Americans.

Speaker B: Oh. Generally, Easter is pretty big, especially if you have kids.

Speaker A: Oh, those things. You hide some caves and all inside those eggs?

Speaker B: Yeah, you hide things in eggs. So, like, little bits of money, chocolate, candy, toys, whatever. You hide it around the house, and then the kids have to find it in the morning.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Parents do a lot of overnight work here. Santa comes at night. The Easter bunny comes at night. The tooth fairy comes at night. A lot of nocturnal beings that come to visit us.

Speaker A: Yeah, I see that. Yeah.

Speaker B: So generally. And then there's the Easter basket. So you get a basket, and then you have to find the eggs, and then you have to. It's one of those holidays where you go visit your great grandma who you see three times a year. What are those holidays? A lot of families go to church as well. Usually it's a big church holiday. It's like Christmas, but, like, with more, you know, with, like, more pagan copyright, you know, like, because. Because they got a lot of the ideas from the pagans and stuff.

Speaker A: Oh, I don't know.

Speaker B: Oh, well, you know how Christians may or may not have historically, gently taken over some lands without any bloodshed? And a lot of politeness.

Speaker A: Well, not too much Ivara, but all the histories.

Speaker B: So Christianity, people who are Christians, not Christianity, because religion is determined by people. And the other way around. But anyway, so a lot of Christian emperors and things would try to take over some new land, especially like, the Norse, the Germans, the old Scottish. And once they took over land, sometimes they'd be like, hey, we'd like you to be Christians. And the people would be like, we really like this thing we do now.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So they kind of blended it together. So, like, Christmas trees are originally yule logs, which is a pagan thing. It was to celebrate the winter solstice, or Easter was the celebration of, like, spring gardening and fertility. And now it's like the day Jesus came back. Like, they. They would mix in their stuff with existing stuff. So, like, the Easter bunny wasn't in the Bible. It was a pagan thing.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Bunnies represent fertility because they have 10,000 babies a minute. They don't have that many. Okay, but you know how bunnies have a lot of babies?

Speaker A: I don't know. Okay.

Speaker B: You've never heard the phrase breeding like rabbits?

Speaker A: No.

Speaker B: Okay, so the bunnies had a lot of babies. So the people there would be like, oh, bunnies, fertility. Let's put those together. And then Christians came around and that they incorporated bunnies in their own way. And if you look at any Christian holiday, it pagan stuff because they had to blend it together when they took over people. So fun fact. So yeah, Easter is like Christmas. It's a big church holiday, big family holiday, big dinner, lots of candy and then a lot of. But like with more pagan stuff left over.

Speaker A: But it's especially important when you have a kid. Especially important when you have a kid. It becomes a fun thing.

Speaker B: Yes, yes. Because unfortunately my mother refuses to hide eggs for me in the night. My cat, maybe I'll have to do it for my cat. I'll have to put cat treats in the eggs and have them sniff it up.

Speaker A: Your cat will probably be very good at finding those stuff.

Speaker B: Yeah, potentially not as good as a dog, but we'll see. What about you? Are you doing anything for the weekend?

Speaker A: Well, not really. Yesterday was a holiday, so I was working, but still took it slow, nice and easy. Went to the park to work, went to a cafe, a park, do some work.

Speaker B: That's what was yesterday.

Speaker A: Went to a park and. And a cafe, like, you know.

Speaker B: No, you said it was a holiday.

Speaker A: Good Friday.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah.

Speaker A: Oh my God.

Speaker B: See, that one's 100% Christian. So I don't care about it. Well, I mean, I care about it, everything. I am not Christian.

Speaker A: So you're not?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: Oh, what are you then?

Speaker B: Agnostic.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: If you know what that is.

Speaker A: I don't know, Mahat, what do you know?

Speaker B: Because sometimes people have the wrong idea of it.

Speaker A: Oh, my God. Well, I'd say that you are not very religious. That's what I'd say.

Speaker B: No, not very religious usually implies that you're a little religious.

Speaker A: Okay, so you're not at all. You're against it?

Speaker B: No, that's atheist. Okay, so atheists.

Speaker A: Agnostic.

Speaker B: Atheists say. Atheists are the ones who say there is nothing. There is no God. You'll become worms when you die. There's nothing out there. Ghosts aren't real. Maybe aliens, depending on the guy. Agnostic is saying there's a bunch of religions. Maybe one is right, maybe not. I'm just a human. Who am I to say? It's kind of the general idea of maybe there's a God, maybe there's not. I'm not going to worship anything because I don't strongly believe the one true path of Any of these things.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: For me personally, it means I don't think I, I'm not Christian. I don't believe in any of that stuff. But there's a bunch of religions, so maybe there is something.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: There's been billions of people who have been religious. Maybe they're onto something. I don't know. I just, I personally don't believe in any particular religion. That's what that means. I believe that it's just as plausible that there's a Christian God as the Greeks got it. Right. You know, maybe the Christians, maybe the Egyptians, maybe there is nothing. I don't know. I wouldn't be surprised at anything if I died at this point.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: That's what agnostic means.

Speaker A: When do they usually go to the church? On Easter? Like is it today or is it like on Good Friday?

Speaker B: Probably both, I would think. No, because today's Saturday is Easter. Today or tomorrow?

Speaker A: Easter.

Speaker B: It's Sunday. It's tomorrow.

Speaker A: Oh, okay. Tomorrow. Okay.

Speaker B: Oh, so you're over here. Like, how can you, how can you not know when Good Friday is when you don't know Easter is tomorrow? Shame, shame.

Speaker A: I'm trying to figure it out. Well, I have a friend who was talking about going to the church and I was wondering, when is that?

Speaker B: I think both if you're super religious, if you're like medium religious, you only go on Easter. If you're really religious, you go on both, I think.

Speaker A: Okay, I see.

Speaker B: Because it is a big church holiday. Yeah. So they'll go do their stuff and we can go ahead and do ours. So class wise, last time we talked about keywords, key times, journaling, just trying to incorporate class into life. How has that been going? Did you pick any keywords

Speaker A: instead? What I did this week, I did better. Okay, this.

Speaker B: What did you. Did?

Speaker A: I. I took almost an hour, probably a little bit more than that, to go over the teas and the stop sounds you can say, but, you know, I couldn't cover everything because there's a lot of things I was surprised to see there. There are so many things.

Speaker B: There are. There's a lot.

Speaker A: Yeah. And some of them are a little bit confusing still now when I was going through them, the rules, and it didn't really look like for two of them they didn't have rules. Rather they're specifying a bunch of things and it's difficult to remember. So maybe that's something that you can simplify. You probably simplified that before, but I forgot what you said anyway, so. Yeah, that's what I was Looking at. And I think I did better.

Speaker B: So what were you looking at specifically?

Speaker A: I was looking at all the rules for tea. So I'll tell you in a second. One second.

Speaker B: So you said you were able to look at some. And how do you feel about each one? So the big ones, like glottal and flap, how are you feeling?

Speaker A: Well, flap is fine. I get the rule, but it's also a little bit confusing. I'll say, like, with what we. Like, where does it exactly happen? Because the flap.

Speaker B: Right. Yep.

Speaker A: The flap.

Speaker B: Like in water.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. No, it's. It's. Like if you open the presentation, there are so many rules. Right. Use flap, T between two vowels, r and a vowel, and arc out like. It's so difficult to remember where.

Speaker B: Let me simplify it a little bit. Let me. Let me go ahead and try to ease your mind. The general rule for flap. So what does it say can come first in the flap?

Speaker A: It says vowel can come first. Oh, even R can come first. So I'll say a vowel and L, R. Mn. Is that the rule? I forgot what you said.

Speaker B: Here's the rule, so I sent it in the chat. Let me break down this amazing Alphabet I've got going on. So if you have an R or a vowel before the T, and an R, a vowel or an L after the T, and it's not stressed, that's when it happens. So all you have to remember is R and val before and after. And then you just after L, add L to the end R and vowel before and after. Or if there's a vowel after too.

Speaker A: And when you say snot, stressed is the last syllable that you're talking about

Speaker B: after T, the syllable that would have the flap in it. So, for example, attack,

Speaker A: that will be stressed.

Speaker B: Yeah. So the first part is schwa. The second part is stressed tack. So since the one with T is stressed, the tack, it's going to be a true T. So the real rule is R and vowel, T, R and vowel unstressed. That's the rule.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay. Okay. Yeah. That simplifies it a lot.

Speaker B: Yeah. It's much easier than trying to remember R and val and then val and val and then R and l and then val and r, and then all of those different ones. This is the simplification.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then you said the other big one is the glaton.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay. That one is, I'd say more simple, but again, there are some rules. Like. But it's simple. It's. It can be defined. It just said when T comes For M and r and N syllables.

Speaker B: So.

Speaker A: Right. That's. That's why it becomes simple.

Speaker B: Yeah. If, if it's a T before N, basically you, you keep in mind sometimes it's going to be spelled with a vowel. Like kitten has that E. Kitten. Cotton has O. Kitten, cotton, mitten.

Speaker A: The N sound.

Speaker B: Yes, N sound. Cotton, mountain, fountain.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: That's. That's when you have glottal.

Speaker A: Right. Okay. Yeah. I, I took a look at those. So American T and D and then flap T, Flap D and then a glottal T. And I was looking at the reductions. I couldn't look at all of the reductions. But T +U and R. T +YU is very simple. It's normal. I just do it. So. So I don't need to worry too much about that. T plus R is interesting. Oh, I, I think T plus U is also interesting. When you have. It's between two words in between the same word, it's okay. But when it's two words, I never have done that. So that's something that I have to take into consideration. N plus D is something.

Speaker B: Yeah. Give me an example. You said you've never done what?

Speaker A: Like, like, don't you. You just pronounce that tsch right.

Speaker B: You can. So with the. You particularly like, don't you? Did you? Did ya? Did ya? Would ya? That's pretty casual. So it's optional. It's optional as well. So it's good to know why you hear it. Like if you hear someone say did ya? It's good to know what the heck they're doing there. But it's optional. You don't have to use did ya? Would ya? Could you.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah. As much as I can avoid.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So in actual speaking, how do you feel about them?

Speaker A: I think I, I still need to keep on practicing these because there's so much going on. And also with the final stop sounds. I know. Final stop. It's just in most cases we eliminate the second part of it. Like, we don't do the release, but

Speaker B: there are release with the S. Release.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah,

Speaker B: yeah. So that's when you do that. All right, let's. Let's go ahead and do a couple practices. So I'll go to a. I'll go ahead and do a reading and then we can do something else that I'm thinking of. So go ahead and open that. Find something interesting.

Speaker A: Okay, let's do it. Something interesting.

Speaker B: Yes, hopefully something interesting. I mean, if you're in the mood to read something boring, you can find that, but up to you.

Speaker A: How about something with a tariff?

Speaker B: Something with what?

Speaker A: Tariffs.

Speaker B: So, student favorite. I've.

Speaker A: Is that what people are reading to you?

Speaker B: It's what people have been picking nowadays, yeah.

Speaker A: Oh, okay.

Speaker B: You want to read about this something? The best part about it is I had to explain what a bloodbath is.

Speaker A: I was looking for something on cats, but I cannot find anything.

Speaker B: Crazy old cat lady. Nothing about Easter either. Come on.

Speaker A: Yeah,

Speaker B: okay.

Speaker A: Oh yeah, let's read this one. Tourist arrested for visiting forbidden Indian Island.

Speaker B: Oh, okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, okay.

Speaker B: Also a fan favorite.

Speaker A: Really?

Speaker B: This people like tariffs and forbidden islands, I guess. I don't know.

Speaker A: Actually I thought that that's something that you didn't hear about.

Speaker B: No, I had a couple other students from India who were like, oh, let's read about that. So you'll have to actually read it and let me know if you've heard about this island before. So go ahead.

Speaker A: Well, you know all about it by now.

Speaker B: I know some of it, but if you've heard about it before, maybe you can give me some more details. After we read it you could be like, oh, I heard about this.

Speaker A: And okay, I see. Alright. Indian police have arrested an American tourist for allegedly traveling to a remote island to visit one of the world's most isolated tribes. The island, North Sentinel is part of the Andaman and Nicobar archipelago in the Bay of Bengal, around 1200 kilometers east of the Indian subcontinent. It is approximately 60 square kilometers in size. North Sentinel is a protected area and home to the Sentinelese people, an indigenous tribe who have fiercely defended their isolation from the outside world. The tourist made the prohibited journey to the island. He did not make contact with the islanders, but he did leave them with a can of Diet Coke anti coconut. He could face up to five years in prison. The Indian government has barred outsiders from visiting North Sentinel island. This is to protect the unique Sentinel's way of life. It is also to shield the inhabitants from modern ls. The a spokeswoman of a foreign nonprofit group that protects isolated tribes said it's very well known that uncontacted people have no immunity to common outside diseases like flu or measles, which could completely wipe them out. Survival International said the Sentinelese are the most isolated indigenous people in the world. In the past few decades, the islanders have killed several people who have attempted to visit the island. The recently arrested tourist described himself as a thrill seeker.

Speaker B: First thing my student said last time they read this was of course it would be an American. Of course.

Speaker A: Yeah, this person was an YouTuber. I think was what YouTuber went there for views.

Speaker B: Oh my God. So have you heard about this island before? Have you heard about this tribe?

Speaker A: Yes, my parents. I think it was just my mom with her groom. No, no, I think it's the family who went there. I never went there, but I mean, not to this island, but the Andaman and Nicobar archipelago, that's a famous tourist destination. So yeah, from there you get to see this island from afar with a binocular maybe, but you don't get to go there.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you get to peek at it, but you're not able to go. Go up and give them coke and coconuts.

Speaker A: Yeah, no one would even agree to take you there. But I don't know how this person managed.

Speaker B: I mean, I don't know, bribery. Stole their own. Maybe they rented a canoe. I don't know, maybe they just put a bunch of coconuts together and floated over on the coconuts. That's what I think happened.

Speaker A: By the way, this beach is really good. I mean usually you will see in India the beaches are not. I don't like that. But this one is different. This one. And then luxury. Few beaches are very different.

Speaker B: What's better about this one?

Speaker A: It's clean water, it's blue. You get to see those squirrels. What do you say? Coral reefs.

Speaker B: Coral reefs, yeah.

Speaker A: So you get to see all those here. It's beautiful.

Speaker B: All right. And what's. Is water usually not pretty and clear up beaches or is it the beach itself? Like in Michigan we have. A lot of. A lot of our natural beaches are just rocks instead of the sandy beaches. Because we're. A lot of our sandy beaches are man made.

Speaker A: Right. So yeah. Okay. It's just that the water is not in most beaches it will not be that color that you really like, green. And you know, you don't get to see that. And also it's the vibe that changes when it's local people.

Speaker B: It's a bit different from the local tribes.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, not local tribes. You don't get to see tribes everywhere. It's just the tribes here.

Speaker B: So I meant this particular tribe.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, no, this is fine. This is beautiful. But I just meant the others. It's just the vibe is different. People go to beaches to probably

Speaker B: like

Speaker A: get a tan and all. You don't see those things happening in most beaches in India.

Speaker B: Fair enough.

Speaker A: Probably.

Speaker B: Probably. Where?

Speaker A: In Goa.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. Fair enough. Yeah. All right, let's go ahead and go over some words real quick.

Speaker A: Sure, let's do that. Okay. Archipelago, please tell Me?

Speaker B: How do you say this?

Speaker A: Archipelago.

Speaker B: Archipelago.

Speaker A: Ah, okay, sure.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Archipelago.

Speaker B: And then what's going on here? How did you say it?

Speaker A: 1200 kilometers.

Speaker B: So you dropped the S, I think just because the S isn't written there as it. Because it says km instead of kilometers. You said 1200 kilometer. So do make sure that you are inserting that S though. All right. And the next one.

Speaker A: Defended.

Speaker B: Defended.

Speaker A: Defended. Okay, defended.

Speaker B: So usually this is going to happen without remembering all the different rules for stress. Just remember, usually the stress is going to be a little bit further down in a verb. So like attack, defend, retain. So that's one reason retain and attack have the T that's actually pronounced is because it's in the stressed syllable. So it also means that the schwas are usually a little bit earlier, like defend.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And what's the next one?

Speaker A: Journey.

Speaker B: Yes, journey. I think you pronounce like the O and the U. A bit like journey. So it is a schwa. R. So J. R. Journey.

Speaker A: Journey. Yeah.

Speaker B: What's the next one?

Speaker A: Government.

Speaker B: What are you doing with that tea?

Speaker A: That'll be. That'll be unreleased. Government.

Speaker B: Yes, government. And the next one?

Speaker A: Visiting.

Speaker B: What are you doing with that tea?

Speaker A: I think this one is released.

Speaker B: Why?

Speaker A: Well, it has a vowel before it. I get that. But then it's. We also have ing after it. Like it's a suffix.

Speaker B: Yeah. So it doesn't matter if it's a suffix.

Speaker A: Doesn't matter. Oh, okay, okay.

Speaker B: As long as it's not stressed.

Speaker A: Okay. Visiting. So then unreleased.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Stop.

Speaker B: So visiting. Visiting. The flap.

Speaker A: Flap.

Speaker B: T. It's flap.

Speaker A: So if you just visit, then it will be an unreleased tea.

Speaker B: Yeah, just visit is unreleased. Visiting is a flap.

Speaker A: How do I remember that?

Speaker B: Just remember that T is very susceptible to its environment, so you have to look at it word for word. You can't always connect the original to the new one. For some sounds you can do that for example, Doctor, but you can't do that for T. T is going to change with any situation it's in.

Speaker A: Could you do something like. I know that you wrote that rule above R vowel. And then that was for flap. T. Yeah, yeah. Could you edit that message and add flat T rules?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, sure. Let's go ahead and go through these and then I can go ahead and do that. What's the next word?

Speaker A: Okay. Illness. Illnesses.

Speaker B: Yes. Remember, it's multiple illnesses. Multiple, Many, many different illnesses. Such as?

Speaker A: Such as something. I don't know. What was that? Oh, okay. Such as measles. I don't know.

Speaker B: Measles.

Speaker A: Measles. Okay. I never heard of that. What is measles?

Speaker B: Measles are a disease that most western people would be immune to now. But it's one of those diseases where if we get it now, it's just like, eh, we just have a little bit of measles. It's like basically extinct, but back in the day it used to be quite common and it could kill. Not like all the time, but if you got measles and you died, it wouldn't be super surprising either.

Speaker A: Okay. All right. And then islanders and island.

Speaker B: Yeah, islanders.

Speaker A: Islanders. Oh yes, you mentioned that. That A is pronounced almost as I. Yeah.

Speaker B: So that's a type of schwa. It's a high schwa. Island. Island. Islanders.

Speaker A: Islanders. Okay. And also island.

Speaker B: Island. Yep, Island.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: All right. Any questions on those?

Speaker A: No, I mean, Yeah, I have to. I mean it will get better if I just simply take some time to do what you discussed, what we discussed last weekend.

Speaker B: We're gonna go ahead and do a little bit of that right now, if you have a minute.

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker B: Go ahead and open. Let's. Let's go ahead and do the flap together and then I'll let you go open the flat practice sheet.

Speaker A: Worksheet or practice sheet.

Speaker B: So here's what you're going to do. You're going to click on the practice sheet. You're going to take a second, you're going to look through these words and you're going to find three words. Three to three to five. At least three words that you would use quite frequently. I'll even find the first one for you, key words. The first one you're going to use is water.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, water.

Speaker B: I feel like water is a common enough word.

Speaker A: Yeah, sure. Let's see what else. Well, whenever I have to say AI, I'll just say artificial. Artificial intelligence.

Speaker B: Artificial.

Speaker A: Yeah, artificial intelligence. So let's use artificial. Probably that will be one I can force myself to use. And let's see what else.

Speaker B: No, that's good. If it's a common word, but you still have to adjust to it, that's the perfect example of what keywords are for.

Speaker A: No, I say AI and prolay. How to change that to artificial intelligence? I never speak.

Speaker B: What's one more word that you would use quite a bit or that you can use quite a bit? So maybe it's not one that you use a lot now, but maybe you can look through and be like little. I can start saying little a lot. I can be like, sorry, I'm a little late. Sorry, I'm a little tired. I don't know. Something like that.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, let's do that one. Yeah.

Speaker B: All right. There you go, Little. There you go. We found your keywords. All you have to do with your keywords is make sure that you're pronouncing them correctly when you say these words. Water, artificial, little.

Speaker A: Okay. Water, artificial, and little.

Speaker B: Yeah. So if you're talking to someone and you're like, hey, hey, give me a second, I gotta go give a little water to my artificial plant. There you go. That's like the perfect practice.

Speaker A: Sure. Maybe instead of typing in the chat that I'm a little tired, I'll just voice record and sing.

Speaker B: Exactly, exactly. You'll be like, you'll. You can type out, hey, sorry, I'm. And then you'll just voice record little and then type for the rest, tired. I can't go out tonight. So that's what you'll do. And this actually works quite well because they're all in different environments. Water is between a vowel and an R. Artificial is between two vowels, and then little is between a vowel and an L. So they're totally different and they're a good way to branch off. So just use these as your keywords and try to find a time to do key times where you focusing. Where you focus on more flaps in general during like a five, ten minute span.

Speaker A: Right. And you know what? Maybe I'll just attend one AI event this time this week. And then you just. Instead of saying AI, you just say artificial. Artificial. Artificial.

Speaker B: Exactly. Exactly. It's going to take years of your life, but.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Do you know how much time you save by saying AI? All right, well, you can let me know how that works later. If you see anything for Easter, let me know. Let me know if you see the Easter bunny, and I'll see you next week. Okay?

Speaker A: Yep, Sounds good. All right, have a good night.

Speaker B: Bye.

