Transcript for: Recording__728.mp4
Title: Recording #728
============================================================

One thing that would be super helpful with this short I long E is if you go to the long E practice. Let's start with the middle. Okay. Before I do that, you know what? I just started recording, so I'll just summarize quickly in a second. So short I, short E, you will never see that in the end because there is just no way we can stress it that much. But long E, for example, it. It is something in the end. We do see that in the end. Of course, it's also in the middle and in the beginning. But anyway, that's what I want to summarize. Yes. Basically, for most short vowels, you will never find at the end of the word. Schwa is an exception. It's the only short vowel for the most part where you will find it at the end of a word. Sure. I you will never find at the end of the word. So that can be helpful because when we go to our long E practice, I want you to read the first ten word and sentence for middle. Okay. First ten. Okay. A big sneeze and sentence too. Yes. Please cover your mouth and nose when you sneeze. At the beach. She woke up early to run on the beach. Meeting today. There is a meeting today at 3 mean temperature. The mean daily temperature temperatures are mild. Medium T shirt. Do you have this T shirt in a medium size team player? He is a very motivated team player. Baked beans. A full English breakfast includes baked beans. Cheap product. This is a really cheap. Sorry. This is a really cheaply made product. Window seat. I always prefer the aisle seat on a long flight. Me too. Fell asleep. She fell asleep on the way home. Good. So actually I would like for you to tell me what you hear so it's sounding better. It's definitely not completely turning the long E into short I anymore. It's still not completely into long e. It's kind of like a mix between. For the most part. Yeah. This is what I observed when I was actually practicing a little bit today. I was watching the recording and what I saw is for words like beach or sheet, I mean, when I was pronouncing it last time, I was really pronouncing it like short with short I. Yes. I thought, I know what short I sounds like right now. I thought that that's not the way to go. Let's just go deep into E. Just pronounce it as E. Um, and probably that will make some difference. Yeah, definitely. You have to have a good handle on both. Right. I would like you to read the four sentence four and six And I want you to pay attention to daily and very. And actually, if you read 8 and pay attention to cheaply as well. So 4, 6, 8. And pay attention to what happens when you hear it at the end. The sentences. Yes. Okay. That mean. The mean daily. Temperatures are mild. The mean daily. Yeah, it's. It's different. And I cannot do that same thing when I'm pronouncing the word mean. Go ahead and read the others. Yeah, sure. He's a. A very motivated team player. He's a very. Not sure. Okay, then the eighth one. This is a really cheaply made product. Cheaply. Yeah. I see. So something that I noticed for cheaply is that towards the end, although it's not how I was practicing the Y sound, the tip of the tongue was kind of dropping. Not too much, but it was dropping to some extent. That's what I noticed. What dropping at which part of the word last in the end? Why? Yeah. What about the other ones? Daily and. Okay, let's try again. He's a very. Very is different for the R. Probably. I'm not noticing that drop. And the mean daily. Daily is similar to cheaply. Yeah. So it's probably not so much that you're dropping it for the long E with the movement. It's probably that your mouth is resetting. Okay. So you might notice that with any word you say for that, your mouth kind of automatically resets. So if you say a. A full. So any. Any word really that you say, for the most part, if it's not overly stressed or overly difficult, your tongue's going to just kind of go back to the bottom and prepare for the next word. So it's not really a long E thing, I would say for most people, it's more that it's at the end of a word. So try to focus on when exactly the sound cuts off. But we'll get to that in just a moment because we're going to go over long E at the end of the word in general. But could you hear the difference between when it was at the mid at the end and in the middle? Well, there could be a difference in how it sounds, but I'm having trouble noticing how the tongue movements are when I'm pronouncing it in the middle. But you do hear the difference? Yes. All right, perfect. So if you hear the difference, that's the first part. So you could hear that even in the word cheaply. You're supposed to have two long E. Is there cheap and lee cheaply. You could even hear when you said it was more like Chipley. So even though within the word, you had two different kind of long E's. So let's go to longi at the end. Okay. For this one, I just want you to read the first 10. You don't have to read the sentences this time, just the first 10. And I just want you to notice how much easier it is to say at the end of the word and how most of these words are probably going to sound like the long E that you want. Okay. Bee sting. Tea or coffee. Oak tree. Flea market. Master's degree. New trainee. Free pizza. Nobody else. Master key. Cherry pie. So are you hearing or kind of feeling how these are a little easier? These are natural. I mean. Yes. Yeah, this is easier because you couldn't confuse it with shore I Unless you really, really try. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Even if I would have to say, like, specifically, okay, Bi t coffee. It would be very, very difficult for me, even as a native speaker. So of course your brain kind of subconsciously says these a lot easier because short sounds don't really have the strength to be at the end of the word, whereas this one does. So it's much harder to confuse the two here. Yeah. Back to what you were saying with kind of dropping this out, all that fun stuff. I want you to read the next 10. I want you to read the word and the sentence this time. So, like 11 through 20. And I want you to tell me as you're paying attention to the movement you said specifically with dropping, if it happens the same in a sentence, sentence versus when you read it by itself. Say that one more time, please. So I'd like for you to read the next few, like 11 to 20, word and sentence. And I want you to go back to that dropping you've mentioned. You said it drops at the end. How far did you say it drops? Okay, how far? Yeah, let's see. So how far did you notice with the other ones? I. I actually didn't notice the drop this time. Is that supposed to happen, by the way? What I noticed was that at least the tongue was in the front, you know, the Y position. You can say. Yeah, the drop. I. I noticed that this time. Is that what I can. I should expect? I forgot if it is supposed to drop. So for the Y sound, it drops. So if you say like, yes, yellow. So the sound, it drops for sure, like very dramatically. Yeah, yeah, yeah. With the position E E. It doesn't. The tip of the tongue, if you remember, it comes up to the canines and it's Lower. Okay. So it will be dropped in. In the sense that when you start with long E, it's going to be maybe further back. And then as it goes forward into Y position, the tip of the tongue will be lower. So it might be helpful to review where exactly Y position is. Where the tip of the tongue kind of is lower after the canines. Your whole tongue should not be dropping though. No, he didn't. Yeah. Okay. Okay, good. Yeah. So the whole tongue, for the most part should be up here still touching the canine teeth. Yes. Or the molars. Sorry. Touching the molars. And then as it goes forward, it might go down after the canine teeth. Yeah. But it shouldn't really be dropping, like. Right, got it. Yes. Yes. That's what I felt is happening. Okay. Yeah, that's totally fine. So I thought you meant like dropping. And I'm like, no, no, that's not part of it. Some people do that though because their mouth is just. It's like, oh, I'm done. And then it just falls down completely. But no, if your tug is just lowering a little bit, that's totally fine. I would like for you to read 11 through 20 word and then sentence and just get a feel for the sound. You could say a little slower. Don't. Don't drag it out too much because you don't want to make that a bad habit. But I want you to see how it feels. Maybe it will be the same in a sentence. Maybe it will be a little different. Just kind of get a feel for it. And I. After you read this, I want you to tell me exactly what you are feeling with the tongue position and movement. Got it. So do you want me to read the words first and then go with the sentences. Words, third sentence, side by side? Okay. Cherry pie. He wants to. Sorry. He wants a slice of the cherry pie for dessert. Parking fee. There is a. There's a five dollar parking fee for this lot. Tough referee. This referee is being tough. Is known for being tough. PhD. PhD in psychology. I have a PhD in psychology. Anyway, is psychology amazing? No, I said the psychology. The way I pronounce that gy. That is. I feel like that is too much. I don't know. Fair enough. Yeah. Psychology. Well, we could go over that, but. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Famous city. This city is known for its unique cuisine. Full guarantee. I don't know if I'm pronouncing it correctly. Feel like I'm sounding like a Filipino. But anyway, you have a 90 day money back guarantee. Speaks fluently. She speaks Portuguese fluently. Donate the donate to charity. He donated his Christmas bonus to charity. Stolen identity. Many people suffer from identity theft each year. Weaker gravity. The moon has significantly weaker gravity than Earth. Sold annually. We sell 70,000 units annually. That's a lot, I think, depending on what they're selling. Yeah. I don't know. Anyway, so what did you notice this time? Well, it's. The observation is quite the same. I'd say it just doesn't drop. In some cases, I don't notice that either. That where it's kind of flat towards the beginning. I don't notice that one either. But in some cases I do, and it's not going down the tip. And also for some words like identity, the movement is so fast, it's hard to observe. Yeah, for sure. I definitely recommend then maybe reading through this for your practice. Finding a nice handful of words where it's easier to tell, you know, you don't have to break down every single word and be like, okay, I have to know how long E sounds in every single word. No, just find a good handful, you know, five, six, or however where you think it sounds good. And you can feel it because depending on the sound before it, it's going to be harder or easier. So if it's easy for you to feel it in words like B, guarantee, or city, but difficult in cherry and key and nobody, don't worry about the nobody Cherokee. Just focus on the ones that are easier for you. And I want you to start kind of feeling like, okay, I know this is the long E. I know I'm doing it right here. So this is the position I'm going to practice, and this is the position I'm going to look for when it's at the beginning and the middle. It could also be helpful to go back to short I as well now that you have a good idea of. This is long E. I know what log sounds like, feels like all that stuff. More comparing it to short I. That way you know exactly where the mistake is being made when you're com. When you're switching shore I and long E in a word like beach or cheese or things like that. So I definitely recommend end words. Long E. Going back to short I. Maybe short I at the beginning could be easier, but whatever works for you. Now that you have a feel for both, you can compare them more directly, not just with the sound, but with the physical aspects Here. Compare them, and then once you feel comfortable, try to tackle long E at the beginning and middle. Sure. All right, so any questions on that? No, not. Not right now. Yeah, it's good for now. All right, perfect. So, yeah, that's. That's your practice. You said which words were most difficult for you for long E? For long E. You said some of them were difficult to feel at the end of the word. Okay, so let's see. What is that now? Okay, so I said identity is one of the difficult ones. And let's see. I said psychology. But I was not doubtful about the pronunciation. It's just how I pronounce the G. It sounded a bit awkward to me. I was like, too much. Stressing too much on the gui. Yeah. The G actually is a J in this situation. That might be what's kind of bothering you. Possibly. Maybe I just noticed that it's fine. I mean, I don't know how that sounded, but anyway, let's see what else. I think. What do you think about this pronunciation? Did you. Did I do it correctly? Yes. Okay. Some of them. It was maybe too stressed or a little too long, which is something that we've talked about where once you learn a new word or. Or a new sound. Sorry. Most people tend to stress it or try to focus on it, so they kind of draw it out and they stress it, which is definitely something that you shouldn't do in real life. But just for training purposes, it's okay. So if you are hearing it and it sounds weird, it's probably because you're not saying, I have a master's degree and a freebie. It's mostly because you're saying I have a master's degree and a free B. So that's why it's probably sounding a little clunky to you right now, because it is. But you're being clunky with the right sound, so that's what counts. Yeah. So definitely focus on this position. And you described the Y position and all that. I think you have it right there. So I think we should be fine. Okay. Just compare it to the short. The short one. And then actually, it might be easy right now, since we just have a minute. If you go to initial long e. Yeah, that's the thing. So how do I improve the initial long E and the medial long E? You have to practice the long E where, you know, you're saying it right. So in this case, the end. So what position did you make with the tongue to make it correctly? Yeah, that was effortless. So now I have to observe what I did? Yes. Yeah. Yes, you have to observe. So tell me one more time, what was the position and the movement that you observed as we were reading it at the end. I. You know what? I didn't observe the first position, which is the Latin I position. Rather, I just observed the y position. Okay. If you can try to observe the full position once you're comfortable with that, that's when we'll launch into this. But I just want you to read like the first five of the initial long e, and just tell me if you could feel the difference already. You might not feel much now because you haven't practiced long e at the end too. Too much. But just as a beginning idea, I want to see if you feel anything yet. Got it. So just the words? Yeah, just the words. In this case, eat here. It's easy. One of each. Even Steven, equal opportunity. Yeah. Okay, so what? So you could still hear. It's a little short E. Where was your tongue? Oh, I didn't even observe. Can I read one more time? Eat. Sure. Eat here. Eat here. It was easy. Sounded better. Okay, one of each. It's. It's getting better. Even. Even Steven. Good. That one. Actually, you had a long E on even there. You didn't say even. Okay. Huh. Equal opportunity. Good. So again, I want you to take log e what you observe and plug it into the beginning and middle. But right now, even just focusing on what you're doing with the initial is already improving the sound because you're like, oh, what am I doing with the sound? And. And then your brain's like, well, this is what you're supposed to be doing, and it's putting it in a better place. So keep practicing. This next time, I'm going to ask you exactly how you felt it and what you observed, because this whole class is about observation, of course. So I want you to go ahead and do that next time we're going to talk about it and hopefully be able to jump into our new sound as well. Sure. Sounds good. All right. Any other questions? No, that's all right. Perfect. In that case, go ahead, and I will send you a reading very quickly that could be helpful with this particular sound pattern. Yeah, And I will check in on everything next time. Okay? Okay. And let me know how it goes in Costa Rica. I. I will see you next week by.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: One thing that would be super helpful with this short I long E is if you go to the long E practice. Let's start with the middle.

Speaker B: Okay. Before I do that, you know what? I just started recording, so I'll just summarize quickly in a second. So short I, short E, you will never see that in the end because there is just no way we can stress it that much. But long E, for example, it. It is something in the end. We do see that in the end. Of course, it's also in the middle and in the beginning. But anyway, that's what I want to summarize.

Speaker A: Yes. Basically, for most short vowels, you will never find at the end of the word. Schwa is an exception. It's the only short vowel for the most part where you will find it at the end of a word. Sure. I you will never find at the end of the word. So that can be helpful because when we go to our long E practice, I want you to read the first ten word and sentence for middle. Okay.

Speaker B: First ten. Okay. A big sneeze and sentence too.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Please cover your mouth and nose when you sneeze. At the beach. She woke up early to run on the beach. Meeting today. There is a meeting today at 3 mean temperature. The mean daily temperature temperatures are mild. Medium T shirt. Do you have this T shirt in a medium size team player? He is a very motivated team player. Baked beans. A full English breakfast includes baked beans. Cheap product. This is a really cheap. Sorry. This is a really cheaply made product. Window seat. I always prefer the aisle seat on a long flight. Me too. Fell asleep. She fell asleep on the way home.

Speaker A: Good. So actually I would like for you to tell me what you hear so it's sounding better. It's definitely not completely turning the long E into short I anymore. It's still not completely into long e. It's kind of like a mix between. For the most part.

Speaker B: Yeah. This is what I observed when I was actually practicing a little bit today. I was watching the recording and what I saw is for words like beach or sheet, I mean, when I was pronouncing it last time, I was really pronouncing it like short with short I.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: I thought, I know what short I sounds like right now. I thought that that's not the way to go. Let's just go deep into E. Just pronounce it as E. Um, and probably that will make some difference.

Speaker A: Yeah, definitely. You have to have a good handle on both. Right. I would like you to read the four sentence four and six And I want you to pay attention to daily and very. And actually, if you read 8 and pay attention to cheaply as well. So 4, 6, 8. And pay attention to what happens when you hear it at the end.

Speaker B: The sentences.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Okay. That mean. The mean daily. Temperatures are mild. The mean daily. Yeah, it's. It's different. And I cannot do that same thing when I'm pronouncing the word mean.

Speaker A: Go ahead and read the others.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. He's a. A very motivated team player. He's a very. Not sure. Okay, then the eighth one. This is a really cheaply made product. Cheaply. Yeah. I see. So something that I noticed for cheaply is that towards the end, although it's not how I was practicing the Y sound, the tip of the tongue was kind of dropping. Not too much, but it was dropping to some extent. That's what I noticed.

Speaker A: What dropping at which part of the

Speaker B: word last in the end? Why?

Speaker A: Yeah. What about the other ones? Daily and.

Speaker B: Okay, let's try again. He's a very. Very is different for the R. Probably. I'm not noticing that drop. And the mean daily. Daily is similar to cheaply.

Speaker A: Yeah. So it's probably not so much that you're dropping it for the long E with the movement. It's probably that your mouth is resetting.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So you might notice that with any word you say for that, your mouth kind of automatically resets. So if you say a. A full. So any. Any word really that you say, for the most part, if it's not overly stressed or overly difficult, your tongue's going to just kind of go back to the bottom and prepare for the next word. So it's not really a long E thing, I would say for most people, it's more that it's at the end of a word. So try to focus on when exactly the sound cuts off. But we'll get to that in just a moment because we're going to go over long E at the end of the word in general. But could you hear the difference between when it was at the mid at the end and in the middle?

Speaker B: Well, there could be a difference in how it sounds, but I'm having trouble noticing how the tongue movements are when I'm pronouncing it in the middle.

Speaker A: But you do hear the difference? Yes. All right, perfect. So if you hear the difference, that's the first part. So you could hear that even in the word cheaply. You're supposed to have two long E. Is there cheap and lee cheaply. You could even hear when you said it was more like Chipley. So even though within the word, you had two different kind of long E's. So let's go to longi at the end.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: For this one, I just want you to read the first 10. You don't have to read the sentences this time, just the first 10. And I just want you to notice how much easier it is to say at the end of the word and how most of these words are probably going to sound like the long E that you want.

Speaker B: Okay. Bee sting. Tea or coffee. Oak tree. Flea market. Master's degree. New trainee. Free pizza. Nobody else. Master key. Cherry pie.

Speaker A: So are you hearing or kind of feeling how these are a little easier?

Speaker B: These are natural. I mean.

Speaker A: Yes. Yeah, this is easier because you couldn't confuse it with shore I Unless you really, really try.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Even if I would have to say, like, specifically, okay, Bi t coffee. It would be very, very difficult for me, even as a native speaker. So of course your brain kind of subconsciously says these a lot easier because short sounds don't really have the strength to be at the end of the word, whereas this one does. So it's much harder to confuse the two here.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Back to what you were saying with kind of dropping this out, all that fun stuff. I want you to read the next 10. I want you to read the word and the sentence this time. So, like 11 through 20. And I want you to tell me as you're paying attention to the movement you said specifically with dropping, if it happens the same in a sentence, sentence versus when you read it by itself.

Speaker B: Say that one more time, please.

Speaker A: So I'd like for you to read the next few, like 11 to 20, word and sentence. And I want you to go back to that dropping you've mentioned. You said it drops at the end. How far did you say it drops? Okay, how far?

Speaker B: Yeah, let's see.

Speaker A: So how far did you notice with the other ones?

Speaker B: I. I actually didn't notice the drop this time. Is that supposed to happen, by the way? What I noticed was that at least the tongue was in the front, you know, the Y position. You can say. Yeah, the drop. I. I noticed that this time. Is that what I can. I should expect? I forgot if it is supposed to drop.

Speaker A: So for the Y sound, it drops. So if you say like, yes, yellow. So the sound, it drops for sure, like very dramatically.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: With the position E E. It doesn't. The tip of the tongue, if you remember, it comes up to the canines and it's Lower.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So it will be dropped in. In the sense that when you start with long E, it's going to be maybe further back. And then as it goes forward into Y position, the tip of the tongue will be lower. So it might be helpful to review where exactly Y position is. Where the tip of the tongue kind of is lower after the canines. Your whole tongue should not be dropping though.

Speaker B: No, he didn't. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay, good. Yeah. So the whole tongue, for the most part should be up here still touching the canine teeth. Yes. Or the molars. Sorry. Touching the molars. And then as it goes forward, it might go down after the canine teeth.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: But it shouldn't really be dropping, like.

Speaker B: Right, got it. Yes. Yes. That's what I felt is happening.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, that's totally fine. So I thought you meant like dropping. And I'm like, no, no, that's not part of it. Some people do that though because their mouth is just. It's like, oh, I'm done. And then it just falls down completely. But no, if your tug is just lowering a little bit, that's totally fine. I would like for you to read 11 through 20 word and then sentence and just get a feel for the sound. You could say a little slower. Don't. Don't drag it out too much because you don't want to make that a bad habit. But I want you to see how it feels. Maybe it will be the same in a sentence. Maybe it will be a little different. Just kind of get a feel for it. And I. After you read this, I want you to tell me exactly what you are feeling with the tongue position and movement.

Speaker B: Got it. So do you want me to read the words first and then go with the sentences.

Speaker A: Words, third sentence, side by side?

Speaker B: Okay. Cherry pie. He wants to. Sorry. He wants a slice of the cherry pie for dessert. Parking fee. There is a. There's a five dollar parking fee for this lot. Tough referee. This referee is being tough. Is known for being tough. PhD. PhD in psychology. I have a PhD in psychology. Anyway,

Speaker A: is psychology amazing?

Speaker B: No, I said the psychology. The way I pronounce that gy. That is. I feel like that is too much. I don't know.

Speaker A: Fair enough.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Psychology. Well, we could go over that, but.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Famous city. This city is known for its unique cuisine. Full guarantee. I don't know if I'm pronouncing it correctly. Feel like I'm sounding like a Filipino. But anyway, you have a 90 day money back guarantee. Speaks fluently. She speaks Portuguese fluently. Donate the donate to charity. He donated his Christmas bonus to charity. Stolen identity. Many people suffer from identity theft each year. Weaker gravity. The moon has significantly weaker gravity than Earth. Sold annually. We sell 70,000 units annually.

Speaker A: That's a lot, I think, depending on what they're selling.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: I don't know. Anyway, so what did you notice this time? Well,

Speaker B: it's. The observation is quite the same. I'd say it just doesn't drop. In some cases, I don't notice that either. That where it's kind of flat towards the beginning. I don't notice that one either. But in some cases I do, and it's not going down the tip. And also for some words like identity, the movement is so fast, it's hard to observe.

Speaker A: Yeah, for sure. I definitely recommend then maybe reading through this for your practice. Finding a nice handful of words where it's easier to tell, you know, you don't have to break down every single word and be like, okay, I have to know how long E sounds in every single word. No, just find a good handful, you know, five, six, or however where you think it sounds good. And you can feel it because depending on the sound before it, it's going to be harder or easier. So if it's easy for you to feel it in words like B, guarantee, or city, but difficult in cherry and key and nobody, don't worry about the nobody Cherokee. Just focus on the ones that are easier for you. And I want you to start kind of feeling like, okay, I know this is the long E. I know I'm doing it right here. So this is the position I'm going to practice, and this is the position I'm going to look for when it's at the beginning and the middle. It could also be helpful to go back to short I as well now that you have a good idea of. This is long E. I know what log sounds like, feels like all that stuff. More comparing it to short I. That way you know exactly where the mistake is being made when you're com. When you're switching shore I and long E in a word like beach or cheese or things like that. So I definitely recommend end words. Long E. Going back to short I. Maybe short I at the beginning could be easier, but whatever works for you. Now that you have a feel for both, you can compare them more directly, not just with the sound, but with the physical aspects Here. Compare them, and then once you feel comfortable, try to tackle long E at the beginning and middle.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: All right, so any questions on that?

Speaker B: No, not. Not right now. Yeah, it's good for now.

Speaker A: All right, perfect. So, yeah, that's. That's your practice. You said which words were most difficult

Speaker B: for you for long E?

Speaker A: For long E. You said some of them were difficult to feel at the end of the word.

Speaker B: Okay, so let's see. What is that now? Okay, so I said identity is one of the difficult ones. And let's see. I said psychology. But I was not doubtful about the pronunciation. It's just how I pronounce the G. It sounded a bit awkward to me. I was like, too much. Stressing too much on the gui.

Speaker A: Yeah. The G actually is a J in this situation. That might be what's kind of bothering you. Possibly.

Speaker B: Maybe I just noticed that it's fine. I mean, I don't know how that sounded, but anyway, let's see what else. I think. What do you think about this pronunciation? Did you. Did I do it correctly?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Some of them. It was maybe too stressed or a little too long, which is something that we've talked about where once you learn a new word or. Or a new sound. Sorry. Most people tend to stress it or try to focus on it, so they kind of draw it out and they stress it, which is definitely something that you shouldn't do in real life. But just for training purposes, it's okay. So if you are hearing it and it sounds weird, it's probably because you're not saying, I have a master's degree and a freebie. It's mostly because you're saying I have a master's degree and a free B. So that's why it's probably sounding a little clunky to you right now, because it is. But you're being clunky with the right sound, so that's what counts. Yeah. So definitely focus on this position. And you described the Y position and all that. I think you have it right there. So I think we should be fine.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Just compare it to the short. The short one. And then actually, it might be easy right now, since we just have a minute. If you go to initial long e.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's the thing. So how do I improve the initial long E and the medial long E?

Speaker A: You have to practice the long E where, you know, you're saying it right. So in this case, the end. So what position did you make with the tongue to make it correctly?

Speaker B: Yeah, that was effortless. So now I have to observe what I did?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yes, you have to observe. So tell me one more time, what was the position and the movement that you observed as we were reading it at the end.

Speaker B: I. You know what? I didn't observe the first position, which is the Latin I position. Rather, I just observed the y position.

Speaker A: Okay. If you can try to observe the full position once you're comfortable with that, that's when we'll launch into this. But I just want you to read like the first five of the initial long e, and just tell me if you could feel the difference already. You might not feel much now because you haven't practiced long e at the end too. Too much. But just as a beginning idea, I want to see if you feel anything yet.

Speaker B: Got it. So just the words?

Speaker A: Yeah, just the words.

Speaker B: In this case, eat here. It's easy. One of each. Even Steven, equal opportunity. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, so what? So you could still hear. It's a little short E. Where was your tongue?

Speaker B: Oh, I didn't even observe. Can I read one more time? Eat.

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker B: Eat here. Eat here. It was easy.

Speaker A: Sounded better.

Speaker B: Okay, one of each. It's.

Speaker A: It's getting better.

Speaker B: Even. Even Steven.

Speaker A: Good. That one. Actually, you had a long E on even there. You didn't say even.

Speaker B: Okay. Huh. Equal opportunity.

Speaker A: Good.

Speaker B: So

Speaker A: again, I want you to take log e what you observe and plug it into the beginning and middle. But right now, even just focusing on what you're doing with the initial is already improving the sound because you're like, oh, what am I doing with the sound? And. And then your brain's like, well, this is what you're supposed to be doing, and it's putting it in a better place. So keep practicing. This next time, I'm going to ask you exactly how you felt it and what you observed, because this whole class is about observation, of course. So I want you to go ahead and do that next time we're going to talk about it and hopefully be able to jump into our new sound as well.

Speaker B: Sure. Sounds good.

Speaker A: All right. Any other questions?

Speaker B: No, that's all right.

Speaker A: Perfect. In that case, go ahead, and I will send you a reading very quickly that could be helpful with this particular sound pattern. Yeah, And I will check in on everything next time. Okay?

Speaker B: Okay. And let me know how it goes in Costa Rica.

Speaker A: I. I will see you next week by.

