Transcript for: Recording__1187.mp4
Title: Recording #1187
============================================================

How was thfa? It was good. It was good. By the way, I didn't get a chance to record the videos that you requested. Oh, I know. I'm mad at you. Was it too crazy? It was. It was very busy. Both days. I was there both days. But, I mean, I had some meetings, but it felt like all of the meetings are at the same time. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Did you see Susie? Like, had you met Susie in person before? Suzy? Yes, yes, I met her in person before. Yes. Okay. Yeah. I mean, you saw that. You came by our booth. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What do you think? About what? Well, just the new look. Oh, yeah, it's great. I mean, I have seen that before, right? I mean, in the meeting. It looks exactly the same and it looks impressive. Vibrant colors and yeah, new branding looks better with the broken highlights and all. We'll see if a new bot is joining, so. Oh, okay. Another minute before I'm like, hello, I saw someone. Oh, okay. She will take five minutes. Yeah, Yeah. How are things going on here in Whitney? Yeah, good. I just feel like, yeah, lots going on with the rebrand. Lots to do. Because we also have, like, those QR codes that are in the back of the pack. Right. We need to, like, rewrite that story for, like, updated brand. And then all those images have to be, like, swapped over. And then we need new images for, like, the snack mixes and the. And then there's new packs that are going into Costco. Like, they're swapping out the switch. Sea salt lime for adult pickle. So then, like the individual snack size bag, like, we're doing a new QR code, obviously, so that each individual snack has its own QR code, which is great. But then obviously just making sure that everything is accurate and all the correct. Now, obviously those will be switched over to, like, all the new images. Yeah. So just working down the list. All right. Hi, Lisa. So we can jump right into that part because Anubov is in a production planning meeting this morning with Natasha. So I'll maybe just. So. And did you have an opportunity to review it to show home? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so I didn't necessarily. On Canada, are you seeing any flags on things? Keeping in mind October to January is probably where all the delays of shipping into Amazon is. So we just want to make sure we stay well stocked on things, especially on dot com when we talk about that too. Yeah, no, it looks good to me. Everything is calculated almost according to three months of supply, so the numbers look good. I don't have anything to flag. Okay. And so one thing to note here, that's not noted here. So on the 30 times 15 grams. So this, these 1,000. Excuse me. And two units that are in this number is new brand. Oh, so basically what that means is as of today, the next. As of today we have like 1700 old brand bags. So when we hit 1700 units sold, we are likely into this new brand. So that would almost say we have like a month and a bit like we did 1100, this. So we need to change the main image as soon as possible then to the new product. Yeah. And then here for instance. So just in terms of order. So we're going to build something that just kind of gives us a guide of when new brand went into a bag so that we can come to our inventory and we can make an assumption on when we'll be in there and then we'll want to peg these dates. So if we say 1700 units. So if we say as of, I don't know, November 1, like the first week of November, we need to check how many bags or we're probably more into mid November by the time 1700 is sold. But let's target early by November 1st. We need to be prepared to update the product page or update everything to do with that product to the new image. Well so we probably need to update the main image before that because when these are going to be received at Amazon, if they see that our product looks different then they may say oh, it's the wrong SKU that you have sent. So yes. So and when you say the main. Oh, this is dot com. When you say the main image. When you say the main image, you mean the product page image, right? Like this image, this stuff. Yes, that's right, yeah. And then so if we do in that order, Britney. So we should plan and again like even if some of these have to be worked on, but if we can start with Lindsay, get this page done, this is first priority. And then we, if we have to like shut off. Like ideally she can just plug in all the new Images with this A+ content or we have to just shut it off and build new and give ourselves some time. Right. Just make sure because what's happening right now show home is we're, we're redoing our website. So and that's happening with an, with our agency, our creative agency partner. So our whole plan is whatever creative they do for our website, we'll be, we're able to pick up those assets and put over here instead of having to build everything from Scratch ourselves. So and the website launch isn't until mid November, so if we don't have so here Brittany on the A content, she can even cut some of this out like just focus on maybe these top two images to get it right or if she can flip these out to the new image, then whatever we can do to just get by until we have the actual assets from invoke. Right. So at least two changes for now, the main image and then the second image that we'll see. They can get either of the packages. We need them right now actually. Yes. So for this image do you want just the pack like the new pack or you want it a this or that as the main image? Oh no, no, just a pack. New pack, yeah. And so you're saying in terms of this versus that that would be like an a whole new image? Yeah, yeah, probably the same. So Britney, we need front and back or front and NFTs of the new pack and then one of these needs to be new look the same great taste. You will receive this or that or something like that. I have to find an example show whom do you have this or that photo Example? Organic Traditions told me she's doing the same but she hasn't done it yet. And I'm trying to get a hold of her team but they're not being very responsive so they just rebranded. This is their old brand right now. Oh wow, what a difference. Full leap. Yeah. So this is their old brand and she said they're going to be doing a this versus that. So I just don't see see it yet on any of your items. Yeah, well I sent some examples before. Right. I don't have them with me right now but I can. If you don't have them I can again look into some examples. Look for some examples. I have them because I did a little bit of my own research too. Yeah. So yeah, it's just so hard to fit things on like a square like that. But yes, it can be done. The two Ds that I can get of just the pack I can get to you like today. Not that we need them today, but that's no problem. Yeah. And then what will be good if this one. Well, the next one I was going to talk about. So this one I have to clarify but this one will be packed into the new bags within the next one to two weeks. So this order that these quantities are nothing new brand but I have to confirm if the next ones will be. So the timing could potentially be similar on both of these. So Brittany it's like this one and you might as well be doing this one at the exact same time. These are the priority. Yeah, yeah. So sorry. So the 18 pack is also new. The ones that. Not in the current. So not in this 1365. So in this 2739, 1000 of these are new. So you have 1739 old right now. So once we sell through about 1700 units, we're going to be. So. Because it just, it's going to. A thousand units are being dispatched this week. They just produced it yesterday. You know what are these new batches sent already or created on Amazon already? What do you mean created on Amazon? Because it's just a new brand. There's no new codes or anything. No, I mean the shipments are they created on Amazon? Probably. Anubhav. That's a question for Annaba, but I'm assuming so because if it's ready for dispatch or you can see it in the back end there. I'm sure if you. No, what I'm thinking is. Oh no, everything is. So I was trying to think like if there is a way of, You know, controlling when customers get to buy the new package. So for that I was thinking of creating a new SKU for the same asin. But then the question is we'll still need to update the product page images because Amazon will receive these anyway. So I mean I was think I. I thought that we will be delaying this for a while sending this new package and. No. Okay, yeah, no, we were always planning for like November. Ish. So yeah, we're about. Yeah. On time. I wouldn't necessarily want to go through like, I hope we don't have to hand hold it that much if that's the point of doing it. This versus that photo because trying to handhold it too much I think is just going to create plagues. It's. There's no code changes, there's no pack changes. It's literally like the same product. And so even if Amazon were to raise something, I do feel it would be a pretty easy communication to them or something. Again with the this versus that photo. Yeah, yeah. There are two things going on. One is Amazon saying something and another one is customers complaining. So if we have those images on product page, shouldn't be a problem for either Amazon or the customers. It did really see what pictures we have, especially for the customers. Well, I. Fingers crossed. We'll keep fingers crossed and see. Well, and you know what, even if a customer does receive it show home before like the bag literally does the bag Say on it. Oh, no, it doesn't. Oh. We didn't put it on the bag for some reason. I don't know. I thought it was going to say new look, same great taste. But it's literally the exact product if they look at it. So. Yeah, yeah. Because. Yeah. You're saying that the only reason Amazon's gonna flag something is if a customer comes in and says something. That's why early. If we're early with our photo going up, there's less risk of that versus late by early. I mean right now before they. We ship these batch. Yeah. Okay. Interesting. Because. Yes, I guess I thank you for saying that because I never thought about from Amazon's perspective. I was just always so worried about the customers. But y. That does make sense. And again, because what a customer could react and they get it and they think they got the right item. So without actually checking the item, they just write into Amazon that I didn't get the item I ordered. And that's what could trigger more issues with Amazon versus because I think they would react that way before they react like, oh, I. That's so nice that I got something new. They have to look that it's the same flavors and the exact same item. Yeah. I do have to remember that it's like not everyone who we're shipping to follows us on social. Right. Like so they. We might not know. Yeah, that's true. Okay, I'll get on this today. Yeah. So probably the sooner that goes up, the better. And again, it's good. It's a good test. Hopefully. No. Hopefully there's no disruption. So that's something to keep in mind for the US Here when we talk about it too. So I'll keep close on this. There's no bags to cat. No changes to Camelina oil. On the Camelina oil though, it looks like show home. Are you able to see. It's getting in. It's standing in. Are you? Yeah. And are you able to see like are we sold out right now? And because it's not. No. Filled. We do have some in stock. I just checked this morning and I was going to show something. If Anubhav attends, then I'm going to show him something so that he can just check how these. This inventory is being, you know, recorded on Amazon send, whether they're. When they're being marked as defective and if it is from the new 10 units that we sent or if it was there even before that. So. Yeah, because right now it's saying only four left in stock. So it Is so things are fulfilled and they're saying we're low. And so what Amazon or what Annabelle was doing, because what I said to Annaba, this is working. Whatever we're doing right now is working. So before he changes something again and moves away from their courier to a pallet, I want to send a few more shipments to get. To get inventory in here of this item. So let's not go sold out. Let's stop going sold out. So I'm going to have him ship another, like, get some inventory in here through the courier system right now, which is crazy expensive. But just get inventory in and then we'll process a shipment for a pallet. Right. And then meanwhile, show them. Because, like, yeah, even, like you're probably not even putting really any dollars here because there's like barely any product. Right. So, yeah, not doing that right now. Okay, so I'm going to update this and say total units, 10. Seems are last delivery 10 minutes. But so I'm going to say, I'm going to tell them to send another 20 somehow. Sounds good. Okay. Three farmers, roasted flava beans. A three pack. I think we're good here. Five pack. We're okay here. Was there any other volume things here that were. No, it looks okay to me. Okay. Okay. So just trying to build up that inventory on the 5 liter, which is a great revenue item. So we want to get that back on track. Yeah, about that. I see that in the last two days, we sold three units. Now we have available three available units and five reserved. Oh, four out of that one is a customer order and four are being transferred. So we know about seven. Like seven are still okay. We sold three, so I'm assuming that it's sold. The three that we sold. Yes. Cheap as three plus seven. 10, hopefully that makes sense. I mean. Yeah. So I'm gonna get him to send in like 30. Just get 30 in there right now. And then we're gonna do a palette. And the reason? Because we want to move to a pallet instead of these really expensive couriers. But in case there's some delays or issues with the palette, I just want to make sure there's at least some inventory in there. So let's just build it up. Okay. So yeah, we'll send in 30, but then I'll say, like, right after you send these, let's start. Let's put a pallet in or something. It has good shelf life, this item too. So. Okay. Okay. And then USA so saying. So this is a sweet chili three pack. There's 200. He's saying he's gonna send 42. We like to keep the US a little more stocked because there are additional delays there. So three months worth. Three months worth. So this will be new brand but I guess once we update the Canada page, the US Also gets updated. Same, right? Exactly the same images. Yeah. Camelina oil. Is this enough? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm surprised this one's so slow. It's like. I know, talk about that. Okay. And then this is the chickpeas. Do you think we need more chickpeas? No. Okay. All right. Okay. I will ship that. I will update him back on that after. Okay. This is the big to do on this. And then we'll track the rest and then we're going to say. Okay. Okay. And then the only. Did Amazon. Did Annabeth have questions in his email when he sent. Actually, here's a few things. Item deletion of unwanted SKUs. Just updating them. So he completed a bunch of deletion of SKUs. Looks like these ones. That's so great. And then. Yeah, one thing to update you on to show home is we recently diverted our website shopify to shop at Amazon. Oh. So any us. Any US Customers which it's not huge, but it's some. Any US Customers that have been shopping three farmer site directly have now been diverted to Amazon because we can't ship across the border without significant issues right now. So. Okay. Okay. Okay, cool. So maybe did you want to just give us an update show home on just Overall revenues, Canada, U.S. performance, budget allocations, all of that. Yeah. Well, and also if you remember, we are supposed to discuss how the situation is in the US Similar to how what it did in Canada overall. I prepared that that's something. Do you want to discuss that? Well, let's. Can you just do a Canada business review right now first? Just because that is the, the, the growing one. Just to kind of tell us like what's working, why it's working, where you're. What's. Because you have more budget there too. So what kind of advertising you're doing, like where you're spending your dollars and then if we have the time, we'll jump into the US or we can do the US on the next one. And again, just because I really want to just get up to speed on Canada right now and just make sure because number one, we're doing the website on Canada so lots of these keywords and strategies and things like that kind of marry with the content on our website. And then secondly, we're into Budget season right now. So when I'm. When we're looking at our sales budget and our levers that we want to pull into 2026 Canada, E Comm is one of those things that I haven't put a lot yet there, but I think that we could. Right. Okay. So let me just open a few pages on the dashboard because you know what else we need to plan for show home because did I even show you the snack mixes at chfa? I gotta. I should send you some or send you. Actually, Brittany, following this, can you just email show home like an image of the snack mixes and like what that item would be because that's going to be an. An new item show home that we can add to Amazon by January 1st. And I think it's going to be a really good selling item. It'll take some time to probably get going, but we should start setting up that SKU next month. Sure. Okay. What a perfect time for get healthy soon. Yeah, that's right. January. I would love. This is a separate conversation, but when we talk about that page and I would love to know your thoughts and if it's even legal to be like this is such a great like GLP1 snack. You know what I mean? Which it is. Yeah. Is. Is it legal to sell those? Because. Well, the reason I'm asking regulatory wise. You mean regulatory wise how you say that on Amazon without getting slapped? Because remember before, like we got in trouble for using the word anti inflammatory. They were like, you can't prove that. So that's where I was wondering if that's something we can actually do. Yeah, GLP1 is really trending. I saw supplements too. Yeah. So you know the rules. Yes. Yeah. But okay, so let me share my screen and we will see how it's going there in Canada. Can you see my screen? Yeah. Okay, so first of all, if we look at how we're doing in Canada month over month for the last one year, we can also see the same thing from the dashboard. Of course, this is how it looks like we have been consistently doing more than 50,000 for the last three months and about to touch 60. And for AD spend, if we compare the ad spend, total ad spend versus the revenue in the last 30 days, it has been around 19% in Canada, which is slightly higher than what we aim for. 15. We aim for 15 to 16%. So that's, that's a bit higher. Now going to the dashboard here. Since January this year, this is the ad spend column, the total. And this is how we have been Increasing the spend and the spend in September, you see it's almost, I would say not exactly double but yeah, almost double. Now despite that you will see that the revenue, total revenue, we don't see any significant jump there. So we'll definitely review what we have done in the month of September and where it's justified to spend more money and where it's not. And most of these budgets were of course spent on three SKUs. I'll say two in fact. One is this 30 pack. The old snack to go and the new snack to go. So for both of these queues we have all, we have doubled. We have exactly double the amount of spend in, in September which didn't seem to bring much result compared to August. So again we need to review these, where we are allocating the budget at the product level and if we should really spend that money right now or maybe save that for January when the demand is higher. And so what are your assumptions there? Show home and saying, you know, we doubled our budget against these items but actually sold less. Worth saying, well one thing is right now the demand is low. So and that is one thing. But also I don't think that explains everything. Also I think that maybe it may, it may be the case that we have spent money where it's probably not going to generate more sales. For example, healthy snack. If we are already ranking, let's say in terms of search term impression share wins at the number one spot and we have been winning, let's say around. I don't exactly remember the data because I didn't prepare the data for Canada today. Yeah. Now let's say 20% impression share and we are trying to win more by increasing the bids or launching more campaigns in different ad types. Probably that's not showing much return, it's not incremental. So we'll have to review what happened in the month of September there at the keyword level, at the search term level despite spending more. So this money that you spent, where did it exactly go? We have to review that and see where it didn't generate more sales compared to let's say August and cut down on those paint and see how we can reallocate that by subscription somewhere else. And how does like the, the promotions that we've done like the lightning deals, the back to school stuff, where does that play into like budgets and spend? Because that doesn't play into your advertising budget. That's an over and above and so did we do more of that in August than September or something or. Yeah, so we we did one. Okay, August, we definitely did something. What was that? Back to school. Back to school stuff? Yes. So. And we did that for a week, which was for this, the old snack to go, which was very helpful. And before that, if you. If you see it really started slowing down. So that velocity kind of remained even after that promotion. Yeah. So, yes, August, we had a huge deal in September. We also did it, but just for 12 hours for, I believe, just the new snack to go, which I have to verify. And that didn't see much traction. We didn't see much traction. Because of that, nothing much happened. Yeah. So interesting. So this is where if you want to take a good look at those keywords, show home and see where it softened or where we maybe. Because my assumption is that the promotions probably did a lot here in terms of driving that revenue up on the spend. So. But if you just want to validate that and then take a look at the keywords and report back, that would be good. And you see, if you compare the advertising units advertised, the sales that we got from advertisement, that unit really increased a lot. But that didn't impact the overall sales, at least for the new snack to go. Let's take a look what happened for the old one. It's same. It's the same, I think, for even the old snack to go. So probably we are overspending somewhere. That could have happened organically and definitely need to cut down on that and see what would be the other areas that could actually drive overall sales. Yeah. So if you want to ask more questions about. This is a general overview. If you have any questions we can discuss that. I'm just looking at. Because the same thing happened with Camelina oil. Right. Same thing happened with Camelina oil. Can you go back, can you go down to some of the variety packs? And I know that you're spending much. You're not spending much there or where's the, like the fava and the chickpea one? We're not spending money. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah. If you want to take a look at that, and I'd rather not wait two weeks, show home to get your input on that. So if you want to just write to us what your findings are, that's super important. So we don't repeat it into the next month. Definitely. Definitely. Yes. Okay. So what would you like to talk about next? I guess we can jump into the U.S. sure, let's do that. So in the US I did the same similar analysis that we did for Canada. We try. First of all, I have Tried to look into the keywords, the primary keywords in the snacks category and try to see how the search volume has fluctuated over the years starting from 2019. If you look at this graph, you'll see it kept on increasing from 2019 to 2022 and then kind of declined towards the end of that year. And since then it has increased, but it's still trying to catch up with what we saw in 2021 here, mid-2021. And there's, we also get to see seasonal fluctuation similar to what we saw in Canada. If you look at these dips here, these are generally around either around November and December or after January, between January to mid of the year, so June or July and then in September, for example. Here you will see this is very common. If you take other years you'll see that before back to school there's a jump in the search volume and then it declines towards the end of the year. And for this analysis I have considered these keywords and if we look at how the demand has, if we just compare, let's say this year's August versus last year, that is 2024 August, the search volume has gone up just by 9%. But most of it has been driven by healthy snacks and protein snacks related cures. Not just these two cures, but I'm talking about keywords that are related to healthy snack and protein snacks. So I'll show you which keywords those are. For healthy snack I'm talking about primarily these three. And then for protein snack I'm talking about these four. And in many cases you see the demands, they have almost remained the same in the same range. Now this is just a summary of what we just discussed. Basically, healthy snack and protein snack category has driven most of the growth of the 9% that we saw year over year. And I mean healthy and protein together, it's, it accounts for almost 84% of that growth. And I, I think that our new packaging probably will do better because of the, because of how it highlights the protein and the fiber content. So health it, I mean it takes the box boxes for both healthy snack and protein snacks category. And I also think at the same time, this is something I'll talk about more later when I'll show you the QR data. But I do think we need to review the content, the text content for the US because it clearly works very differently compared to how it is in Canada. So yeah, that needs some attention. And so are we able to do that with the asins tied? Yes, yes. You can do that. The text content is. We can adjust that. That can be different in different marketplaces. Okay, so now I have tried to identify the brands similar to how I did it for Canada. So in this case, I have tried to look at brand analytics data and the top three keywords that ranks for the keywords that I listed before and defined. I tried to define a closed group with the 17 brands that I picked here. I have eliminated, I think this name is wrong. But anyway, I have eliminated some brands like Pringles, Frito Lay, because those are, those simply don't go with the healthy snack and protein category and which is something that I've also written here. And now looking at our three farmers revenue, it's very insignificant, to be honest, if you see the market share compared to the total that you have considered. But one thing that you have to understand is we discontinued some of our SKUs this year, early this year, and that caused a dip. We also had some issues with Cameron oil shipments. So yeah, that caused a dip. But then we're steadily growing. I would say September was probably, I don't have the data here, but September was a little bit better than even August. So we are slowly growing in the US and if you look at the other brands, the here we're trying to. The ones that I have highlighted here, those are the growth drivers. So the total closed group has grown by 114%. By the way, this data is for two years, 24 months starting from 2023, January. So yes, it's not 114% is not a one year's growth. It's two years growth. So, so sorry, can you just. So under BNA, for instance, so is this, this is three months sales stacked or what's the 61? 150, 191. What are those dollars? Oh, oh, okay. So no, this is comparing the January 2023 revenue to the last month that I have considered. I have to look at the Excel file again, but I'm sorry about not including the data here, but this is just comparing one month's revenue. So this is just one month's revenue. This is the last. Last month that I have considered. And this is the difference between those two, the delta and then I'm calculating the growth. Okay, so this is month over month or these are different years of growth. This is month over month. A month. Yes, different years. But monthly revenues. These are monthly revenues. Are you able to add in that detail? Show home. So I'm actually shocked. We can see the sales of our competition. Yeah, we can okay, that's interesting. Is that like a thing that you pay for? Like how do you. Well, someone helped me out. Yes. I have access to something. Yeah. Okay, that's like. That's very interesting. Vienna is. Is again, even on the retail side and on the club side in the US they're kind of our only real direct, maybe category person. That Drizzle Licious brand is in our category too. But they're sweet. Right. And then the only bean. Sorry, so the only bean and Vienna are very direct item related. And then the other ones are a little more category related. So yeah, it's just good to see. Okay, so this is month over month. So November from 2023. Month over month. Wow. Okay, so I see. So we are averaging the three months here, last three months and the first three months, then comparing the two. Okay. Yes. And I see. So even Vienna growing and the only bean, I'm assuming grew significantly. Yeah, so the only bean is very E commerce driven, even in Canada. And these are USA sales. These are USA sales only. Yeah. Okay. Wow, that's incredible that you got this data. Show home whoever it is. I didn't know. I was like, is this like free market? Get everybody's data. What is Shameless? What is that product? Let's take a look. Sorry I didn't categorize them like in Canada. Just quickly prepared it a bad name also. Drizzalicious is just such a bad name. It's such a bad name. Britney. But man, they have shelf space like even in Target in the USA and stuff. And they do great. It's like a. Like a. So they have low calorie snacks. Yeah, yeah, these. Oh, I see. K Y. Okay. Got you. I've never heard of them. Oh, keto gummies. Okay, yeah, that makes sense then too. Candy. Yeah. Okay. Super cool. Do you want to look at them more or. No, I just want to know what it was. But yeah, if you just even go back to. And even just Vienna's investments and growth year over year. Okay. Is this year. Because I guess you're. You see, you see what their revenues are, but you don't necessarily see what they're spending. Yeah, no. Yeah, yeah. I wish I could do that. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, really? That would be really useful piece of information. Okay, so. So yeah, so yeah, Skinny pops are the ones that I have highlighted. Those are the primary growth drivers. And I haven't highlighted this one because this is really small. I mean the growth percentage was big, but really absolute number is not. Okay, okay, so. Oh, not this one. So now these are the. Before I actually walk you through this one, maybe I'll show you the advertising data. So this is, this is just 30 days worth of data. And the ones that I've highlighted, they are promising keywords. Basically I also should highlight this one. So what happened so far? What have we tried in the U.S. first we were trying to advertise for healthy snack and protein snack related keywords and those didn't work. What I. And, and this is the difference between US and Canada. The search volumes are very high in the US So if I show you for, for one second. So for. So you're saying it's so expensive and competitive against those words that even if we tried to bid, it's just beyond what we're so broad. Yeah. So the search volume is like for the month of let's say August, it's the sum of all these 600,000 plus for a healthy snack. So it's like so big that we cannot beat for them. And I shouldn't probably have gone after those huge seriflam keywords, should have probably tried to identify. That's the next step. But it didn't work. The protein related keywords and healthy snacks, it didn't work. So expensive. So turn them off. What I discovered from the search query report, search query performance report on Amazon is keywords that are ingredient related. For example chickpeas, lentils, whatever we have in that variety pack, those are working better. So I thought okay, let's turn up the healthy snack and protein snack related cures instead focus on these roasted chickpeas, roast roasted leg tails, that kind of keywords. So that worked better than healthy snake, it converted but still it's not, it's still very expensive. I'll say. Like for example, this is operating at 97% takeoffs, very expensive conversion rate is not that promising, only 7%. So that is where we stand. And that is why I was thinking maybe we need to think about the aco copy in a different way. And perhaps instead of highlighting, we will highlight the healthy and protein all those things. But at the same time we'll probably need to do something about including these keywords, the ingredient related keywords, so that you can first prioritize advertising for these and then perform, maybe get some traction once we rank for them. We can look for low search volume keywords. I mean not that are related to healthy and protein. Not exactly healthy snack. So long tail, low search volume keywords that are more relevant for our products, identify those keywords and try to advertise for them. This should be the next step is what I think. And if that is our next step for advertising, we should also revisit the SEO copy and do SEO for those keywords. And so are you saying though this column, the first column, there are these all words that you are currently trying like even the roasted edamame and stuff or just the green ones? We're trying so. No, we are. We got. This is our data. Exactly. These are the orders. These are the search terms that we are getting orders from. Not necessarily. We're targeting the keywords may be different. So for example, if we target some kind of generic snack related keyword, it may trigger both roasted chickpeas. It could also trigger edamame snack if we are targeting that in broad category, broad match. So it will then go ahead and find similar keywords. But we have got sales from the keywords that I am showing you here and there. I have omitted the ones that you haven't got any sales from. So you can also see them. The list is way longer now. Yeah. So this is what is going on in the us. This is the situation, advertising situation. I can also show you some data similar to what I showed you for Canada for example Healthy Snack. Well here you will see that. You can see brand impression share for example. Right. And you will see before April we didn't have any data. So we didn't even. These are the data from. These are based on the search by performance report data. Before this you see blank. Not because there was no search volume for Healthy Snack but because our product was not even considered by Amazon for these cures. So it didn't have any data. So that's why it's blank. Now in May we had these click share but if you look at the numbers it's 0075%. That's ignorable. Yeah. So nothing much is going on. Same for protein snack. All these search volumes are very, very high and whatever. Even though it's showing a line here, it doesn't mean anything. Yeah, same for all these high search volume keywords. But where it stood out is roasted chickpeas for example. And since we started taking these, since we changed our strategy, if you see from May, like after May, June and July, these showed some promising result. Chickpea Snack particularly hasn't been that promising. But I think we need to taste more and I think there is more growth potential for this keyword. High fiber snack. We haven't experimented much with it right now. The impression share percentage is very low at this point. But you can definitely taste so this is what I have listed here. So we cannot target those high search volume key keywords. Going to change our strategy and ingredient. Two things. One is ingredient related keywords, another one is long tail, low search volume, highly relevant keywords related to health and protein. This is what I think we need to try. And how about outside of keywords, different types of promotions. So this is keywords or you're bidding on it. But what about like targeting a competitor? Like where if they go into Vienna, we're able to advertise and say you might also like this. Yes, sure, sure. We should explore different ad types. Everything should be combined. But I think still the keyword targeting is the main focal point. That's why we'll spend most of our money, probably 60% of our money. And at this point our budget in the US is very low. Right. We have spent almost 29% by the way, in September. We have to cut that down if we don't agree to spend more. Right. But our budget is very low. So the amount of app types that you can explore is also limited. And keywords seem to work the best. And it also helps us rank organically now based on all of these things. And also one more thing that we discussed earlier, which is what triggered this analysis. You wanted us to look at the overall picture rather than just pricing. This is also something we need to consider because, you know, it really looks like a factor, important factor based on what I see. So based on all of those things, these are the recommendations that I have written here. And so if you are to rewrite that copy show, I guess it's not really rewriting the copy. You want to review the copy and find areas where we can work in additional words. That's right, yes. We may need to prioritize other words. Yes. Okay. And it's also a good time too, as we move into the snack mix of item creation to know these things when we get into writing those pages. Yeah. Okay. So, okay, so next steps, what does that mean in terms of having you review and update copy? Are there. I guess it's only kind of on this. There's only a few ASINs. Yes, yes. No, that's. I mean, are you asking in terms of if there is any feature fees for that? Is that. Yeah. Or time, like the time that take, like, is this, is this like something that's going to happen in the next two weeks or in the next month or. Yeah, right. I think in the next two weeks. Two weeks should be sufficient. And I wouldn't want to charge for this anything additional? Because we already worked on it. Right. So yeah, it's included. But that does bring up when we do have a new item, like to do a whole review of the category or whatever the new item, snack mixes. There is that fee for that, right? Of course, yes. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's it. That's it. Okay. Okay. Yeah. And so are you able to share all of this over, including your costing analysis there that you did at the per hundred gram for some of the competitors and then are you able to share that sales data too? Sure, yeah. The capture. Okay, that would be great because I need to take this to my next Susie Natasha meeting as well. And then. Yeah, just to at you here on show home. The the biggest hold on budgets is. Is two things in Ecom. We don't have capacity. Like, we literally like. And that is the biggest thing right now because we're talking about what levers do we turn on when and where are things going. And so E Commerce is on this conversation saying, when are we wanting to pull that lever a little bit harder? You know, we've proven out some things. I strongly believe we have the right type of products on Amazon now that we've done the rational. Rationalizing, we're going to have the rebrand hitch which, which would definitely help. Like you said on your packaging images, our proteins called out louder. We'll look at the copy. In terms of budgets, the conversation right now is this facility is running 24 7. We're moving into a North American national buy with Costco that's supposed to hit in January 2027. We're trying to get another roasting line. So it's basically saying investing more in this in the next six months doesn't help anybody because we're actually bottlenecked in terms of capacity in the next, I would say eight months. We likely would have a plan in saying, all right, now let's start. Now let's start thinking, kicking things into high gear because we have the infrastructure in place and we need to. So that's just sort of in terms of timelines, it definitely likely isn't going to be a significant increase in the next six months. But I definitely, we definitely will be talking about what is that increase going to be? What do we think we can generate out of these channels and when are we going to start spending that money to do it? Yeah, sure. Yes. Well, it's a good news that you are at full capacity right now. It's good problems to have. Yeah, yeah. And you know, I, at the chfa, I Mentioned something about the Instacart. And also that is something that I have. Oh, I have stopped sharing my screen. Okay, yeah, that is actually a good point because Instacart is so behind Costco specific right now because we're unlocking that business. So typically when we have a regional rotation or in January, we actually have a Canada national rotation with our item. And typically what Brittany does behind that is she times influencers, she times some meta spend specific to find us at Costco and she's done some Instacarting. But I'd be interested to know what you know about Instacart and how fast that could turn on and off specific to a retailer if we wanted it to. Yeah, I. And you know, a part of the thing is, I mean, we. In terms of the overall business, you have to think where you invest the money. Right. So one area is Amazon. And then versus if retail is priority, can Instacart or things like even DoorDash for example. I haven't tried doordash yet. Can that be a better thing to invest on? So yeah, that is something that is up for debate now for Instacart. I'll just tell you what I have done and what kind of results I've seen without mentioning the name of the brand. So I have so far supported two launches. One in the performance nutrition category, another one in value added water category. Both were in Costco US for a value added water category, our priority was, you know, just get good return volume. Yes. Support the velocity, but that's probably not the priority return. Good return is a priority. And for performance nutrition, it was more about driving volume. And for performance nutrition, we have been spending almost in the range of. I mean, we scale from 350 a day, but now we are spending somewhere between 5,500 to 7,300. 500 US dollar a day in that range, just to drive volume. 7,500 US a day. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Is this brand nationally distributed in the US like, no, regional. Like 300 stores. I mean clubs. And so there is that Costco specific or that is grocery retail, Costco specific. Okay. Wow. And we have been seeing somewhere between, you know, it's. The acquisition cost per unit is ranging between 25 to $30 per sale. So it's not profitable, but it's driving volume. Right. Okay. And do you know of that volume you're driving on Instacart, what percentage of the total Costco revenue is Instacart doing for that brand? So if, if per week they're doing, I don't know. $5,000 at a warehouse in that region is a thousand of that Instacart or do you know that metric show home or could you get it? I could talk about that. If I have that information, I can probably share that again. Okay. Yeah. Mentioning the name of the brand, if this brand is, is not a, like, they're not necessarily competitor with us, if they're interested in having a call with us to understand that strategy a little bit more. Because what this. Because this is how Costco works. So typically. So Costco, you allocate your marketing dollars specific to Costco. So I wouldn't look at my Insta. I. I would look at my Instacart dollars over and above kind of what I've already committed, but I'd like to look at it in totality. So if I know that this rotation I have with Costco is going to be a $2 million rotation, I've already promised Costco a 10% accrual on marketing and 10% of that hat that means 10% of that has to be spent on demos or flyers or TPDs in store. So now I absolutely know what my marketing and my ROI is on my Costco business with this. But if I can layer on Instacart and say, hey, you know what, if I could budget a 12% accrual for Costco and I'm gonna spend 2% on a 2 million dollar order. What's that? You know, that gives me $40,000 outside of what I already promised to do something with. And if Instacart is that something that can directly make my threshold and my sales look better to Costco to keep the. The volumes up. That's awesome. Like, that's literally exactly what we want to do, right? Uhhuh. Do you find that Instacart, when you ramp up, it's like immediate, like it's immediate almost directly to the retailer? Yeah, I'm talking about this scale within, let's say two weeks. Two weeks. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah, that's a really good point here that I need to bring to my meeting here too, because we do honestly, like, we're like bare minimum, like, what is it, Brittany? Like $30 a day right now, even in Canada, and we have good distribution. And usually since we did, since we agreed on 20 a day, what I'll do show home is like I'll just turn off the other items that are selling other stores and then just hopefully like that's routing it then to the Costco item. But. And so your service around Instacart. So for this brand specifically. So you, you. They give you a budget and then you set targets in terms of what you want as a. A roas and the unit selling on that item. How many. It's more volume based. You mentioned like how in this case, the volume in the second example, the one that I told you. Yeah, it's more like. Okay, it's like you have. You can spend about $35 per unit on ads, whatever that target is, you know? Yeah. Okay. And then you send them what, a report. Like, even when you're spending 7, 500 a day, how. How often are you reporting to them on what you're doing? Every day. Yeah. Okay, so you're sending a unit, sales and roas or whatever targets to them every day. Yeah. Okay. And so. And you're saying this specific example that is specific behind a regional Costco. It's like their Costco item. Yeah. They're in about 300 clubs. Okay. In this rotation. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And so you're setting it up in Instacart. You're making sure that it's, you know, all doing properly and then you're just watching the targets and spending against it every single day. Yeah, that's right. But I do think a better approach could be Instacart plus. I mean, and also Doordash. And I'm not sure if. Okay, so the things that are being sold from the Costco website, are they being shipped from the warehouses? Costco clubs on Costco CA. Yeah, or COM. We're not on Costco.com, we're only on Costco CA. And no, it's a drop ship. We ship it. Okay, so there's no benefit to that then? If. I mean, the reason I was suggesting that is because Critio. There's Critio, something called Critio. You can advertise on Costco sites for that. So that doesn't apply in this case. But at least utilizing both Instacart and DoorDash, I think that will help you capture sales at a much better efficiency than Investing, let's say $10,000 a day on just Instacart. It's very hard to scale. We are trying to scale to 10,000. I cannot scale that much. Yeah, so, yeah, no, I totally hear you on. It's a like, again, yeah. To that point saying, you know, instead of doing meta targeted to Costco, you're in the Instacart audience, which I would, I would assume that actually there is probably a very big instacart shopper for Costco. Hey, Brittany. Oh, for sure, because it's all just convenience. Like, all of my, like, wealthy friends who are married to NHL players. It's all just Instacart, like, they don't even go into. And it can never be me because the prices. I don't think I fully realized that until we took that Instacart meeting, Alicia, that, like, every Item is like 2 to $3 already inflated on top of all the fees. Like, it is extraordinarily irresponsible unless you are very wealthy. It's like. Yeah, but you can add your Costco card number. You know, Brittany, say that again. You can ask. Add your Costco card number, membership card number, and it will be in store prices, I think, or even if it's not in store, it will be lower than what you generally see on Instacart. On Costco. Oh, really? Yeah. Okay, well, then they should advertise that kind of two show home, because I sometimes USA is way more advanced. Is that the case in Canada, too? That's what I have seen when I shop on Instacart. Okay. Really? So. So if you were to take on. If you were to take on with a show Home, a look into an Instacart strategy behind club business specific, what would your approach be to that? So, I mean, if you want to talk about strategy, what are the components in that strategy that you want to discuss with? I guess it would be off the bat. I would. There'd be some data points I want to know. Right. Like, how many people. What. Who is shopping Costco Instacart, I guess, is the first thing I would want to know if there's any insights or data we can get on that. Like. Like, what is the opportunity? Okay, so, okay, first thing is to, you know, do you have any representative from Instacart in Canada, the company? Yeah, we do. Yeah. Okay, good. So they can provide you with some insight way beyond what you get to see on the platform. They can give you some category insights. Yeah. So maybe we'll take that to our next meeting. Brittany is kind of reaching out to get some. Get an analysis on Costco specific Instacart opportunities. And maybe that's something we add to our Costco national strategy. Yeah. I'm curious if they have and you've spoken to them recently, Show Home. Because remember last time, Alicia, we were even asking for, like, just a general, like, what type of category stores are you selling in? Like, our own sales. And they wouldn't even give us that. Yeah, so. But that was. Sorry, what was it? Plus ago like I asked them like can you see exactly like can we just get a store breakdown? But. But they have that information which is pretty obviously they have it. It's crazy. Yeah. Because I was literally talking to somebody about this the other day too and they're like, yeah, like literally Instacart has data that barely even any POS data has and they're just won't share it. I guarantee you someday soon they will for a massive fee. They're trying to get us all pissed off to want it. And then yeah, they do share some. So not store specific but retailer and region specific data at a higher investment. So they have those products with her. That comes with higher investment. Okay. And so I guess in terms of what we're kind of asking them show home is we're basically saying we are looking at a Costco specific, a Canada Costco specific budget on Instacart. And in order to build out that we want to understand the audience and the volume like of what occurs like Instacart, the opportunity basically and who's shopping that. And they should be able to give us something. Yeah. Okay. I don't know if they will be able to give you who's by whose shopping. Like a demographic, like the demographics. They should be able to give a household demographic. No, I'll tell you what kind of data they can give you or regional maybe. Regional. No, no, they won't won't be able to give you that data. What they will give you is at least in the US I haven't tried this in Canada, but at least in the U.S. they say part distribution point revenue, how it fluctuated. Let's say you were running ads, how it changed, how it got impacted because you ran ads. So okay, that's a very, I mean that's a very piece of information. Sorry, important piece of information that. And then also a distribution of let's say new to brand versus like where your sales are coming from. Is it coming from searches? Is it coming from the homepage? Is it the repeat purchase? Is it a repeat purchase so they can give you that kind of distribution? I think I find these two pieces of information very useful and that I think these are the two that I find the place to start to just kind of understand the growth opportunity or how can contribute to growing that customer. Yes. Okay. Yeah, I appreciate that and sorry we're over time. I do have to jump off here. But so I guess the biggest thing here. So one other question. So the Biggest next steps here. Show home is taking a look in Canada on that budget. Because how often do you look in on your ad? Every week. Strategies. I mean, we do every week. No, no, no. Every week. We do that every week. Adjustments. The bid adjustments happen every week. Strategy. We don't ship strategy very often. We try to do that once a month. Yeah. Okay. So, yeah, I just wanted to ask that because what we're kind of saying is September kind of didn't deliver how we thought. So I just want to make sure we look in that and you sure come back with what your assumptions are there. Definitely. I'll keep you updated. Okay. And then you're going to take a crowd. You're going to start the work on the US Working in some more keywords on some of those pages. Yes. You're going to share over everything you reviewed with us today. Brittany's going to start working on the product page. New imagery and this versus that for the new designs. And along with that, there are a few more things, including pricing, for example. Is that something that you can consider have a discussion about? Yes. So that would all come into my positioning in my budget. So if you send me that pricing, I have to take that to Natasha to kind of see, because again, there's pricing there, but then there's pricing curve to grocery retail. And so I have to be very careful how I position myself on E Commerce because our customers look there. Yeah, sure. Okay. Sounds good. Yeah. Cool. All right. Thank you, everybody. Thank you so much. Have a nice day. Bye. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: How was thfa?

Speaker B: It was good. It was good. By the way, I didn't get a chance to record the videos that you requested.

Speaker A: Oh, I know. I'm mad at you. Was it too crazy?

Speaker B: It was. It was very busy. Both days. I was there both days. But, I mean, I had some meetings, but it felt like all of the meetings are at the same time.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Did you see Susie?

Speaker A: Like, had you met Susie in person before?

Speaker B: Suzy? Yes, yes, I met her in person before. Yes.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: I mean, you saw that. You came by our booth.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: What do you think?

Speaker B: About what?

Speaker A: Well, just the new look.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah, it's great. I mean, I have seen that before, right? I mean, in the meeting. It looks exactly the same and it looks impressive. Vibrant colors and yeah, new branding looks better with the broken highlights and all.

Speaker A: We'll see if a new bot is joining, so.

Speaker B: Oh, okay.

Speaker A: Another minute before I'm like, hello,

Speaker B: I saw someone. Oh, okay. She will take five minutes.

Speaker A: Yeah,

Speaker B: Yeah. How are things going on here in Whitney?

Speaker A: Yeah, good. I just feel like, yeah, lots going on with the rebrand. Lots to do. Because we also have, like, those QR codes that are in the back of the pack. Right. We need to, like, rewrite that story for, like, updated brand. And then all those images have to be, like, swapped over. And then we need new images for, like, the snack mixes and the. And then there's new packs that are going into Costco. Like, they're swapping out the switch. Sea salt lime for adult pickle. So then, like the individual snack size bag, like, we're doing a new QR code, obviously, so that each individual snack has its own QR code, which is great. But then obviously just making sure that everything is accurate and all the correct. Now, obviously those will be switched over to, like, all the new images. Yeah. So just working down the list.

Speaker B: All right. Hi, Lisa.

Speaker C: So we can jump right into that part because Anubov is in a production planning meeting this morning with Natasha. So I'll maybe just. So. And did you have an opportunity to review it to show home?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: And so I didn't necessarily. On Canada, are you seeing any flags on things? Keeping in mind October to January is probably where all the delays of shipping into Amazon is. So we just want to make sure we stay well stocked on things, especially on dot com when we talk about that too.

Speaker B: Yeah, no, it looks good to me. Everything is calculated almost according to three months of supply, so the numbers look good. I don't have anything to flag.

Speaker C: Okay. And so one thing to note here, that's not noted here. So on the 30 times 15 grams. So this, these 1,000. Excuse me. And two units that are in this number is new brand. Oh, so basically what that means is as of today, the next. As of today we have like 1700 old brand bags. So when we hit 1700 units sold, we are likely into this new brand. So that would almost say we have like a month and a bit like we did 1100, this.

Speaker B: So we need to change the main image as soon as possible then to the new product.

Speaker C: Yeah. And then here for instance. So just in terms of order. So we're going to build something that just kind of gives us a guide of when new brand went into a bag so that we can come to our inventory and we can make an assumption on when we'll be in there and then we'll want to peg these dates. So if we say 1700 units. So if we say as of, I don't know, November 1, like the first week of November, we need to check how many bags or we're probably more into mid November by the time 1700 is sold. But let's target early by November 1st. We need to be prepared to update the product page or update everything to do with that product to the new image.

Speaker B: Well so we probably need to update the main image before that because when these are going to be received at Amazon, if they see that our product looks different then they may say oh, it's the wrong SKU that you have sent. So yes.

Speaker C: So and when you say the main. Oh, this is dot com. When you say the main image. When you say the main image, you mean the product page image, right? Like this image, this stuff.

Speaker B: Yes, that's right, yeah.

Speaker C: And then so if we do in that order, Britney. So we should plan and again

Speaker A: like

Speaker C: even if some of these have to be worked on, but if we can start with Lindsay, get this page done, this is first priority. And then we, if we have to like shut off. Like ideally she can just plug in all the new Images with this A+ content or we have to just shut it off and build new and give ourselves some time. Right. Just make sure because what's happening right now show home is we're, we're redoing our website. So and that's happening with an, with our agency, our creative agency partner. So our whole plan is whatever creative they do for our website, we'll be, we're able to pick up those assets and put over here instead of having to build everything from Scratch ourselves. So and the website launch isn't until mid November, so if we don't have so here Brittany on the A content, she can even cut some of this out like just focus on maybe these top two images to get it right or if she can flip these out to the new image, then whatever we can do to just get by until we have the actual assets from invoke.

Speaker B: Right. So at least two changes for now, the main image and then the second image that we'll see. They can get either of the packages. We need them right now actually.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: So for this image do you want just the pack like the new pack or you want it a this or that as the main image?

Speaker B: Oh no, no, just a pack. New pack, yeah.

Speaker C: And so you're saying in terms of this versus that that would be like an a whole new image?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, probably the same.

Speaker C: So Britney, we need front and back or front and NFTs of the new pack and then one of these needs to be new look the same great taste. You will receive this or that or something like that. I have to find an example show whom do you have this or that photo Example? Organic Traditions told me she's doing the same but she hasn't done it yet. And I'm trying to get a hold of her team but they're not being very responsive so they just rebranded. This is their old brand right now.

Speaker A: Oh wow, what a difference. Full leap.

Speaker C: Yeah. So this is their old brand and she said they're going to be doing a this versus that. So I just don't see see it yet on any of your items.

Speaker B: Yeah, well I sent some examples before. Right. I don't have them with me right now but I can. If you don't have them I can again look into some examples. Look for some examples.

Speaker A: I have them because I did a little bit of my own research too. Yeah. So yeah, it's just so hard to fit things on like a square like that. But yes, it can be done. The two Ds that I can get of just the pack I can get to you like today. Not that we need them today, but that's no problem.

Speaker C: Yeah. And then what will be good if this one. Well, the next one I was going to talk about. So this one I have to clarify but this one will be packed into the new bags within the next one to two weeks. So this order that these quantities are nothing new brand but I have to confirm if the next ones will be. So the timing could potentially be similar on both of these. So Brittany it's like this one and you might as well be doing this one at the exact same time. These are the priority.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: So sorry. So the 18 pack is also new. The ones that.

Speaker C: Not in the current. So not in this 1365. So in this 2739, 1000 of these are new. So you have 1739 old right now. So once we sell through about 1700 units, we're going to be. So. Because it just, it's going to. A thousand units are being dispatched this week. They just produced it yesterday.

Speaker B: You know what are these new batches sent already or created on Amazon already?

Speaker C: What do you mean created on Amazon? Because it's just a new brand. There's no new codes or anything.

Speaker B: No, I mean the shipments are they created on Amazon? Probably. Anubhav.

Speaker C: That's a question for Annaba, but I'm assuming so because if it's ready for dispatch or you can see it in the back end there. I'm sure if you.

Speaker B: No, what I'm thinking is. Oh no, everything is. So I was trying to think like if there is a way of,

Speaker C: You

Speaker B: know, controlling when customers get to buy the new package. So for that I was thinking of creating a new SKU for the same asin. But then the question is we'll still need to update the product page images because Amazon will receive these anyway. So I mean I was think I. I thought that we will be delaying this for a while sending this new package and.

Speaker C: No. Okay, yeah, no, we were always planning for like November. Ish. So yeah, we're about. Yeah. On time. I wouldn't necessarily want to go through like, I hope we don't have to hand hold it that much if that's the point of doing it. This versus that photo because trying to handhold it too much I think is just going to create plagues. It's. There's no code changes, there's no pack changes. It's literally like the same product. And so even if Amazon were to raise something, I do feel it would be a pretty easy communication to them or something. Again with the this versus that photo.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. There are two things going on. One is Amazon saying something and another one is customers complaining. So if we have those images on product page, shouldn't be a problem for either Amazon or the customers. It did really see what pictures we have, especially for the customers. Well, I. Fingers crossed. We'll keep fingers crossed and see.

Speaker C: Well, and you know what, even if a customer does receive it show home before like the bag literally does the bag Say on it. Oh, no, it doesn't.

Speaker A: Oh.

Speaker C: We didn't put it on the bag for some reason. I don't know. I thought it was going to say new look, same great taste. But it's literally the exact product if they look at it. So.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: Because. Yeah. You're saying that the only reason Amazon's gonna flag something is if a customer comes in and says something.

Speaker B: That's why early.

Speaker C: If we're early with our photo going up, there's less risk of that versus late by early.

Speaker B: I mean right now before they. We ship these batch. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Interesting. Because. Yes, I guess I thank you for saying that because I never thought about from Amazon's perspective. I was just always so worried about the customers. But y. That does make sense.

Speaker C: And again, because what a customer could react and they get it and they think they got the right item. So without actually checking the item, they just write into Amazon that I didn't get the item I ordered. And that's what could trigger more issues with Amazon versus because I think they would react that way before they react like, oh, I. That's so nice that I got something new. They have to look that it's the same flavors and the exact same item.

Speaker A: Yeah. I do have to remember that it's like not everyone who we're shipping to follows us on social. Right. Like so they.

Speaker C: We might not know.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's true. Okay, I'll get on this today.

Speaker C: Yeah. So probably the sooner that goes up, the better. And again, it's good. It's a good test. Hopefully. No. Hopefully there's no disruption. So that's something to keep in mind for the US Here when we talk about it too. So I'll keep close on this. There's no bags to cat. No changes to Camelina oil. On the Camelina oil though, it looks like show home. Are you able to see. It's getting in. It's standing in. Are you? Yeah. And are you able to see like are we sold out right now? And because it's not.

Speaker B: No.

Speaker C: Filled.

Speaker B: We do have some in stock. I just checked this morning and I was going to show something. If Anubhav attends, then I'm going to show him something so that he can just check how these. This inventory is being, you know, recorded on Amazon send, whether they're. When they're being marked as defective and if it is from the new 10 units that we sent or if it was there even before that. So.

Speaker C: Yeah, because right now it's saying only four left in stock. So it Is so things are fulfilled and they're saying we're low. And so what Amazon or what Annabelle was doing, because what I said to Annaba, this is working. Whatever we're doing right now is working. So before he changes something again and moves away from their courier to a pallet, I want to send a few more shipments to get. To get inventory in here of this item. So let's not go sold out. Let's stop going sold out. So I'm going to have him ship another, like, get some inventory in here through the courier system right now, which is crazy expensive. But just get inventory in and then we'll process a shipment for a pallet.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker C: And then meanwhile, show them. Because, like, yeah, even, like you're probably not even putting really any dollars here because there's like barely any product. Right.

Speaker B: So, yeah, not doing that right now.

Speaker C: Okay, so I'm going to update this and say total units, 10. Seems are last delivery 10 minutes. But so I'm going to say, I'm going to tell them to send another 20 somehow.

Speaker B: Sounds good. Okay.

Speaker C: Three farmers, roasted flava beans. A three pack. I think we're good here. Five pack. We're okay here. Was there any other volume things here that were.

Speaker B: No, it looks okay to me. Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. So just trying to build up that inventory on the 5 liter, which is a great revenue item. So we want to get that back on track.

Speaker B: Yeah, about that. I see that in the last two days, we sold three units. Now we have available three available units and five reserved. Oh, four out of that one is a customer order and four are being transferred. So we know about seven. Like seven are still okay. We sold three, so I'm assuming that it's sold. The three that we sold. Yes. Cheap as three plus seven. 10, hopefully that makes sense. I mean.

Speaker C: Yeah. So I'm gonna get him to send in like 30. Just get 30 in there right now. And then we're gonna do a palette. And the reason? Because we want to move to a pallet instead of these really expensive couriers. But in case there's some delays or issues with the palette, I just want to make sure there's at least some inventory in there. So let's just build it up.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: So yeah, we'll send in 30, but then I'll say, like, right after you send these, let's start. Let's put a pallet in or something. It has good shelf life, this item too. So.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. And then USA so saying. So this is a sweet chili three pack. There's 200. He's saying he's gonna send 42. We like to keep the US a little more stocked because there are additional delays there. So three months worth. Three months worth. So this will be new brand but I guess once we update the Canada page, the US Also gets updated. Same, right? Exactly the same images. Yeah. Camelina oil. Is this enough? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm surprised this one's so slow. It's like.

Speaker A: I know, talk about that.

Speaker C: Okay. And then this is the chickpeas. Do you think we need more chickpeas?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker C: Okay. All right.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: I will ship that. I will update him back on that after.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: This is the big to do on this. And then we'll track the rest and then we're going to say. Okay. Okay. And then the only. Did Amazon. Did Annabeth have questions in his email when he sent. Actually, here's a few things. Item deletion of unwanted SKUs. Just updating them. So he completed a bunch of deletion of SKUs. Looks like these ones.

Speaker A: That's so great.

Speaker C: And then. Yeah, one thing to update you on to show home is we recently diverted our website shopify to shop at Amazon.

Speaker B: Oh.

Speaker C: So any us. Any US Customers which it's not huge, but it's some. Any US Customers that have been shopping three farmer site directly have now been diverted to Amazon because we can't ship across the border without significant issues right now. So.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker C: Okay, cool. So maybe did you want to just give us an update show home on just Overall revenues, Canada, U.S. performance, budget allocations, all of that.

Speaker B: Yeah. Well, and also if you remember, we are supposed to discuss how the situation is in the US Similar to how what it did in Canada overall. I prepared that that's something. Do you want to discuss that?

Speaker C: Well, let's. Can you just do a Canada business review right now first? Just because that is the, the, the growing one. Just to kind of tell us like what's working, why it's working, where you're. What's. Because you have more budget there too. So what kind of advertising you're doing, like where you're spending your dollars and then if we have the time, we'll jump into the US or we can do the US on the next one. And again, just because I really want to just get up to speed on Canada right now and just make sure because number one, we're doing the website on Canada so lots of these keywords and strategies and things like that kind of marry with the content on our website. And then secondly, we're into Budget season right now. So when I'm. When we're looking at our sales budget and our levers that we want to pull into 2026 Canada, E Comm is one of those things that I haven't put a lot yet there, but I think that we could.

Speaker B: Right. Okay. So let me just open a few pages on the dashboard because you know

Speaker C: what else we need to plan for show home because did I even show you the snack mixes at chfa? I gotta. I should send you some or send you. Actually, Brittany, following this, can you just email show home like an image of the snack mixes and like what that item would be because that's going to be an. An new item show home that we can add to Amazon by January 1st. And I think it's going to be a really good selling item. It'll take some time to probably get going, but we should start setting up that SKU next month.

Speaker B: Sure. Okay.

Speaker A: What a perfect time for get healthy soon.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's right. January.

Speaker A: I would love. This is a separate conversation, but when we talk about that page and I would love to know your thoughts and if it's even legal to be like this is such a great like GLP1 snack.

Speaker C: You know what I mean? Which it is.

Speaker B: Yeah. Is. Is it legal to sell those?

Speaker A: Because.

Speaker C: Well, the reason I'm asking regulatory wise. You mean regulatory wise how you say that on Amazon without getting slapped?

Speaker A: Because remember before, like we got in trouble for using the word anti inflammatory. They were like, you can't prove that. So that's where I was wondering if that's something we can actually do.

Speaker B: Yeah, GLP1 is really trending. I saw supplements too.

Speaker C: Yeah. So you know the rules. Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. But

Speaker B: okay, so let me share my screen and we will see how it's going there in Canada. Can you see my screen? Yeah. Okay, so first of all, if we look at how we're doing in Canada month over month for the last one year, we can also see the same thing from the dashboard. Of course, this is how it looks like we have been consistently doing more than 50,000 for the last three months and about to touch 60. And for AD spend, if we compare the ad spend, total ad spend versus the revenue in the last 30 days, it has been around 19% in Canada, which is slightly higher than what we aim for. 15. We aim for 15 to 16%. So that's, that's a bit higher. Now going to the dashboard here. Since January this year, this is the ad spend column, the total. And this is how we have been Increasing the spend and the spend in September, you see it's almost, I would say not exactly double but yeah, almost double. Now despite that you will see that the revenue, total revenue, we don't see any significant jump there. So we'll definitely review what we have done in the month of September and where it's justified to spend more money and where it's not. And most of these budgets were of course spent on three SKUs. I'll say two in fact. One is this 30 pack. The old snack to go and the new snack to go. So for both of these queues we have all, we have doubled. We have exactly double the amount of spend in, in September which didn't seem to bring much result compared to August. So again we need to review these, where we are allocating the budget at the product level and if we should really spend that money right now or maybe save that for January when the demand is higher.

Speaker C: And so what are your assumptions there? Show home and saying, you know, we doubled our budget against these items but actually sold less.

Speaker B: Worth saying, well one thing is right now the demand is low. So and that is one thing. But also I don't think that explains everything. Also I think that maybe it may, it may be the case that we have spent money where it's probably not going to generate more sales. For example, healthy snack. If we are already ranking, let's say in terms of search term impression share wins at the number one spot and we have been winning, let's say around. I don't exactly remember the data because I didn't prepare the data for Canada today.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Now let's say 20% impression share and we are trying to win more by increasing the bids or launching more campaigns in different ad types. Probably that's not showing much return, it's not incremental. So we'll have to review what happened in the month of September there at the keyword level, at the search term level despite spending more. So this money that you spent, where did it exactly go? We have to review that and see where it didn't generate more sales compared to let's say August and cut down on those paint and see how we can reallocate that by subscription somewhere else.

Speaker C: And how does like the, the promotions that we've done like the lightning deals, the back to school stuff, where does that play into like budgets and spend? Because that doesn't play into your advertising budget. That's an over and above and so did we do more of that in August than September or something or.

Speaker B: Yeah, so we we did one. Okay, August, we definitely did something. What was that? Back to school.

Speaker C: Back to school stuff?

Speaker B: Yes. So. And we did that for a week, which was for this, the old snack to go, which was very helpful. And before that, if you. If you see it really started slowing down. So that velocity kind of remained even after that promotion.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: So, yes, August, we had a huge deal in September. We also did it, but just for 12 hours for, I believe, just the new snack to go, which I have to verify. And that didn't see much traction. We didn't see much traction. Because of that, nothing much happened.

Speaker C: Yeah. So interesting.

Speaker B: So this is where

Speaker C: if you want to take a good look at those keywords, show home and see where it softened or where we maybe. Because my assumption is that the promotions probably did a lot here in terms of driving that revenue up on the spend. So. But if you just want to validate that and then take a look at the keywords and report back, that would be good.

Speaker B: And you see, if you compare the advertising units advertised, the sales that we got from advertisement, that unit really increased a lot. But that didn't impact the overall sales, at least for the new snack to go. Let's take a look what happened for the old one. It's same. It's the same, I think, for even the old snack to go. So probably we are overspending somewhere. That could have happened organically and definitely need to cut down on that and see what would be the other areas that could actually drive overall sales. Yeah. So if you want to ask more questions about. This is a general overview. If you have any questions we can discuss that.

Speaker C: I'm just looking at. Because the same thing happened with Camelina oil.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker C: Same thing happened with Camelina oil. Can you go back, can you go down to some of the variety packs? And I know that you're spending much. You're not spending much there or where's the, like the fava and the chickpea one?

Speaker B: We're not spending money.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah. If you want to take a look at that, and I'd rather not wait two weeks, show home to get your input on that. So if you want to just write to us what your findings are, that's super important. So we don't repeat it into the next month.

Speaker B: Definitely. Definitely. Yes. Okay. So what would you like to talk about next?

Speaker C: I guess we can jump into the

Speaker B: U.S. sure, let's do that. So in the US I did the same similar analysis that we did for Canada. We try. First of all, I have Tried to look into the keywords, the primary keywords in the snacks category and try to see how the search volume has fluctuated over the years starting from 2019. If you look at this graph, you'll see it kept on increasing from 2019 to 2022 and then kind of declined towards the end of that year. And since then it has increased, but it's still trying to catch up with what we saw in 2021 here, mid-2021. And there's, we also get to see seasonal fluctuation similar to what we saw in Canada. If you look at these dips here, these are generally around either around November and December or after January, between January to mid of the year, so June or July and then in September, for example. Here you will see this is very common. If you take other years you'll see that before back to school there's a jump in the search volume and then it declines towards the end of the year. And for this analysis I have considered these keywords and if we look at how the demand has, if we just compare, let's say this year's August versus last year, that is 2024 August, the search volume has gone up just by 9%. But most of it has been driven by healthy snacks and protein snacks related cures. Not just these two cures, but I'm talking about keywords that are related to healthy snack and protein snacks. So I'll show you which keywords those are. For healthy snack I'm talking about primarily these three. And then for protein snack I'm talking about these four. And in many cases you see the demands, they have almost remained the same in the same range. Now this is just a summary of what we just discussed. Basically, healthy snack and protein snack category has driven most of the growth of the 9% that we saw year over year. And I mean healthy and protein together, it's, it accounts for almost 84% of that growth. And I, I think that our new packaging probably will do better because of the, because of how it highlights the protein and the fiber content. So health it, I mean it takes the box boxes for both healthy snack and protein snacks category. And I also think at the same time, this is something I'll talk about more later when I'll show you the QR data. But I do think we need to review the content, the text content for the US because it clearly works very differently compared to how it is in Canada. So yeah, that needs some attention.

Speaker C: And so are we able to do that with the asins tied?

Speaker B: Yes, yes. You can do that. The text content is. We can adjust that. That can be different in different marketplaces. Okay, so now I have tried to identify the brands similar to how I did it for Canada. So in this case, I have tried to look at brand analytics data and the top three keywords that ranks for the keywords that I listed before and defined. I tried to define a closed group with the 17 brands that I picked here. I have eliminated, I think this name is wrong. But anyway, I have eliminated some brands like Pringles, Frito Lay, because those are, those simply don't go with the healthy snack and protein category and which is something that I've also written here. And now looking at our three farmers revenue, it's very insignificant, to be honest, if you see the market share compared to the total that you have considered. But one thing that you have to understand is we discontinued some of our SKUs this year, early this year, and that caused a dip. We also had some issues with Cameron oil shipments. So yeah, that caused a dip. But then we're steadily growing. I would say September was probably, I don't have the data here, but September was a little bit better than even August. So we are slowly growing in the US and if you look at the other brands, the here we're trying to. The ones that I have highlighted here, those are the growth drivers. So the total closed group has grown by 114%. By the way, this data is for two years, 24 months starting from 2023, January. So yes, it's not 114% is not a one year's growth. It's two years growth.

Speaker C: So, so sorry, can you just. So under BNA, for instance, so is this, this is three months sales stacked or what's the 61? 150, 191. What are those dollars?

Speaker B: Oh, oh, okay. So no, this is comparing the January 2023 revenue to the last month that I have considered. I have to look at the Excel file again, but I'm sorry about not including the data here, but this is just comparing one month's revenue. So this is just one month's revenue. This is the last. Last month that I have considered. And this is the difference between those two, the delta and then I'm calculating the growth.

Speaker C: Okay, so this is month over month or these are different years of growth.

Speaker A: This is month over month.

Speaker B: A month. Yes, different years. But monthly revenues. These are monthly revenues.

Speaker C: Are you able to add in that detail? Show home. So I'm actually shocked. We can see the sales of our competition. Yeah, we can okay, that's interesting. Is that like a thing that you pay for? Like how do you.

Speaker B: Well, someone helped me out. Yes.

Speaker C: I have access to something. Yeah. Okay, that's like. That's very interesting. Vienna is. Is again, even on the retail side and on the club side in the US they're kind of our only real direct, maybe category person. That Drizzle Licious brand is in our category too. But they're sweet.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker C: And then the only bean. Sorry, so the only bean and Vienna are very direct item related. And then the other ones are a little more category related. So yeah, it's just good to see. Okay, so this is month over month. So November from 2023. Month over month. Wow. Okay, so I see.

Speaker B: So we are averaging the three months here, last three months and the first three months, then comparing the two.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker C: And I see. So even Vienna growing and the only bean, I'm assuming grew significantly. Yeah, so the only bean is very E commerce driven, even in Canada. And these are USA sales.

Speaker B: These are USA sales only.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. Wow, that's incredible that you got this data. Show home whoever it is. I didn't know. I was like, is this like free market? Get everybody's data. What is Shameless? What is that product?

Speaker B: Let's take a look. Sorry I didn't categorize them like in Canada. Just quickly prepared it a bad name also.

Speaker A: Drizzalicious is just such a bad name.

Speaker C: It's such a bad name. Britney. But man, they have shelf space like even in Target in the USA and stuff. And they do great. It's like a. Like a.

Speaker B: So they have low calorie snacks. Yeah, yeah, these.

Speaker C: Oh, I see.

Speaker B: K Y.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Got you.

Speaker A: I've never heard of them.

Speaker C: Oh, keto gummies. Okay, yeah, that makes sense then too. Candy.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. Super cool.

Speaker B: Do you want to look at them more or.

Speaker C: No, I just want to know what it was. But yeah, if you just even go back to. And even just Vienna's investments and growth year over year. Okay.

Speaker B: Is this year.

Speaker C: Because I guess you're. You see, you see what their revenues are, but you don't necessarily see what they're spending.

Speaker B: Yeah, no.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: I wish I could do that.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, really? That would be really useful piece of information. Okay, so. So yeah, so yeah, Skinny pops are the ones that I have highlighted. Those are the primary growth drivers. And I haven't highlighted this one because this is really small. I mean the growth percentage was big, but really absolute number is not. Okay, okay, so. Oh, not this one. So now these are the. Before I actually walk you through this one, maybe I'll show you the advertising data. So this is, this is just 30 days worth of data. And the ones that I've highlighted, they are promising keywords. Basically I also should highlight this one. So what happened so far? What have we tried in the U.S. first we were trying to advertise for healthy snack and protein snack related keywords

Speaker A: and

Speaker B: those didn't work. What I. And, and this is the difference between US and Canada. The search volumes are very high in the US So if I show you for, for one second. So for.

Speaker C: So you're saying it's so expensive and competitive against those words that even if we tried to bid, it's just beyond what we're so broad. Yeah.

Speaker B: So the search volume is like for the month of let's say August, it's the sum of all these 600,000 plus for a healthy snack. So it's like so big that we cannot beat for them. And I shouldn't probably have gone after those huge seriflam keywords, should have probably tried to identify. That's the next step. But it didn't work. The protein related keywords and healthy snacks, it didn't work. So expensive. So turn them off. What I discovered from the search query report, search query performance report on Amazon is keywords that are ingredient related. For example chickpeas, lentils, whatever we have in that variety pack, those are working better. So I thought okay, let's turn up the healthy snack and protein snack related cures instead focus on these roasted chickpeas, roast roasted leg tails, that kind of keywords. So that worked better than healthy snake, it converted but still it's not, it's still very expensive. I'll say. Like for example, this is operating at 97% takeoffs, very expensive conversion rate is not that promising, only 7%.

Speaker C: So

Speaker B: that is where we stand. And that is why I was thinking maybe we need to think about the aco copy in a different way. And perhaps instead of highlighting, we will highlight the healthy and protein all those things. But at the same time we'll probably need to do something about including these keywords, the ingredient related keywords, so that you can first prioritize advertising for these and then perform, maybe get some traction once we rank for them. We can look for low search volume keywords. I mean not that are related to healthy and protein. Not exactly healthy snack. So long tail, low search volume keywords that are more relevant for our products, identify those keywords and try to advertise for them. This should be the next step is what I think. And if that is our next step for advertising, we should also revisit the SEO copy and do SEO for those keywords.

Speaker C: And so are you saying though this column, the first column, there are these all words that you are currently trying like even the roasted edamame and stuff or just the green ones? We're trying so.

Speaker B: No, we are. We got.

Speaker C: This is our data.

Speaker B: Exactly. These are the orders. These are the search terms that we are getting orders from. Not necessarily. We're targeting the keywords may be different. So for example, if we target some kind of generic snack related keyword, it may trigger both roasted chickpeas. It could also trigger edamame snack if we are targeting that in broad category, broad match. So it will then go ahead and find similar keywords. But we have got sales from the keywords that I am showing you here and there. I have omitted the ones that you haven't got any sales from. So you can also see them. The list is way longer now. Yeah. So this is what is going on in the us. This is the situation, advertising situation. I can also show you some data similar to what I showed you for Canada for example Healthy Snack. Well here you will see that. You can see brand impression share for example. Right. And you will see before April we didn't have any data. So we didn't even. These are the data from. These are based on the search by performance report data. Before this you see blank. Not because there was no search volume for Healthy Snack but because our product was not even considered by Amazon for these cures. So it didn't have any data. So that's why it's blank. Now in May we had these click share but if you look at the numbers it's 0075%. That's ignorable.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: So nothing much is going on. Same for protein snack. All these search volumes are very, very high and whatever. Even though it's showing a line here, it doesn't mean anything. Yeah, same for all these high search volume keywords. But where it stood out is roasted chickpeas for example. And since we started taking these, since we changed our strategy, if you see from May, like after May, June and July, these showed some promising result. Chickpea Snack particularly hasn't been that promising. But I think we need to taste more and I think there is more growth potential for this keyword. High fiber snack. We haven't experimented much with it right now. The impression share percentage is very low at this point. But you can definitely taste so this is what I have listed here. So we cannot target those high search volume key keywords. Going to change our strategy and ingredient. Two things. One is ingredient related keywords, another one is long tail, low search volume, highly relevant keywords related to health and protein. This is what I think we need to try.

Speaker C: And how about outside of keywords, different types of promotions. So this is keywords or you're bidding on it. But what about like targeting a competitor? Like where if they go into Vienna, we're able to advertise and say you might also like this.

Speaker B: Yes, sure, sure. We should explore different ad types. Everything should be combined. But I think still the keyword targeting is the main focal point. That's why we'll spend most of our money, probably 60% of our money. And at this point our budget in the US is very low. Right. We have spent almost 29% by the way, in September. We have to cut that down if we don't agree to spend more.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker B: But our budget is very low. So the amount of app types that you can explore is also limited. And keywords seem to work the best. And it also helps us rank organically now based on all of these things. And also one more thing that we discussed earlier, which is what triggered this analysis. You wanted us to look at the overall picture rather than just pricing. This is also something we need to consider because, you know, it really looks like a factor, important factor based on what I see. So based on all of those things, these are the recommendations that I have written here.

Speaker C: And so if you are to rewrite that copy show, I guess it's not really rewriting the copy. You want to review the copy and find areas where we can work in additional words.

Speaker B: That's right, yes. We may need to prioritize other words. Yes.

Speaker C: Okay. And it's also a good time too, as we move into the snack mix of item creation to know these things when we get into writing those pages.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: So, okay, so next steps, what does that mean in terms of having you review and update copy? Are there. I guess it's only kind of on this. There's only a few ASINs.

Speaker B: Yes, yes. No, that's. I mean, are you asking in terms of if there is any feature fees for that? Is that.

Speaker C: Yeah. Or time, like the time that take, like, is this, is this like something that's going to happen in the next two weeks or in the next month or. Yeah, right.

Speaker B: I think in the next two weeks. Two weeks should be sufficient. And I wouldn't want to charge for this anything additional? Because we already worked on it. Right. So yeah, it's included.

Speaker C: But that does bring up when we do have a new item, like to do a whole review of the category or whatever the new item, snack mixes. There is that fee for that, right?

Speaker B: Of course, yes.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's it. That's it.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. Yeah. And so are you able to share all of this over, including your costing analysis there that you did at the per hundred gram for some of the competitors and then are you able to share that sales data too?

Speaker B: Sure, yeah.

Speaker C: The capture. Okay, that would be great because I need to take this to my next Susie Natasha meeting as well. And then. Yeah, just to at you here on show home. The the biggest hold on budgets is. Is two things in Ecom. We don't have capacity. Like, we literally like. And that is the biggest thing right now because we're talking about what levers do we turn on when and where are things going. And so E Commerce is on this conversation saying, when are we wanting to pull that lever a little bit harder? You know, we've proven out some things. I strongly believe we have the right type of products on Amazon now that we've done the rational. Rationalizing, we're going to have the rebrand hitch which, which would definitely help. Like you said on your packaging images, our proteins called out louder. We'll look at the copy. In terms of budgets, the conversation right now is this facility is running 24 7. We're moving into a North American national buy with Costco that's supposed to hit in January 2027. We're trying to get another roasting line. So it's basically saying investing more in this in the next six months doesn't help anybody because we're actually bottlenecked in terms of capacity in the next, I would say eight months. We likely would have a plan in saying, all right, now let's start. Now let's start thinking, kicking things into high gear because we have the infrastructure in place and we need to. So that's just sort of in terms of timelines, it definitely likely isn't going to be a significant increase in the next six months. But I definitely, we definitely will be talking about what is that increase going to be? What do we think we can generate out of these channels and when are we going to start spending that money to do it? Yeah, sure.

Speaker B: Yes. Well, it's a good news that you are at full capacity right now.

Speaker C: It's good problems to have. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: And you know, I, at the chfa, I Mentioned something about the Instacart. And also that is something that I have. Oh, I have stopped sharing my screen.

Speaker C: Okay, yeah, that is actually a good point because Instacart is so behind Costco specific right now because we're unlocking that business. So typically when we have a regional rotation or in January, we actually have a Canada national rotation with our item. And typically what Brittany does behind that is she times influencers, she times some meta spend specific to find us at Costco and she's done some Instacarting. But I'd be interested to know what you know about Instacart and how fast that could turn on and off specific to a retailer if we wanted it to.

Speaker B: Yeah, I. And you know, a part of the thing is, I mean, we. In terms of the overall business, you have to think where you invest the money. Right. So one area is Amazon. And then versus if retail is priority, can Instacart or things like even DoorDash for example. I haven't tried doordash yet. Can that be a better thing to invest on? So yeah, that is something that is up for debate now for Instacart. I'll just tell you what I have done and what kind of results I've seen without mentioning the name of the brand. So I have so far supported two launches. One in the performance nutrition category, another one in value added water category. Both were in Costco US for a value added water category, our priority was, you know, just get good return volume. Yes. Support the velocity, but that's probably not the priority return. Good return is a priority. And for performance nutrition, it was more about driving volume. And for performance nutrition, we have been spending almost in the range of. I mean, we scale from 350 a day, but now we are spending somewhere between 5,500 to 7,300. 500 US dollar a day in that range, just to drive volume.

Speaker C: 7,500 US a day. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Is this brand nationally distributed in the US like, no, regional.

Speaker B: Like 300 stores. I mean clubs.

Speaker C: And so there is that Costco specific or that is grocery retail, Costco specific. Okay.

Speaker A: Wow.

Speaker B: And we have been seeing somewhere between, you know, it's. The acquisition cost per unit is ranging between 25 to $30 per sale. So it's not profitable, but it's driving volume. Right.

Speaker C: Okay. And do you know of that volume you're driving on Instacart, what percentage of the total Costco revenue is Instacart doing for that brand? So if, if per week they're doing, I don't know. $5,000 at a warehouse in that region is a thousand of that Instacart or do you know that metric show home or could you get it?

Speaker B: I could talk about that. If I have that information, I can probably share that again.

Speaker C: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker B: Mentioning the name of the brand, if

Speaker C: this brand is, is not a, like, they're not necessarily competitor with us, if they're interested in having a call with us to understand that strategy a little bit more. Because what this. Because this is how Costco works. So typically. So Costco, you allocate your marketing dollars specific to Costco. So I wouldn't look at my Insta. I. I would look at my Instacart dollars over and above kind of what I've already committed, but I'd like to look at it in totality. So if I know that this rotation I have with Costco is going to be a $2 million rotation, I've already promised Costco a 10% accrual on marketing and 10% of that hat that means 10% of that has to be spent on demos or flyers or TPDs in store. So now I absolutely know what my marketing and my ROI is on my Costco business with this. But if I can layer on Instacart and say, hey, you know what, if I could budget a 12% accrual for Costco and I'm gonna spend 2% on a 2 million dollar order. What's that? You know, that gives me $40,000 outside of what I already promised to do something with. And if Instacart is that something that can directly make my threshold and my sales look better to Costco to keep the. The volumes up. That's awesome. Like, that's literally exactly what we want to do, right?

Speaker B: Uhhuh.

Speaker C: Do you find that Instacart, when you ramp up, it's like immediate, like it's immediate almost directly to the retailer?

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm talking about this scale within, let's say two weeks.

Speaker C: Two weeks. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah, that's a really good point here that I need to bring to my meeting here too, because we do honestly, like, we're like bare minimum, like, what is it, Brittany? Like $30 a day right now, even in Canada, and we have good distribution.

Speaker A: And usually since we did, since we agreed on 20 a day, what I'll do show home is like I'll just turn off the other items that are selling other stores and then just hopefully like that's routing it then to the Costco item. But.

Speaker C: And so your service around Instacart. So for this brand specifically. So you, you. They give you a budget and then you set targets in terms of what you want as a. A roas and the unit selling on that item. How many. It's more volume based. You mentioned like how in this case,

Speaker B: the volume in the second example, the one that I told you. Yeah, it's more like. Okay, it's like you have. You can spend about $35 per unit on ads, whatever that target is, you know?

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. And then you send them what, a report. Like, even when you're spending 7, 500 a day, how. How often are you reporting to them on what you're doing? Every day. Yeah. Okay, so you're sending a unit, sales and roas or whatever targets to them every day.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: And so. And you're saying this specific example that is specific behind a regional Costco. It's like their Costco item. Yeah.

Speaker B: They're in about 300 clubs.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: In this rotation. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. And so you're setting it up in Instacart. You're making sure that it's, you know, all doing properly and then you're just watching the targets and spending against it every single day.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's right. But I do think a better approach could be Instacart plus. I mean, and also Doordash. And I'm not sure if. Okay, so the things that are being sold from the Costco website, are they being shipped from the warehouses?

Speaker C: Costco clubs on Costco CA.

Speaker B: Yeah, or COM.

Speaker C: We're not on Costco.com, we're only on Costco CA. And no, it's a drop ship. We ship it.

Speaker B: Okay, so there's no benefit to that then? If. I mean, the reason I was suggesting that is because Critio. There's Critio, something called Critio. You can advertise on Costco sites for that. So that doesn't apply in this case. But at least utilizing both Instacart and DoorDash, I think that will help you capture sales at a much better efficiency than Investing, let's say $10,000 a day on just Instacart. It's very hard to scale. We are trying to scale to 10,000. I cannot scale that much.

Speaker C: Yeah, so, yeah, no, I totally hear you on. It's a like, again, yeah. To that point saying, you know, instead of doing meta targeted to Costco, you're in the Instacart audience, which I would, I would assume that actually there is probably a very big instacart shopper for Costco. Hey, Brittany.

Speaker A: Oh, for sure, because it's all just convenience. Like, all of my, like, wealthy friends who are married to NHL players. It's all just Instacart, like, they don't even go into. And it can never be me because the prices. I don't think I fully realized that until we took that Instacart meeting, Alicia, that, like, every Item is like 2 to $3 already inflated on top of all the fees. Like, it is extraordinarily irresponsible unless you are very wealthy.

Speaker C: It's like.

Speaker B: Yeah, but you can add your Costco card number. You know, Brittany, say that again. You can ask. Add your Costco card number, membership card number, and it will be in store prices, I think, or even if it's not in store, it will be lower than what you generally see on Instacart. On Costco.

Speaker A: Oh, really?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, well, then they should advertise that

Speaker C: kind of two show home, because I sometimes USA is way more advanced. Is that the case in Canada, too?

Speaker B: That's what I have seen when I shop on Instacart.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Really? So.

Speaker C: So if you were to take on. If you were to take on with a show Home, a look into an Instacart strategy behind club business specific,

Speaker B: what

Speaker C: would your approach be to that?

Speaker B: So, I mean, if you want to talk about strategy, what are the components in that strategy that you want to discuss with?

Speaker C: I guess it would be off the bat. I would. There'd be some data points I want to know. Right. Like, how many people. What. Who is shopping Costco Instacart, I guess, is the first thing I would want to know if there's any insights or data we can get on that. Like. Like, what is the opportunity?

Speaker B: Okay, so, okay, first thing is to, you know, do you have any representative from Instacart in Canada, the company?

Speaker C: Yeah, we do.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, good. So they can provide you with some insight way beyond what you get to see on the platform. They can give you some category insights. Yeah.

Speaker C: So maybe we'll take that to our next meeting. Brittany is kind of reaching out to get some. Get an analysis on Costco specific Instacart opportunities. And maybe that's something we add to our Costco national strategy. Yeah.

Speaker A: I'm curious if they have and you've spoken to them recently, Show Home. Because remember last time, Alicia, we were even asking for, like, just a general, like, what type of category stores are you selling in? Like, our own sales. And they wouldn't even give us that. Yeah, so. But that was.

Speaker B: Sorry, what was it?

Speaker A: Plus ago like I asked them like can you see exactly like can we just get a store breakdown? But. But they have that information which is

Speaker C: pretty obviously they have it.

Speaker A: It's crazy.

Speaker C: Yeah. Because I was literally talking to somebody about this the other day too and they're like, yeah, like literally Instacart has data that barely even any POS data has and they're just won't share it. I guarantee you someday soon they will for a massive fee.

Speaker A: They're trying to get us all pissed off to want it.

Speaker B: And then yeah, they do share some. So not store specific but retailer and region specific data at a higher investment. So they have those products with her. That comes with higher investment.

Speaker C: Okay. And so I guess in terms of what we're kind of asking them show home is we're basically saying we are looking at a Costco specific, a Canada Costco specific budget on Instacart. And in order to build out that we want to understand the audience and the volume like of what occurs like Instacart, the opportunity basically and who's shopping that. And they should be able to give us something.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. I don't know if they will be able to give you who's by whose shopping.

Speaker A: Like a demographic, like the demographics.

Speaker C: They should be able to give a household demographic.

Speaker B: No, I'll tell you what kind of data they can give you or regional maybe.

Speaker C: Regional.

Speaker B: No, no, they won't won't be able to give you that data. What they will give you is at least in the US I haven't tried this in Canada, but at least in the U.S. they say part distribution point revenue, how it fluctuated. Let's say you were running ads, how it changed, how it got impacted because you ran ads. So okay, that's a very, I mean that's a very piece of information. Sorry, important piece of information that. And then also a distribution of let's say new to brand versus like where your sales are coming from. Is it coming from searches? Is it coming from the homepage? Is it the repeat purchase? Is it a repeat purchase so they can give you that kind of distribution? I think I find these two pieces of information very useful and that

Speaker C: I

Speaker B: think these are the two that I

Speaker C: find the place to start to just kind of understand the growth opportunity or how can contribute to growing that customer.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker C: Okay. Yeah, I appreciate that and sorry we're over time. I do have to jump off here. But so I guess the biggest thing here. So one other question. So the Biggest next steps here. Show home is taking a look in Canada on that budget. Because how often do you look in on your ad?

Speaker B: Every week.

Speaker C: Strategies.

Speaker B: I mean, we do every week. No, no, no. Every week. We do that every week. Adjustments. The bid adjustments happen every week. Strategy. We don't ship strategy very often. We try to do that once a month.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. So, yeah, I just wanted to ask that because what we're kind of saying is September kind of didn't deliver how we thought. So I just want to make sure we look in that and you sure come back with what your assumptions are there.

Speaker B: Definitely. I'll keep you updated. Okay.

Speaker C: And then you're going to take a crowd. You're going to start the work on the US Working in some more keywords on some of those pages.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker C: You're going to share over everything you reviewed with us today. Brittany's going to start working on the product page. New imagery and this versus that for the new designs.

Speaker B: And along with that, there are a few more things, including pricing, for example. Is that something that you can consider have a discussion about?

Speaker C: Yes. So that would all come into my positioning in my budget. So if you send me that pricing, I have to take that to Natasha to kind of see, because again, there's pricing there, but then there's pricing curve to grocery retail. And so I have to be very careful how I position myself on E Commerce because our customers look there.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. Okay. Sounds good.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Cool.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker C: Thank you, everybody.

Speaker B: Thank you so much. Have a nice day.

Speaker C: Bye. Bye.

