Transcript for: Recording__589.mp4
Title: Recording #589
============================================================

I'm going to share my screen so we have all the cases list in front of us. Okay, thank you. So in terms of the performance, if we see the weekly performance for the USA we can see there was the improvement from the last two weeks after I made the optimization in the month of and the starting weeks of the April. So so after seeing the performance in the USA market from 1st April to 15th April there was a much improvement on the PPC side. So I thought to create campaigns for the essence that we haven't been targeted yet into the campaigns for example in the USA market. Let me just show you the asins. Yeah like you told us that you want to focus on the pretzels and the other ones that I found out the metabar has the good potential but they were not focus on the PPC much. So the pretzel campaigns was created long time ago but I was not focusing much because after seeing the performance of one to two weeks there wasn't much improvement on the prezi sticks so I added more keywords for the pretzel. So we seen, we have seen the good improvements in the USA but in the last week I created some more campaigns for the less performing asins but we I haven't seen the good performance for those those asin so I will decrease the beds in this week for those less performing essence. Like for example there was some ASIN for the keto bars and the keto cups that was not performing. So probably I will decrease the bits for those flavors so we can utilize the spends for the other high performing essence. Right. So that's why we can see we have deduced the orders from the 279 to 227. Right. But the organic side is improving so we need to focus on that so we can control our tacos for that. And on the Canada side new campaigns are performing very great. So our orders for the on the PPC side and on the whole side are also increasing. So I was all gradually creating the campaigns like for example for the meta power for electrolyte last week I created campaigns for the keto protein shake and the vegan protein powder in the super gains. So we are seeing the good improvement but I didn't create most of the campaigns for these essence but now I will create more campaigns like the keyword targeting campaigns for these essay because these have the good ranking on the most of the keto related and the vegan related keywords. So I'll do the search term analysis again this week and I will create the Direct keyword targeting campaign and also target those system that those performing search terms into the keyword targeted campaigns. So yeah, let's see what performance and what outcome we get for the keyword targeting companies for these ASINs like the keto protein shake and the vegan and the all in one nutritional shake. And on the USA side mostly my focus would be on the metabar and the dry burst energy drinks. Do you have any concerns or any other questions that you wanted to discuss, guys? Not from my side. No, no. For my side. I know you Johan, well and well. So in the US you are you and also in Canada is it for both, both marketplaces that you're planning to focus on energy drinks for the Canada. Let me just put it. Yes, both. Okay. Yes, both. Okay. So how, how are those campaigns doing so far? Those joy burst ones? The joy bursts are performing good. So I wanted to create more like that. Now my main focus is to create the keyword target and so mainly the search term targeting campaigns for the these new essence and for the high performing essence I will create the competitors targeting campaigns now. Okay. Because now I wanted to target. We have a very good social proof, right? So now I, I will create the cross targeting campaigns and also the competitors targeting campaigns for most of the high performing asins. Huh. Okay. This is my plan for the next week. So this week I create, I will create all of these campaigns and and the next coming two weeks I will just analyze those campaigns because in the end we don't want to spend extent don't want to spend so much because we have to analyze our tacos and the echoes and everything. So I don't want to spend more than 3,000 average a week. I mean on a week or two weeks. On a week, right? Yeah, one week. For the Canada market I have set a margin limit for the maximum 25 to 2800 and for the USA maximum like maximum 3200. Okay. So yeah, so this week I'll create all of the campaigns like the targeting the search terms competitors targeting and the cross targeting campaigns. And then in the next coming two weeks I will just analyze those campaigns and make the necessity optimization. For example if any of the campaign is not getting the much impressions or the click, so I'll erase the bits for those campaigns and also if after analyzing the performance for one and a half week or the two weeks if someone target some, any target is not converting well, so I'll make the adjustments accordingly. So yeah, this in the end of the month of April we will see the campaigns creation Mostly. And in the start of the next month we will just analyze the those performance and make the necessary adjustments. Okay, so that is the plan for the next two or three weeks. You can say that. All right. By the way guys, I mean this is a bi weekly meeting, right? I understand that we had to change this meeting to Monday but then from the next week on I believe it will be on Friday. Right. So I think that I noticed that there is a meeting even next week. Do you guys want to change that to next week? I mean, you know, one week after that or do you want to keep it for the next week too? Okay. The purpose of the bi weekly meeting is that because there are so many essence if there is any urgent that you guys wanted to discuss or any other concerns that you have. Right. So the purpose of the bi weekly meeting. But mostly we stick to the monthly meetings to discuss the whole month report. But if you are okay, we can manage that. Oh no, no, I didn't mean that. And it was a miscalculation from mine. Just ignore what I said. I thought like this is. We're having like usually from the beginning we were having a bi weekly calls on Friday but unfortunately I forgot to add you guys on last Friday's call. So Selka wanted to move this call to Monday. So as Namra mentioned, we can have this bi weekly call like initially what we does, I think the account was onboarded in Feb. For a couple of months we will have a bi weekly call as Namra said because we need to discuss a lot of things. Right? Because certain products are going out of stock or maybe your focus might be on a different. A sign or number has to quickly share something with you. So that, that is the reason we have bi weekly call. So that's okay. Like let's have the schedule as it is. So if you guys are able to join because it is hardly going to be like five or 10 minutes and trust me, like last I think couple of weeks back I had visited Costco and my. I mean the. My husband had no clue that I was working for, you know, no sugar and he bought the Joy burst hydration drinks. It was. It is really good. Like my daughter, my husband and myself, we are using it. I would say it's really good. But definitely the price points are, you know, differs from the Costco to Amazon, right. So we did the I think all pack hydration drink which had you know, the combination combo pack. We got it around for 24 I believe. But the same pack is at. Is on Amazon at $36. Yeah. Yeah. There's a difference. And it's mostly because of the margin. Amazon first of all charges, you know, those Amazon fees. I totally understand. But I would say, like, people who would try this for the first time will habitually start using it because, you know, this is not like very hot. Summer has not been started in Canada, though. We are in, you know, the beginning of sp. We started using it and we completely love the product. I think we are going to restock it for the summer as well and probably recommend to our friends as well. That's great. Yeah. We just also recently launched on here in Canada in Costco or the Joy Bar, which is the collagen bar for no sugar company. We are also launching in maybe a couple weeks some gummies, apple cider flavor and the ginger turmeric gummies, which are gonna be good too. It's good. Yeah, they were. And at the time when we visited, there was a demo going on for the Joy Burst. And I suddenly realized, oh, yeah, I'm working for it. And my husband also tasted it and he liked it. And we just got that combo pack. It is doing good. Like, even on, you know, though it is. The weather is quite okay. We are using it and the taste is really good. Since it has no sugar for whoever is dieting or who is diet conscious, they can also use it and even we can give it to the kids as well. Sorry for interrupting. Namra, you can go ahead now. Okay. Maybe you can leave a review on our listings. That would be great. Sorry, Namra. Hello? Can you guys hear me? Yeah. Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. Just leave it. I have a concern. There is a ASIN that I found out on the listing. I was just analyzing all of the ASINs and I found out that there is an ASIN that has the Amazon Choice batch. But I don't see it in our Amazon Seller Center. Like, for example, this is the ASIN that I highlighted in red. If I search it into the all of the listings. I don't see here the AC or any of the listings. Yeah, but if I come Amazon, then I search it, it shows that it is related to no sugar. And we have an Amazon Choice badge. Yeah, that's. That's right. It's because it's most probable because we don't have inventory. And these guys, they are selling. They are probably reselling their products. So what they do is they get it for a cheaper price at Costco when there's a sales. Even. I mean, even without sales, the price is way less at Costco. So they just resell these products. But what we can do is if we have any inventory that we can sell on Amazon, then we can also list on our account. Okay. If you have invented, then we should list this on the Amazon because we have got Amazon choice. But it means that it has a good potential of the sale, right? Yeah. So it's better to add this on our listing. Yeah, we'll check if we have inventory. In that case we'll do. But is it possible if someone is reselling your product, they will have the same store page like yours? Well, they have listed under our own brand name, isn't it? Yeah, they don't have the same like the store page like this. It's not the same. It's the. It's the. It's not just the same, it's the same. So because they have used the same brand name, it goes to our own storefront. Okay. Just like the wholesale module, if I get it right. Yeah. And maybe at some point we used to sell it, but not probably discontinued. But we'll check what's the status on our end. Okay, got it. Can you send this link to us in the email when you, you know, if you, if you will send an email after this meeting, can you include that link this asin? Yeah. Okay, good. You have this ASIN in the report and you will be sending it I believe, right? Yes, I do have in the tracker sheet where you see the asins also in the Canada market under keto bar I have mentioned highlighted in red. Okay, sounds good. So you can just copy paste it from here. Yeah. So all done from my side Akshata. Okay, sounds good. Yes. So then like, so hum like if you have any data to be shared or probably anything about the inventories or you know, to increase the sale of particular product because you know since you have to deal with multiple channels like offline online, you can let us know like what needs to be focused more for the upcoming month. And you know the summer is also approaching so we can plan that maybe I think next week call is going to be on 3rd of May. Right. Time to plan for our summer like the number of the units or probably the asins that we need to focus on and probably the campaign creation, budgeting so we can have an in depth discussion. And probably it's also good if we have Zelco on the call. Yeah, yeah, sounds good. So that's on 3rd, May 3rd. That's next week. Okay. Next week Friday. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Yeah, maybe that, that is all for today's call. So yeah. This sheet, I think you should all. You should be already having an access. If not, I'll be sending it again so you can access all the, you know, the weekly numbers, the discussion, whatever we had. Now, the past implementations done on both the marketplaces would be updated here and she would be sharing the file shortly. Okay, sounds good. Okay, thank you so much, guys, for your time and patience today, and let's meet on our next call. Thank you so much. Yeah, thank you. Thank you. Bye, YouTube. Bye. Bye, guys.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: I'm going to share my screen so we have all the cases list in front of us.

Speaker B: Okay, thank you.

Speaker A: So in terms of the performance, if we see the weekly performance for the USA we can see there was the improvement from the last two weeks after I made the optimization in the month of and the starting weeks of the April. So so after seeing the performance in the USA market from 1st April to 15th April there was a much improvement on the PPC side. So I thought to create campaigns for the essence that we haven't been targeted yet into the campaigns for example in the USA market. Let me just show you the asins. Yeah like you told us that you want to focus on the pretzels and the other ones that I found out the metabar has the good potential but they were not focus on the PPC much. So the pretzel campaigns was created long time ago but I was not focusing much because after seeing the performance of one to two weeks there wasn't much improvement on the prezi sticks so I added more keywords for the pretzel. So we seen, we have seen the good improvements in the USA but in the last week I created some more campaigns for the less performing asins but we I haven't seen the good performance for those those asin so I will decrease the beds in this week for those less performing essence. Like for example there was some ASIN for the keto bars and the keto cups that was not performing. So probably I will decrease the bits for those flavors so we can utilize the spends for the other high performing essence. Right. So that's why we can see we have deduced the orders from the 279 to 227. Right. But the organic side is improving so we need to focus on that so we can control our tacos for that. And on the Canada side new campaigns are performing very great. So our orders for the on the PPC side and on the whole side are also increasing. So I was all gradually creating the campaigns like for example for the meta power for electrolyte last week I created campaigns for the keto protein shake and the vegan protein powder in the super gains. So we are seeing the good improvement but I didn't create most of the campaigns for these essence but now I will create more campaigns like the keyword targeting campaigns for these essay because these have the good ranking on the most of the keto related and the vegan related keywords. So I'll do the search term analysis again this week and I will create the Direct keyword targeting campaign and also target those system that those performing search terms into the keyword targeted campaigns. So yeah, let's see what performance and what outcome we get for the keyword targeting companies for these ASINs like the keto protein shake and the vegan and the all in one nutritional shake. And on the USA side mostly my focus would be on the metabar and the dry burst energy drinks. Do you have any concerns or any other questions that you wanted to discuss, guys?

Speaker B: Not from my side. No, no. For my side. I know you Johan, well and well. So in the US you are you and also in Canada is it for both, both marketplaces that you're planning to focus on energy drinks

Speaker A: for the Canada. Let me just put it. Yes, both.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yes, both.

Speaker B: Okay. So how, how are those campaigns doing so far? Those joy burst ones?

Speaker A: The joy bursts are performing good. So I wanted to create more like that. Now my main focus is to create the keyword target and so mainly the search term targeting campaigns for the these new essence and for the high performing essence I will create the competitors targeting campaigns now.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Because now I wanted to target. We have a very good social proof, right? So now I, I will create the cross targeting campaigns and also the competitors targeting campaigns for most of the high performing asins.

Speaker B: Huh. Okay.

Speaker A: This is my plan for the next week. So this week I create, I will create all of these campaigns and and the next coming two weeks I will just analyze those campaigns because in the end we don't want to spend extent don't want to spend so much because we have to analyze our tacos and the echoes and everything. So I don't want to spend more than 3,000 average a week.

Speaker B: I mean on a week or two weeks. On a week, right?

Speaker A: Yeah, one week. For the Canada market I have set a margin limit for the maximum 25 to 2800 and for the USA maximum like maximum 3200.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So yeah, so this week I'll create all of the campaigns like the targeting the search terms competitors targeting and the cross targeting campaigns. And then in the next coming two weeks I will just analyze those campaigns and make the necessity optimization. For example if any of the campaign is not getting the much impressions or the click, so I'll erase the bits for those campaigns and also if after analyzing the performance for one and a half week or the two weeks if someone target some, any target is not converting well, so I'll make the adjustments accordingly. So yeah, this in the end of the month of April we will see the campaigns creation Mostly. And in the start of the next month we will just analyze the those performance and make the necessary adjustments. Okay, so that is the plan for the next two or three weeks. You can say that.

Speaker B: All right. By the way guys, I mean this is a bi weekly meeting, right? I understand that we had to change this meeting to Monday but then from the next week on I believe it will be on Friday. Right. So I think that I noticed that there is a meeting even next week. Do you guys want to change that to next week? I mean, you know, one week after that or do you want to keep it for the next week too?

Speaker A: Okay. The purpose of the bi weekly meeting is that because there are so many essence if there is any urgent that you guys wanted to discuss or any other concerns that you have.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: So the purpose of the bi weekly meeting. But mostly we stick to the monthly meetings to discuss the whole month report. But if you are okay, we can manage that.

Speaker B: Oh no, no, I didn't mean that. And it was a miscalculation from mine. Just ignore what I said. I thought like this is.

Speaker C: We're having like usually from the beginning we were having a bi weekly calls on Friday but unfortunately I forgot to add you guys on last Friday's call. So Selka wanted to move this call to Monday. So as Namra mentioned, we can have this bi weekly call like initially what we does, I think the account was onboarded in Feb. For a couple of months we will have a bi weekly call as Namra said because we need to discuss a lot of things.

Speaker A: Right?

Speaker C: Because certain products are going out of stock or maybe your focus might be on a different. A sign or number has to quickly share something with you. So that, that is the reason we have bi weekly call. So that's okay. Like let's have the schedule as it is. So if you guys are able to join because it is hardly going to be like five or 10 minutes and trust me, like last I think couple of weeks back I had visited Costco and my. I mean the. My husband had no clue that I was working for, you know, no sugar and he bought the Joy burst hydration drinks.

Speaker A: It was.

Speaker C: It is really good. Like my daughter, my husband and myself, we are using it. I would say it's really good. But definitely the price points are, you know, differs from the Costco to Amazon, right. So we did the I think all pack hydration drink which had you know, the combination combo pack. We got it around for 24 I believe. But the same pack is at. Is on Amazon at $36.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. There's a difference. And it's mostly because of the margin. Amazon first of all charges, you know, those Amazon fees.

Speaker C: I totally understand. But I would say, like, people who would try this for the first time will habitually start using it because, you know, this is not like very hot. Summer has not been started in Canada, though. We are in, you know, the beginning of sp. We started using it and we completely love the product. I think we are going to restock it for the summer as well and probably recommend to our friends as well.

Speaker B: That's great. Yeah. We just also recently launched on here in Canada in Costco or the Joy Bar, which is the collagen bar for no sugar company. We are also launching in maybe a couple weeks some gummies, apple cider flavor and the ginger turmeric gummies, which are gonna be good too.

Speaker A: It's good.

Speaker C: Yeah, they were. And at the time when we visited, there was a demo going on for the Joy Burst. And I suddenly realized, oh, yeah, I'm working for it. And my husband also tasted it and he liked it. And we just got that combo pack. It is doing good. Like, even on, you know, though it is. The weather is quite okay. We are using it and the taste is really good. Since it has no sugar for whoever is dieting or who is diet conscious, they can also use it and even we can give it to the kids as well. Sorry for interrupting. Namra, you can go ahead now.

Speaker A: Okay. Maybe you can leave a review on our listings. That would be great.

Speaker C: Sorry, Namra.

Speaker A: Hello? Can you guys hear me?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Just leave it. I have a concern. There is a ASIN that I found out on the listing. I was just analyzing all of the ASINs and I found out that there is an ASIN that has the Amazon Choice batch. But I don't see it in our Amazon Seller Center. Like, for example, this is the ASIN that I highlighted in red. If I search it into the all of the listings. I don't see here the AC or any of the listings. Yeah, but if I come Amazon, then I search it, it shows that it is related to no sugar. And we have an Amazon Choice badge.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's. That's right. It's because it's most probable because we don't have inventory. And these guys, they are selling. They are probably reselling their products. So what they do is they get it for a cheaper price at Costco when there's a sales. Even. I mean, even without sales, the price is way less at Costco. So they just resell these products. But what we can do is if we have any inventory that we can sell on Amazon, then we can also list on our account.

Speaker A: Okay. If you have invented, then we should list this on the Amazon because we have got Amazon choice. But it means that it has a good potential of the sale, right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So it's better to add this on our listing.

Speaker B: Yeah, we'll check if we have inventory. In that case we'll do.

Speaker A: But is it possible if someone is reselling your product, they will have the same store page like yours?

Speaker B: Well, they have listed under our own brand name, isn't it?

Speaker A: Yeah, they don't have the same like the store page like this.

Speaker B: It's not the same. It's the. It's the. It's not just the same, it's the same. So because they have used the same brand name, it goes to our own storefront.

Speaker A: Okay. Just like the wholesale module, if I get it right.

Speaker B: Yeah. And maybe at some point we used to sell it, but not probably discontinued. But we'll check what's the status on our end.

Speaker A: Okay, got it.

Speaker B: Can you send this link to us in the email when you, you know, if you, if you will send an email after this meeting, can you include

Speaker A: that link this asin?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, good.

Speaker B: You have this ASIN in the report and you will be sending it I believe, right?

Speaker A: Yes, I do have in the tracker sheet where you see the asins also in the Canada market under keto bar I have mentioned highlighted in red.

Speaker B: Okay, sounds good.

Speaker A: So you can just copy paste it from here. Yeah. So all done from my side Akshata.

Speaker C: Okay, sounds good. Yes. So then like, so hum like if you have any data to be shared or probably anything about the inventories or you know, to increase the sale of particular product because you know since you have to deal with multiple channels like offline online, you can let us know like what needs to be focused more for the upcoming month. And you know the summer is also approaching so we can plan that maybe I think next week call is going to be on 3rd of May.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker C: Time to plan for our summer like the number of the units or probably the asins that we need to focus on and probably the campaign creation, budgeting so we can have an in depth discussion. And probably it's also good if we have Zelco on the call.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, sounds good. So that's on 3rd, May 3rd. That's next week. Okay. Next week Friday.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker C: Yeah, maybe that, that is all for today's call. So yeah. This sheet, I think you should all. You should be already having an access. If not, I'll be sending it again so you can access all the, you know, the weekly numbers, the discussion, whatever we had. Now, the past implementations done on both the marketplaces would be updated here and she would be sharing the file shortly.

Speaker B: Okay, sounds good.

Speaker C: Okay, thank you so much, guys, for your time and patience today, and let's meet on our next call.

Speaker B: Thank you so much. Yeah, thank you.

Speaker C: Thank you. Bye, YouTube. Bye.

Speaker B: Bye, guys.

