Transcript for: Recording__700.mp4
Title: Recording #700
============================================================

You know, the way that you tended to make it all the. All the fun stuff, all the recap. Yeah. So short I. There are two ways of pronouncing it. One is to arc the tongue in the back. And that's the main difference, basically. And everything else remains relaxed. And another way is to lift it slightly in the front. I mean, if you want to compare it with short E, short E is slightly in the middle. Right in the middle. And then it's like if you arc it a little bit in the back, then you short. It can be short eye. And if you lift it a little bit in the front, it can be short eye. So there are two ways. Now, I watched the recording and then I said that I'm probably lifting it in the middle. Middle? Did I say middle or. I don't remember what I said exactly. I forgot. But anyway. But then when I was practicing, I noticed that maybe I'm lifting it more towards the back anyway, so. What? I cannot hear you right now. Sorry. Did you maybe notice that it depends on the word because sometimes people switch it up a little bit. Oh, no, I didn't. I mean, maybe I'll have to practice more to observe that. But the words that I practiced, it feels like I'm doing the same thing for everything. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Consistency is pretty good at least. So how do you think it has been going practice wise? I know the sound has been kind of challenging. What I would say is I still don't understand the normal way I have been doing it versus what is ideal. So, for example, for E, I have a feel for that. I know how I usually do and short em in and how it should be done. But for short, I. I still couldn't figure out the difference in the sound. Okay. Yeah. So I'm just trying to focus more on the position of the tongue rather than I. I don't know how. What is different, what I'm doing wrong? The sound. Yeah. Did you get a chance to look at your short E versus short I sheet? Well, I watched your. I mean, sorry. I listened to your recording and I opened that, but really didn't practice anything from there. I just. All right. And again, as you're listening, these sounds sound very distinct, correct? Yeah. All right, perfect. So when they're distinct, when I say them, I asked that because, like some students, some sounds sound very similar together. So it's hard for them to tell when they're saying it correctly. So when you're. Now that it's kind of pointed out, are you able to tell? Oh, this is the sound I'm supposed to make. This is kind of the sound I'm making. You know, you could hear that your sure eye is off. When it's off, I cannot hear that. That's the problem. Okay, could you hear it? Would you record yourself? I mean, that would be me speaking, right? Yeah, I can record myself and then listen to what you or any of those recordings or accent advisor are saying it. Yeah, basically, I need to put in more effort and practice. Yeah, no, I've just. I know some people, the sounds sound the same, so when they say it, they're like, it's the same sound. How can I say this differently? Yeah, but then you said you could hear it differently when I say it, but not when you're speaking. No, I said that I can hear it when it's short E. For short E, I know the difference. But for short I, even when you pronounce it, I really don't identify the difference. I'm sorry, There must be some difference. But I don't identify the difference between how I pronounce and how you pronounce. With short e, short I, short E is very clear. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So you could hear a difference between short I and short E when I say it. Okay, but here's the thing, Sim. No, I'm not comparing short I and short e. No, I'm asking about that, though. Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely. Okay. Okay. So that was what I was asking. Because when you confuse two different sounds, it's important to be able to tell the difference between those sounds when you're listening. Because sometimes people listen to two different sounds that they mix up and they don't hear a difference. They have maybe one vowel in their home language that's kind of halfway between both. So then when they hear it, you know, they'll hear short E, they'll hear short I. They have neither in their home language. They have one vowel that's kind of similar to both, and then they hear both sounds as the same. Okay. So that's why it's important for me to check that you're hearing them distinctly. Yes. Okay. Yes. So you're hearing short E and shore I distinctly when I say it? Yes. And what about. Would you say them? Even when I say them, I think it's distinct. Okay, good. Yeah. So that being said, I want to go over the short e and short I sheet just so that we can get a better look at the tongue position itself. So if you go down to the vowel comparison section, I did share that sheet with you. Okay. Via vowel comparison. Let's see. Yes. Short E versus short I. Right. That's what I was looking at. Yes, I'm there. Perfect. Okay. Can you tell me what the sheet is talking about? So it's introducing itself and it's talking about. First of all, it's comparing the two in that explanation. Can you read that for me? Sure. The two different vowel sounds that will be covered in this lesson are short E as in mid, and short I as in eat. Both of these vowels are front vowels. Front in the sense. Okay. Meaning the tongue is in a relatively forward position in the mouth while it's making them. These vowels are different from each other because tongue height and tenseness. Because of tongue height and tenseness, short e is a middle vowel. Why did it say that both of these are front vowels? And then in the third paragraph, it's short e is the middle vowel. Anyway, I think I'm also pronouncing the word vowel itself in a wrong way. Vowel. I don't know if we'll talk about that. Meaning the tongue. Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah. We have to cover something called syllabic L and dark L. Okay. Meaning the tongue is a little lower in the mouth. Okay. That's the reason, resting somewhere in the middle, short I is a high vowel, meaning the tongue is slightly higher in the mouth, with short e. And short I lacks vowels. Meaning the tongue. Sorry. Meaning the mouth and tongue are relaxed while making these sounds. Okay. That could be a little confusing when it does reference this, because we do talk about that. We being linguists. You don't have to worry about this too. Too much. But we do talk about vowels being back, middle, and frontal. So these ones are frontal, but they. Then you also have the grid kind of going this way. So it's. It's frontal here, middle. When it comes to bottom, middle, top. Right. Mm. Yeah. So tell me the comparison one more time in your own words. Well, here they have assumed that short I will be pronounced while lifting the tongue in the front. This is not comparing the eye. Right. So that's. That's something. So to summarize here, both are front vowels. So according to this one. So we lift the tongue towards the front, but then there's some difference in the tongue height and tenseness. We didn't talk about tenseness before. It's just if a vowel is tense or lax. No, no, I understand. I mean, yeah, we. We discussed that. But then for these two vowels, we didn't discuss about the difference in tenseness. Right. They're both very lax. That's why we haven't touched it too much. You do want to make sure that you're not tensing them up for sure. Got it. Yeah. I was. I had a tendency of doing that when I was trying to pronounce e. And then I think. I don't know how I can describe that, but I think there was a vibration from here. Yes. That vibration just means that it's voiced. That doesn't really have too much to do with tenseness. And don't worry about that comparing them because all vowels are voiced. When we get it to certain consonants, that will be important, but not really for right now. Okay. Short E. It's a. Again, a middle vowel in the sense. The tongue is a little lower in the mouth, resting somewhere in the middle, so it doesn't touch the upper pellet or ovular. What will be here? Ovular reach, I think. Right. So. Yeah. And then short eye is a high vowel, meaning the tongue is slightly higher in the mouth. Both shorty. Okay. So that's the difference. Yeah. You mentioned alveolar ridge with the short E. Do you touch the alveolar ridge with your short eye? No, that's. I. I don't think I doing. I'm doing it at all with the front of the tongue, so. Okay. Okay, that's fine. Yeah, I am. I am curious about that because I am actually hearing any. It was short E and short I were similar. Now, short I is similar to another sound which we're going to go over. So you kind of were like, no, I have to switch it away from short E. And now you kind of ducked into a new direction and there's a little bit a different sound we have to go over. So the reason we're going over this real quick is just to see again, the shore eye is very short in the mouth. So again, how much do you drop your jaw with the shore eye? Not much at all. So, I mean, I. Do you want me to pronounce them and see how I do it or not? Not at this point, but I do want to look at the next page and it gives a little bit of helpful advice. So it says, you know, other page where it says short I as an it in give this. If under that, it gives a couple tips. So what does it say about each of these positions? It says, this is a high. You want me to read that this is a high. Front or middle. And on page two, Page two. Yeah. So right after those examples, short I as in it in give this if been under or. Oh, okay. The Tongue should be lifted towards the roof of the mouth, either in the back or in the front. Okay. But it should not be too close. So it should not be touching it. Yes, it should not be touching it. In fact, it shouldn't even be very high in the mouth at all. You could see in the second one where you're lifting in the middle, that it's maybe like halfway there, but you can see it's still leaving a fair amount of area. And the one where it's lifting in the back. How much room do you have in your mouth? Uh huh. How much room do I have in my mouth? Yeah. So how much free room does it show in the mouth? And that's important because sounds depend on the echo. So lifting your tongue into the right position is important, but it's also important to have that free area where the sound is actually created. Okay, so how much free area do you have? How much do you found? It looks less in the back, but more in the front. Yeah. So it's actually pretty, pretty similar. Hold on, let me show this in terms of total. Yes, total area. Yes. So you could see here just the area is in the front and this one, it's kind of in the back, but also a little bit in the front. But all together you need a lot of area for this sound. That's right. And the reason we're going over that is because the sound that I'm hearing, you confuse it with, does not have a lot of area. Okay, maybe that. So what I'm thinking is that you're not giving enough space. You're lifting your tongue too much or you're not dropping your jaw enough. Right. Okay, so what are those two things where you're not leaving out of space for the sound to be made and it's turning into a different sound? I think indefinitely lifting it too much. It's almost touching it or touching it. So that's the problem. One way to tell is with the next tip. So what does the next tip say? Let's see, the tongue should be. The tongue should be lower than it is for double E. You should feel a slight vibration above your tongue, just below where you feel it. For E. Yes. So when you make a short E sound, you might be able to very, very loosely feel it. But can you feel any vibration within your mouth? Some people do, some people don't. Please tell me this double E. Is it shorty? Yes. Oh, okay. I don't know if I could feel vibration in my mouth, but I was feeling something in my throat that was Probably a mistake. Again, throats are. Throats are for voicing. And the vibration in your throat is more about how your tongue is interacting in that space we talked about. So if you read these minimal pairs, Met, mitt, bet, bit, check, chick, red ridge, you can notice I'm dropping it maybe a little bit more for the short egg, met mitt, bet, bit, check, chick, red, rid. Yeah, Jen Jin. So one reason that's important to note is that, yes, I'm dropping my jaw more for the short E. So with short I, some people think, okay, I'm lifting my tongue more for short I. But then they don't realize that they're lifting their tongue more and they're dropping their jaw left. So now their tongue is really high in the mouth. So they think, okay, short E, I lift it maybe about this much. Short I, I, I have to lift it more about this much. It said to do more, but then you're dropping your jaw less, and it turns out to be like, this much. So technically, you want your tongue higher in the mouth with short I. But you don't have to lift it more to the point where your tongue is going to be pretty high in the mouth. You're still not lifting it very much. You're lifting it, like, the minimal amount. So try reading this one more time. I want to hear where your short eye is with this. You know how you've been practicing and all that. Okay, so the minimal pairs. Right? Okay. Yes. I'm sorry, I couldn't see you. Yeah. Met, meat, bet, beat, check, cheek, red read, Jen Jean. Okay, I'm hearing a distinct kind of. I'm hearing kind of more distinctly what's going on with this out. So what I think would be helpful is if you go ahead and X out of that. So we got some tips from that sheet, but it's no longer to the short eye. I think what you're doing is you're overlifting, kind of like we talked about. I want you to open something called the Y sound. Yes, I know like I said, short I could be a little complicated. Yeah. It did say on the sheet that it's not a very common sound, so it could be pretty hard to master. Hopefully this should be the only other one we have to go over because actually, short I and. And long E, which is the sound I'm hearing. Okay. Are very commonly confused in almost every language. Okay. Okay. All right. So which one should I open right now? It's called the Y sound. The Y sound. It's an accent advisor. Okay, I see that. Okay. Worksheet. Yeah, worksheet. Now it's a consonant, Right. It's not even a vowel anymore. We'll see. Yeah. Okay. Can you read the explanation for me? Sure. The Y sound, as in es, is A, is not universal across different languages. Some languages have the letter but not the sound. They use Latin I instead. So how can you know whether you are actually pronouncing the English voice sound or something closer to the Latin I? I'm not familiar with Latin I. Anyway, the answer lies in how far forward you are placing your. The curve of your tongue. You can use your teeth to gauge this. With lanae, your tongue is lifted up in the middle and touching your back teeth, molars. Okay. On both sides. Okay. Yeah. But with Y, the curve of your tongue should be farther forward and touch the canine teeth on the sides. Okay. So it's totally going to touch that. That's the difference. Yes. Are you familiar with which teeth the canines are? Some people aren't. Yeah, these two. All right. Yeah. Just I. I have to double check everything because I've just had students read through this and they're like, yeah, I know what that is until I actually ask them. And they're like, yeah, those are the teeth, like in the back of my mouth. I'm like, yeah, okay. Continue, please. Yeah. Make sure to keep the tip of the tongue down. Down, though. Okay. Okay. So it's like a carve. It's like arcing it. Okay. Another factor to pay attention to is tongue tension. How much should you squeeze or tighten your tongue? Flex your tongue, but make sure it is still touching the canine teeth on the sides. It may be difficult for you to flex or tighten. I don't know what you mean by tightening the tongue, by the way. It means to add tenseness. We'll talk about that in a minute. Okay. All right. Just gather the information, then we'll break it down. All right. Yeah. It may be difficult for you to flex or tighten your. Tighten your tongue in this position at first, but with time, your muscle memory will kick in and it will become easier for you, hopefully. So mastering this sound will help you with a number of different vowel sounds. Like long a, long E, long I. Y. What? Dipton. Dipton. Okay. In which it is used to end the sound. Well, as long U where it begins. The sound. I don't even see short I there. Anyway, one of the words. Best words to use, don't. Don't read that paragraph. It's very confusing and in my opinion, not very helpful. So have you ever heard the saying, you know, all the vowels are A, E, I, O, U, and sometimes. Yes. No, I haven't heard of the thing. Well, sometimes Y. It means that sometimes Y could be spelled as a vowel sound. And it can also mean sometimes the Y position is in a vowel sound. So there's a little bit to break down. If you go to the second page, there are two things with the sound. One, something we're going to call the Y position, and two, the Y sound. So the position is where you put your tongue. It's what you described. It's what you read. It's where your tongue is when it's at the top of your mouth by the canines. And it's kind of how it is in the diagram there. The second part is where you pull it down to make the actual Y sound. So to make a Y sound, you have to put your tongue up the way that it described like that, and then pull it down like E. Yes. Yellow yield. But the actual position before you drop it is also found at the end of some long vowels, the beginning of one, but at the end. So this is important to know because you're confusing long E and short I. So what I'm thinking is that your short I is more, you know, is closer to this position than the position we've talked about. Okay, so can you look at this diagram and tell me one more time what is happening with the Y position? So the Y, it's. The tongue is. It's like it's touching the roof near the canine teeth, right? Yeah. And. Well, it's not touching the roof. It's very, very. It's as close to the roof as you can get without touching. But you have to let the air go through so it won't be exactly pressed to the top. You could see there's a little bit of space, but you'll be touching. The tongue, will be touching the canine teeth, almost. Yeah, yeah. Not the roof. Maybe along the molars. Yeah, it will be almost to the roof. As close to the roof as you can get. Yeah, I get that. What would you want me to do now? So this is the Y position. The Y sound is. Would you actually drop it? Can you remind me what it said one more time about the vowels? About the vowels? I mean, about Y and vowels. Yes. Why? Position of else. Okay, so it says there are, I mean, vowels, like long A, E, I, Y and all those things. U including. So, I mean, if I master this, then it will help me pronounce those in a clearer way, because A, E, I O, I dip tongue. These tend to make this Y sound towards the beginning, and whereas U tends to make this towards the end. Yes. And what that means by that is that the sound will actually. Or the. Yeah, the sound will actually end in that position. For example, long A is literally just saying a. A. Yeah, a. So if you say A, you could feel your tongue. It moves. That's what a long vowel is. It has that movement. Right. Versus the short vowels, who don't. So A, it starts out like here, goes down, and then it goes like this. So if you say A. A. A. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. Yes, it's supposed to. A. It goes towards the top of the mouth. That's one reason we have to know this before we go over the long vowels is because we have to know where it ends up. What about if you make the E sound like beat, feet, meet. It's the long E sound. Yes, that's the long E sound. It says, e beat, meat, feet. Yeah. By the way, I'm sorry to stop you here, but here I see that the mention double E somewhere. Right. Where was that? That was on the short E and short I comparison sheet. So. So double E is short E. Right. I'm just making sure there's double. Yeah. In that case, no idea why it is like that. I think maybe it was a typo and it was supposed to just be the one. Okay. But, yeah, there is a totally different sheet comparing short. I got it. Yes. Yes. No, no. Let's go ahead with this, what you were saying. Yeah. So when you make the E sound, I want you to pay attention to where your tongue is for that. For shorty. Right, Sorry, long E, longy. I have no idea. I just pronounce it E. It doesn't move. Can you open the minimal pairs I sent, please? Sure. Yeah, I'm there. All right, so if we go down to elementary, you could see there are short I, long E. So bin bean, chip, cheap. His. He's. It. Eat, sit, seat. Yes. Can you hear them distinctly when I say it? No. Say it one more time. Sure. Bin, bean, chip, cheap. His. He's. Yes, it. Eat, sit, seat. Yes. Yes. All right. Very distinctly. Wow. Yeah. Oh, my. Or do they sound a little similar? No, they are distinct. Very distinct. Wow. Okay. And I have real trouble pronouncing these. All of these? Yes. I think these are the ones that you're kind of mixing up at this point. So I want you to read the elementary as you're reading them. Yes. I want to Hear the short eye, but I want you to mostly focus on the long E. So like bean cheap. He's eat, seat. Those five. Pay attention for me. Where your tongue is in the mouth, how high it is, because we're going to compare how you naturally say long E with the Y position we just talked about. Wow. Been cheap. He's eat, read. Read the pairs, please. Okay, I want to hear both. I want you to compare both, but I want you to specifically pay attention to the long at this point. Been bean, chip, cheap. His. He's it. Eat, sit, seat. Was that even close to what it's supposed to be? How. How did it sound? How distinct did it sound when you were reading them? When you heard them from me? I think that the long E sound was probably. I'm assuming it's closer to how you did it. Tell me if I'm wrong. But for the long. Short, I'm not sure how good it was, but I tried to make them different. Is what I can say. Read them how you would naturally read them. Can you read the pre intermediate ones as well? Like without remembering any of these lessons? Do you want me to read naturally how I do it? Yes. Okay. And you are recording class, correct? Yes. All right, perfect. So later you'll be able to go through elementary and pre intermediate and compare. Okay. This is how I said I would naturally read them. This is how I'm making myself read them. Okay. Bean. Bean. It's like the same thing that I do. I have no idea how I do it. What I do with the pre. Intermediate ones, please. Oh, okay. Sorry. Did deed fill Feel feet? That's the normal way. Okay. It's just the same feet. Green. Green. Hit Ease. Is. This one is. Oh, I'll say is. But ease. Okay. Meet definitely. I mean, basically, there's no difference. When I do it in the way I used to do it, there's no difference. And that's why I used to think, how do I pronounce these two? Yeah. Now you know. One of them is going to be short I. One of them is going to be short E. Yeah. Long E. Sorry. Yes. So one more time, I want you to read the inter. The pre. Intermediate, but this time read it with the lessons in mind. Okay. Did deed feel. Feel Fit Feet. A grain. Green. Hate. Heat. Is Ease. Meet. Sleep. Sleep still. Where's your tongue when you're reading both of these, the short and the long? It's. Honestly, I didn't observe that much, but I was again focusing on differentiating that sound. And I'm not Sure. If I did it correctly at all. Actually, I'm noticing something very interesting. So when you're not focused on it, when you said you're reading it as you normally would, lessons out of your brain, you've never been to class before, you kind of make them either both in the middle or you make them both similar to the long E. Yes. When you do have the lessons in mind, you're seeing the short I for the most part. There are still some words. Words. You're saying it correctly. Correctly, yes. So when you're trying to make them different and you're comparing them and you can go back and listen to this for sure. I definitely encourage you to listen to the recording and compare with and without lessons in mind. With lessons in mind, you're seeing the short I pretty correctly. Okay. Without lessons in mind, you're saying it both of them kind of in the middle same. Yeah. You're saying both long E and short I as short I. Now, though, short I both. You're saying them both. You're saying the short I correctly, and then short E, you're saying closer to short I. Oh, I didn't have any short E here. Or long E. Yeah, just. Just assume you know what I'm talking about. My tongue slips. Okay, so your long E you're saying very similar to short I. Okay, now. Oh. So what I think might be helpful with that in mind is for homework. I want you to record yourself reading maybe another set of minimal pairs. You know, we have advanced, upper, intermediate, intermediate, all those fun ones. I want you to read short I versus long E. Let me know which one you read. I'm going to maybe read intermediate and send it to you. Kind of like the recording I did last time. And I want you to compare the sound. Now that you have the lesson, I think you'll find that your short I is better. Now that you're trying to avoid long E when you were just trying for short I before, it was kind of jumbled up. But now that you're avoiding a different sound, it's sounding better. You're right about it. Yeah. It's a long E. Yep. Yes. So we still have to work on long E. So that's. That's the bad news. The good news is I think your short eye is going to be. Okay. Okay. A little bit more polishing up. And I definitely want you to go back and try to be like, okay, now that I am saying it correctly, I want you to be able to hear that you're saying it correctly. And I also Want you to be able to feel. Okay. Where did I end up putting my tongue? You know, front, back, how high? All that fun stuff. Yeah, we're going to talk about that next time. Okay, Sounds good. One thing is, last time, the recording you sent me, could you please send me the link? I don't think you sent me the link. So if you send me the link, then I can also see where you're reading it from. I can try to hunt that down. I think I. Yeah, I. I'll find it. It's okay if you. Even if you can, that would be great. If you don't, I can just listen to it. Can you resend, like, respond to the message and be like, this is the one I need the link for, just so that I have it front and center. And that is it. I don't want to take much of your time. Just want to mention something funny. So I was calling a company and I had to give them a direction, like where I am, where I live. And the street name is St. Clair West. Now, you will probably notice they were having a difficult time understanding what I am saying. Waste the word and. And then I had to literally spell it for them so that they could understand. We had a fun moment with that. Now, do you know which sounds you have to work on to say that? No. All right. One of them is when we talked about today with a long a saint ain't. The last one was all the way up to the top Saint. Okay. That is also something I need to correct. But at least they could understand me. They couldn't even understand the last word. And I'm not going to pronounce it correctly even now. West. So you see, I'll probably get confused between we st and then w aist or whatever similar sounds there are. Yeah, I think that was definitely a little bit of a W as well. Huh? Yeah, we don't need to discuss that now. I just wanted to mention that. Let's go through all the sounds in there. Okay. You have another three hours. Right? Okay. No. And also, I have started thinking that I'll probably practice it every day this week. I did two days, so probably I'll take at least half an hour every day to practice this. Cool. I do want to mention with practicing, of course, when my students just start practicing quite a fair amount, we're into a bunch of important sounds. Make sure that you don't get into the habit of only practicing. You're sitting down in your house at your computer with Accent Advisor. So you want to try to maybe not at this point, because you're still really getting into some of the things I'm sending you. But when you really are able to get into it, try to diversify. So in your house, at your computer, with Accent Advisor, your brain will turn on and off depending on what situation you're used to practicing in. So if you have this study habit where you're doing the same thing every single time you study, it's in the same area with the same materials, your brain will just turn off the second you walk away. So to avoid that early, I want you to try to diversify one of those three things. We will definitely sit down and talk about this with much more detail. But for right now, just try to maybe study in a different area or study. You know, that way your brain doesn't just turn off the second the computer closes. Maybe it might help. Be helpful to print off. Or a lot of my students will do a reading, something that we would do like, but with a book that they're reading or when they read a menu at a restaurant, newspaper, Whatever it is, just try to switch up your practices a little bit. Got it. Okay, well. Yeah, I'll. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, yeah, no, I was just gonna say, if you have any other questions. No, no, let me know. I don't have. Did you respond to that? Yeah. Okay, there it is. Perfect. And yeah, the recording I am sending right now, that will be with the middle pairs I sent you. So you do have that link. Yes. Thank you so much for your time to the scene. Yeah, of course. Have a great day. You too. Bye. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: You know, the way that you tended to make it all the. All the fun stuff, all the recap.

Speaker B: Yeah. So short I. There are two ways of pronouncing it. One is to arc the tongue in the back. And that's the main difference, basically. And everything else remains relaxed. And another way is to lift it slightly in the front. I mean, if you want to compare it with short E, short E is slightly in the middle. Right in the middle. And then it's like if you arc it a little bit in the back, then you short. It can be short eye. And if you lift it a little bit in the front, it can be short eye. So there are two ways. Now, I watched the recording and then I said that I'm probably lifting it in the middle. Middle? Did I say middle or. I don't remember what I said exactly. I forgot. But anyway. But then when I was practicing, I noticed that maybe I'm lifting it more towards the back anyway, so. What? I cannot hear you right now.

Speaker A: Sorry. Did you maybe notice that it depends on the word because sometimes people switch it up a little bit.

Speaker B: Oh, no, I didn't. I mean, maybe I'll have to practice more to observe that. But the words that I practiced, it feels like I'm doing the same thing for everything.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Consistency is pretty good at least. So how do you think it has been going practice wise? I know the sound has been kind of challenging.

Speaker B: What I would say is I still don't understand the normal way I have been doing it versus what is ideal. So, for example, for E, I have a feel for that. I know how I usually do and short em in and how it should be done. But for short, I. I still couldn't figure out the difference in the sound.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. So I'm just trying to focus more on the position of the tongue rather than I. I don't know how. What is different, what I'm doing wrong? The sound.

Speaker A: Yeah. Did you get a chance to look at your short E versus short I sheet?

Speaker B: Well, I watched your. I mean, sorry. I listened to your recording and I opened that, but really didn't practice anything from there. I just.

Speaker A: All right. And again, as you're listening, these sounds sound very distinct, correct?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: All right, perfect. So when they're distinct, when I say them, I asked that because, like some students, some sounds sound very similar together. So it's hard for them to tell when they're saying it correctly. So when you're. Now that it's kind of pointed out, are you able to tell? Oh, this is the sound I'm supposed to make. This is kind of the sound I'm making. You know, you could hear that your sure eye is off.

Speaker B: When it's off, I cannot hear that. That's the problem.

Speaker A: Okay, could you hear it? Would you record yourself?

Speaker B: I mean, that would be me speaking, right? Yeah, I can record myself and then listen to what you or any of those recordings or accent advisor are saying it. Yeah, basically, I need to put in more effort and practice.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, I've just. I know some people, the sounds sound the same, so when they say it, they're like, it's the same sound. How can I say this differently? Yeah, but then you said you could hear it differently when I say it, but not when you're speaking.

Speaker B: No, I said that I can hear it when it's short E. For short E, I know the difference. But for short I, even when you pronounce it, I really don't identify the difference. I'm sorry, There must be some difference. But I don't identify the difference between how I pronounce and how you pronounce. With short e, short I, short E is very clear. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So you could hear a difference between short I and short E when I say it.

Speaker B: Okay, but here's the thing, Sim. No, I'm not comparing short I and

Speaker A: short e. No, I'm asking about that, though.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. So that was what I was asking. Because when you confuse two different sounds, it's important to be able to tell the difference between those sounds when you're listening. Because sometimes people listen to two different sounds that they mix up and they don't hear a difference. They have maybe one vowel in their home language that's kind of halfway between both. So then when they hear it, you know, they'll hear short E, they'll hear short I. They have neither in their home language. They have one vowel that's kind of similar to both, and then they hear both sounds as the same.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So that's why it's important for me to check that you're hearing them distinctly.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay. Yes. So you're hearing short E and shore I distinctly when I say it?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: And what about. Would you say them?

Speaker B: Even when I say them, I think it's distinct.

Speaker A: Okay, good. Yeah. So that being said, I want to go over the short e and short I sheet just so that we can get a better look at the tongue position itself. So if you go down to the vowel comparison section, I did share that sheet with you.

Speaker B: Okay. Via vowel comparison. Let's see. Yes. Short E versus short I. Right. That's what I was looking at. Yes, I'm there.

Speaker A: Perfect. Okay. Can you tell me what the sheet is talking about? So it's introducing itself and it's talking about. First of all, it's comparing the two in that explanation. Can you read that for me?

Speaker B: Sure. The two different vowel sounds that will be covered in this lesson are short E as in mid, and short I as in eat. Both of these vowels are front vowels. Front in the sense. Okay. Meaning the tongue is in a relatively forward position in the mouth while it's making them. These vowels are different from each other because tongue height and tenseness. Because of tongue height and tenseness, short e is a middle vowel. Why did it say that both of these are front vowels? And then in the third paragraph, it's short e is the middle vowel. Anyway, I think I'm also pronouncing the word vowel itself in a wrong way. Vowel.

Speaker A: I don't know if we'll talk about that.

Speaker B: Meaning the tongue. Okay, okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. We have to cover something called syllabic L and dark L. Okay.

Speaker B: Meaning the tongue is a little lower in the mouth. Okay. That's the reason, resting somewhere in the middle, short I is a high vowel, meaning the tongue is slightly higher in the mouth, with short e. And short I lacks vowels. Meaning the tongue. Sorry. Meaning the mouth and tongue are relaxed while making these sounds. Okay.

Speaker A: That could be a little confusing when it does reference this, because we do talk about that. We being linguists. You don't have to worry about this too. Too much. But we do talk about vowels being back, middle, and frontal. So these ones are frontal, but they. Then you also have the grid kind of going this way. So it's. It's frontal here, middle. When it comes to bottom, middle, top. Right.

Speaker B: Mm. Yeah.

Speaker A: So tell me the comparison one more time in your own words.

Speaker B: Well, here they have assumed that short I will be pronounced while lifting the tongue in the front. This is not comparing the eye. Right. So that's. That's something. So to summarize here, both are front vowels. So according to this one. So we lift the tongue towards the front, but then there's some difference in the tongue height and tenseness. We didn't talk about tenseness before.

Speaker A: It's just if a vowel is tense or lax.

Speaker B: No, no, I understand. I mean, yeah, we. We discussed that. But then for these two vowels, we didn't discuss about the difference in tenseness. Right.

Speaker A: They're both very lax. That's why we haven't touched it too much. You do want to make sure that you're not tensing them up for sure.

Speaker B: Got it. Yeah. I was. I had a tendency of doing that when I was trying to pronounce e. And then I think. I don't know how I can describe that, but I think there was a vibration from here.

Speaker A: Yes. That vibration just means that it's voiced. That doesn't really have too much to do with tenseness. And don't worry about that comparing them because all vowels are voiced. When we get it to certain consonants, that will be important, but not really for right now.

Speaker B: Okay. Short E. It's a. Again, a middle vowel in the sense. The tongue is a little lower in the mouth, resting somewhere in the middle, so it doesn't touch the upper pellet or ovular. What will be here? Ovular reach, I think. Right. So. Yeah. And then short eye is a high vowel, meaning the tongue is slightly higher in the mouth. Both shorty. Okay. So that's the difference.

Speaker A: Yeah. You mentioned alveolar ridge with the short E. Do you touch the alveolar ridge with your short eye?

Speaker B: No, that's. I. I don't think I doing. I'm doing it at all with the front of the tongue, so.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay, that's fine. Yeah, I am. I am curious about that because I am actually hearing any. It was short E and short I were similar. Now, short I is similar to another sound which we're going to go over. So you kind of were like, no, I have to switch it away from short E. And now you kind of ducked into a new direction and there's a little bit a different sound we have to go over. So the reason we're going over this real quick is just to see again, the shore eye is very short in the mouth. So again, how much do you drop your jaw with the shore eye?

Speaker B: Not much at all. So, I mean, I. Do you want me to pronounce them and see how I do it or

Speaker A: not? Not at this point, but I do want to look at the next page and it gives a little bit of helpful advice. So it says, you know, other page where it says short I as an it in give this. If under that, it gives a couple tips. So what does it say about each of these positions?

Speaker B: It says, this is a high. You want me to read that this is a high. Front or middle. And on page two, Page two. Yeah. So right after those examples, short I as in it in give this if been

Speaker A: under or.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. The Tongue should be lifted towards the roof of the mouth, either in the back or in the front. Okay. But it should not be too close. So it should not be touching it.

Speaker A: Yes, it should not be touching it. In fact, it shouldn't even be very high in the mouth at all. You could see in the second one where you're lifting in the middle, that it's maybe like halfway there, but you can see it's still leaving a fair amount of area. And the one where it's lifting in the back. How much room do you have in your mouth?

Speaker B: Uh huh. How much room do I have in my mouth?

Speaker A: Yeah. So how much free room does it show in the mouth? And that's important because sounds depend on the echo. So lifting your tongue into the right position is important, but it's also important to have that free area where the sound is actually created. Okay, so how much free area do you have? How much do you found?

Speaker B: It looks less in the back, but more in the front.

Speaker A: Yeah. So it's actually pretty, pretty similar. Hold on, let me show this in terms of total. Yes, total area. Yes. So you could see here just the area is in the front and this one, it's kind of in the back, but also a little bit in the front. But all together you need a lot of area for this sound.

Speaker B: That's right.

Speaker A: And the reason we're going over that is because the sound that I'm hearing, you confuse it with, does not have a lot of area.

Speaker B: Okay, maybe that.

Speaker A: So what I'm thinking is that you're not giving enough space. You're lifting your tongue too much or you're not dropping your jaw enough.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Okay, so what are those two things where you're not leaving out of space for the sound to be made and it's turning into a different sound?

Speaker B: I think indefinitely lifting it too much. It's almost touching it or touching it. So that's the problem.

Speaker A: One way to tell is with the next tip. So what does the next tip say?

Speaker B: Let's see, the tongue should be. The tongue should be lower than it is for double E. You should feel a slight vibration above your tongue, just below where you feel it. For E.

Speaker A: Yes. So when you make a short E sound, you might be able to very, very loosely feel it. But can you feel any vibration within your mouth? Some people do, some people don't.

Speaker B: Please tell me this double E. Is it shorty?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. I don't know if I could feel vibration in my mouth, but I was feeling something in my throat that was Probably a mistake.

Speaker A: Again, throats are. Throats are for voicing. And the vibration in your throat is more about how your tongue is interacting in that space we talked about. So if you read these minimal pairs, Met, mitt, bet, bit, check, chick, red ridge, you can notice I'm dropping it maybe a little bit more for the short egg, met mitt, bet, bit, check, chick, red, rid. Yeah, Jen Jin. So one reason that's important to note is that, yes, I'm dropping my jaw more for the short E. So with short I, some people think, okay, I'm lifting my tongue more for short I. But then they don't realize that they're lifting their tongue more and they're dropping their jaw left. So now their tongue is really high in the mouth. So they think, okay, short E, I lift it maybe about this much. Short I, I, I have to lift it more about this much. It said to do more, but then you're dropping your jaw less, and it turns out to be like, this much. So technically, you want your tongue higher in the mouth with short I. But you don't have to lift it more to the point where your tongue is going to be pretty high in the mouth. You're still not lifting it very much. You're lifting it, like, the minimal amount. So try reading this one more time. I want to hear where your short eye is with this. You know how you've been practicing and all that.

Speaker B: Okay, so the minimal pairs. Right? Okay.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: I'm sorry, I couldn't see you. Yeah. Met, meat, bet, beat, check, cheek, red read, Jen Jean.

Speaker A: Okay, I'm hearing a distinct kind of. I'm hearing kind of more distinctly what's going on with this out. So what I think would be helpful is if you go ahead and X out of that. So we got some tips from that sheet, but it's no longer to the short eye. I think what you're doing is you're overlifting, kind of like we talked about. I want you to open something called the Y sound. Yes, I know like I said, short I could be a little complicated. Yeah. It did say on the sheet that it's not a very common sound, so it could be pretty hard to master. Hopefully this should be the only other one we have to go over because actually, short I and. And long E, which is the sound I'm hearing.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Are very commonly confused in almost every language.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. All right. So which one should I open right now?

Speaker A: It's called the Y sound.

Speaker B: The Y sound. It's an accent advisor. Okay, I see that. Okay. Worksheet.

Speaker A: Yeah, worksheet.

Speaker B: Now it's a consonant, Right. It's not even a vowel anymore.

Speaker A: We'll see.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Can you read the explanation for me?

Speaker B: Sure. The Y sound, as in es, is A, is not universal across different languages. Some languages have the letter but not the sound. They use Latin I instead. So how can you know whether you are actually pronouncing the English voice sound or something closer to the Latin I? I'm not familiar with Latin I. Anyway, the answer lies in how far forward you are placing your. The curve of your tongue. You can use your teeth to gauge this. With lanae, your tongue is lifted up in the middle and touching your back teeth, molars. Okay. On both sides. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: But with Y, the curve of your tongue should be farther forward and touch the canine teeth on the sides. Okay. So it's totally going to touch that. That's the difference.

Speaker A: Yes. Are you familiar with which teeth the canines are? Some people aren't.

Speaker B: Yeah, these two.

Speaker A: All right. Yeah. Just I. I have to double check everything because I've just had students read through this and they're like, yeah, I know what that is until I actually ask them. And they're like, yeah, those are the teeth, like in the back of my mouth. I'm like,

Speaker B: yeah, okay.

Speaker A: Continue, please.

Speaker B: Yeah. Make sure to keep the tip of the tongue down. Down, though. Okay. Okay. So it's like a carve. It's like arcing it. Okay. Another factor to pay attention to is tongue tension. How much should you squeeze or tighten your tongue? Flex your tongue, but make sure it is still touching the canine teeth on the sides. It may be difficult for you to flex or tighten. I don't know what you mean by tightening the tongue, by the way.

Speaker A: It means to add tenseness. We'll talk about that in a minute.

Speaker B: Okay. All right.

Speaker A: Just gather the information, then we'll break it down.

Speaker B: All right. Yeah. It may be difficult for you to flex or tighten your. Tighten your tongue in this position at first, but with time, your muscle memory will kick in and it will become easier for you, hopefully. So mastering this sound will help you with a number of different vowel sounds. Like long a, long E, long I. Y. What?

Speaker A: Dipton.

Speaker B: Dipton. Okay. In which it is used to end the sound. Well, as long U where it begins. The sound. I don't even see short I there. Anyway, one of the words. Best words to use, don't.

Speaker A: Don't read that paragraph. It's very confusing and in my opinion, not very helpful. So have you ever heard the saying, you know, all the vowels are A, E, I, O, U, and sometimes. Yes.

Speaker B: No, I haven't heard of the thing.

Speaker A: Well, sometimes Y. It means that sometimes Y could be spelled as a vowel sound. And it can also mean sometimes the Y position is in a vowel sound. So there's a little bit to break down. If you go to the second page, there are two things with the sound. One, something we're going to call the Y position, and two, the Y sound. So the position is where you put your tongue. It's what you described. It's what you read. It's where your tongue is when it's at the top of your mouth by the canines. And it's kind of how it is in the diagram there. The second part is where you pull it down to make the actual Y sound. So to make a Y sound, you have to put your tongue up the way that it described like that, and then pull it down like E. Yes. Yellow yield. But the actual position before you drop it is also found at the end of some long vowels, the beginning of one, but at the end. So this is important to know because you're confusing long E and short I. So what I'm thinking is that your short I is more, you know, is closer to this position than the position we've talked about. Okay, so can you look at this diagram and tell me one more time what is happening with the Y position?

Speaker B: So the Y, it's. The tongue is. It's like it's touching the roof near the canine teeth, right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And.

Speaker A: Well, it's not touching the roof. It's very, very. It's as close to the roof as you can get without touching. But you have to let the air go through so it won't be exactly pressed to the top. You could see there's a little bit

Speaker B: of space, but you'll be touching. The tongue, will be touching the canine teeth, almost.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Not the roof.

Speaker A: Maybe along the molars. Yeah, it will be almost to the roof. As close to the roof as you can get.

Speaker B: Yeah, I get that. What would you want me to do now?

Speaker A: So this is the Y position. The Y sound is. Would you actually drop it? Can you remind me what it said one more time about the vowels?

Speaker B: About the vowels? I mean, about Y and vowels.

Speaker A: Yes. Why? Position of else.

Speaker B: Okay, so it says there are, I mean, vowels, like long A, E, I, Y and all those things. U including. So, I mean, if I master this, then it will help me pronounce those in a clearer way, because A, E, I O, I dip tongue. These tend to make this Y sound towards the beginning, and whereas U tends to make this towards the end.

Speaker A: Yes. And what that means by that is that the sound will actually. Or the. Yeah, the sound will actually end in that position. For example, long A is literally just saying a. A. Yeah, a. So if you say A, you could feel your tongue. It moves. That's what a long vowel is. It has that movement. Right. Versus the short vowels, who don't. So A, it starts out like here, goes down, and then it goes like this. So if you say A. A.

Speaker B: A. I didn't do that. I didn't do that.

Speaker A: Yes, it's supposed to. A. It goes towards the top of the mouth. That's one reason we have to know this before we go over the long vowels is because we have to know where it ends up. What about if you make the E sound like beat, feet, meet.

Speaker B: It's the long E sound.

Speaker A: Yes, that's the long E sound. It says, e beat, meat, feet.

Speaker B: Yeah. By the way, I'm sorry to stop you here, but here I see that the mention double E somewhere. Right. Where was that?

Speaker A: That was on the short E and short I comparison sheet. So.

Speaker B: So double E is short E. Right. I'm just making sure there's double.

Speaker A: Yeah. In that case, no idea why it is like that. I think maybe it was a typo and it was supposed to just be the one.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: But, yeah, there is a totally different sheet comparing short. I got it.

Speaker B: Yes. Yes. No, no. Let's go ahead with this, what you were saying. Yeah.

Speaker A: So when you make the E sound, I want you to pay attention to where your tongue is for that.

Speaker B: For shorty.

Speaker A: Right, Sorry, long E, longy.

Speaker B: I have no idea. I just pronounce it E. It doesn't move.

Speaker A: Can you open the minimal pairs I sent, please?

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah, I'm there.

Speaker A: All right, so if we go down to elementary, you could see there are short I, long E. So bin bean, chip, cheap. His. He's. It. Eat, sit, seat.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Can you hear them distinctly when I say it?

Speaker B: No. Say it one more time.

Speaker A: Sure. Bin, bean, chip, cheap. His. He's. Yes, it. Eat, sit, seat.

Speaker B: Yes. Yes.

Speaker A: All right. Very distinctly.

Speaker B: Wow. Yeah. Oh, my.

Speaker A: Or do they sound a little similar?

Speaker B: No, they are distinct. Very distinct.

Speaker A: Wow.

Speaker B: Okay. And I have real trouble pronouncing these. All of these?

Speaker A: Yes. I think these are the ones that you're kind of mixing up at this point. So I want you to read the elementary as you're reading them. Yes. I want to Hear the short eye, but I want you to mostly focus on the long E. So like bean cheap. He's eat, seat. Those five. Pay attention for me. Where your tongue is in the mouth, how high it is, because we're going to compare how you naturally say long E with the Y position we just talked about.

Speaker B: Wow. Been cheap. He's eat, read.

Speaker A: Read the pairs, please. Okay, I want to hear both. I want you to compare both, but I want you to specifically pay attention to the long at this point.

Speaker B: Been bean, chip, cheap. His. He's it. Eat, sit, seat. Was that even close to what it's supposed to be?

Speaker A: How. How did it sound? How distinct did it sound when you were reading them? When you heard them from me?

Speaker B: I think that the long E sound was probably. I'm assuming it's closer to how you did it. Tell me if I'm wrong. But for the long. Short, I'm not sure how good it was, but I tried to make them different. Is what I can say.

Speaker A: Read them how you would naturally read them. Can you read the pre intermediate ones as well?

Speaker B: Like without remembering any of these lessons? Do you want me to read naturally how I do it?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And you are recording class, correct?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: All right, perfect. So later you'll be able to go through elementary and pre intermediate and compare. Okay. This is how I said I would naturally read them. This is how I'm making myself read them.

Speaker B: Okay. Bean. Bean. It's like the same thing that I do. I have no idea how I do it.

Speaker A: What I do with the pre. Intermediate ones, please.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. Sorry. Did deed fill Feel feet? That's the normal way. Okay. It's just the same feet. Green. Green. Hit Ease.

Speaker A: Is.

Speaker B: This one is. Oh, I'll say is. But ease. Okay. Meet definitely. I mean, basically, there's no difference. When I do it in the way I used to do it, there's no difference. And that's why I used to think, how do I pronounce these two?

Speaker A: Yeah. Now you know. One of them is going to be short I. One of them is going to be short E. Yeah. Long E. Sorry. Yes. So one more time, I want you to read the inter. The pre. Intermediate, but this time read it with the lessons in mind.

Speaker B: Okay. Did deed feel. Feel Fit Feet. A grain. Green. Hate. Heat. Is Ease. Meet. Sleep. Sleep still.

Speaker A: Where's your tongue when you're reading both of these, the short and the long?

Speaker B: It's. Honestly, I didn't observe that much, but I was again focusing on differentiating that sound. And I'm not Sure. If I did it correctly at all.

Speaker A: Actually, I'm noticing something very interesting. So when you're not focused on it, when you said you're reading it as you normally would, lessons out of your brain, you've never been to class before, you kind of make them either both in the middle or you make them both similar to the long E. Yes. When you do have the lessons in mind, you're seeing the short I for the most part. There are still some words. Words. You're saying it correctly.

Speaker B: Correctly, yes.

Speaker A: So when you're trying to make them different and you're comparing them and you can go back and listen to this for sure. I definitely encourage you to listen to the recording and compare with and without lessons in mind. With lessons in mind, you're seeing the short I pretty correctly.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Without lessons in mind, you're saying it both of them kind of in the middle same. Yeah. You're saying both long E and short I as short I.

Speaker B: Now, though, short I both.

Speaker A: You're saying them both. You're saying the short I correctly, and then short E, you're saying closer to

Speaker B: short I. Oh, I didn't have any short E here.

Speaker A: Or long E. Yeah, just. Just assume you know what I'm talking about. My tongue slips. Okay, so your long E you're saying very similar to short I. Okay, now.

Speaker B: Oh.

Speaker A: So what I think might be helpful with that in mind is for homework. I want you to record yourself reading maybe another set of minimal pairs. You know, we have advanced, upper, intermediate, intermediate, all those fun ones. I want you to read short I versus long E. Let me know which one you read. I'm going to maybe read intermediate and send it to you. Kind of like the recording I did last time. And I want you to compare the sound. Now that you have the lesson, I think you'll find that your short I is better. Now that you're trying to avoid long E when you were just trying for short I before, it was kind of jumbled up. But now that you're avoiding a different sound, it's sounding better.

Speaker B: You're right about it. Yeah. It's a long E. Yep.

Speaker A: Yes. So we still have to work on long E. So that's. That's the bad news. The good news is I think your short eye is going to be. Okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: A little bit more polishing up. And I definitely want you to go back and try to be like, okay, now that I am saying it correctly, I want you to be able to hear that you're saying it correctly. And I also Want you to be able to feel. Okay. Where did I end up putting my tongue? You know, front, back, how high? All that fun stuff. Yeah, we're going to talk about that next time.

Speaker B: Okay, Sounds good. One thing is, last time, the recording you sent me, could you please send me the link? I don't think you sent me the link. So if you send me the link, then I can also see where you're reading it from.

Speaker A: I can try to hunt that down. I think I. Yeah, I. I'll find it.

Speaker B: It's okay if you. Even if you can, that would be great. If you don't, I can just listen to it.

Speaker A: Can you resend, like, respond to the message and be like, this is the one I need the link for, just so that I have it front and center.

Speaker B: And that is it. I don't want to take much of your time. Just want to mention something funny. So I was calling a company and I had to give them a direction, like where I am, where I live. And the street name is St. Clair West. Now, you will probably notice they were having a difficult time understanding what I am saying. Waste the word and. And then I had to literally spell it for them so that they could understand. We had a fun moment with that.

Speaker A: Now, do you know which sounds you have to work on to say that?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: All right. One of them is when we talked about today with a long a saint ain't.

Speaker B: The last one was all the way up to the top Saint. Okay. That is also something I need to correct. But at least they could understand me. They couldn't even understand the last word. And I'm not going to pronounce it correctly even now. West. So you see, I'll probably get confused between we st and then w aist or whatever similar sounds there are.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think that was definitely a little bit of a W as well.

Speaker B: Huh? Yeah, we don't need to discuss that now. I just wanted to mention that.

Speaker A: Let's go through all the sounds in there. Okay. You have another three hours. Right? Okay.

Speaker B: No. And also, I have started thinking that I'll probably practice it every day this week. I did two days, so probably I'll take at least half an hour every day to practice this.

Speaker A: Cool. I do want to mention with practicing, of course, when my students just start practicing quite a fair amount, we're into a bunch of important sounds. Make sure that you don't get into the habit of only practicing. You're sitting down in your house at your computer with Accent Advisor. So you want to try to maybe not at this point, because you're still really getting into some of the things I'm sending you. But when you really are able to get into it, try to diversify. So in your house, at your computer, with Accent Advisor, your brain will turn on and off depending on what situation you're used to practicing in. So if you have this study habit where you're doing the same thing every single time you study, it's in the same area with the same materials, your brain will just turn off the second you walk away. So to avoid that early, I want you to try to diversify one of those three things. We will definitely sit down and talk about this with much more detail. But for right now, just try to maybe study in a different area or study. You know, that way your brain doesn't just turn off the second the computer closes. Maybe it might help. Be helpful to print off. Or a lot of my students will do a reading, something that we would do like, but with a book that they're reading or when they read a menu at a restaurant, newspaper, Whatever it is, just try to switch up your practices a little bit.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay, well. Yeah, I'll. Yeah, go ahead.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, no, I was just gonna say, if you have any other questions. No, no, let me know.

Speaker B: I don't have.

Speaker A: Did you respond to that?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, there it is. Perfect. And yeah, the recording I am sending right now, that will be with the middle pairs I sent you. So you do have that link.

Speaker B: Yes. Thank you so much for your time to the scene.

Speaker A: Yeah, of course. Have a great day.

Speaker B: You too. Bye.

Speaker A: Bye.

