Transcript for: Recording__1214.mp4
Title: Recording #1214
============================================================

Tremendous like response. It's great. I would. I still think you could sign up for. I think, I believe that if you go into your campaigns on the left, you'll see. Are you going to marketing campaigns? 3, 3 tabs down on the left you'll see Black. Black Friday Cyber Monday. I'm almost positive you qualify to register for it. If you want we can walk through it right now. But the, the, our platform fee is 6% campaigns. They usually charge another additional 1%. Plus they're gonna ask you to bring your, your, your price down for the campaigns. So if it makes economical sense, I'd strongly suggest doing it as far as like they're gonna actually do GMB Max, which is just ad. Just ads. But, but if I believe the lowest you could go is 200 a day. Almost positive on that. But when you set it up, you'll, you can see that under ads it'll say gmv. On the right side. The affiliate outreach at a thousand is good. You guys are like, that is, that is good. Like, that's. Congratulations. You guys are scratching the surface. But it literally like the best, like the best brands have thousands of pieces of content every month. And so, but I mean I know you're just getting your, your wings wet, so don't feel like you have to be up there with. But I'm just giving you like, like the North Star of like the, the top brands like Built Bar. These other ones are going to be a thousand plus content pieces per month and that means 250 to 300 easily, like weekly, maybe even daily on some days. And so those, that's kind of part of like the mix you want to. Content Keying campaigns is super, super important. You don't necessarily boosted. But if everybody else is doing it like right now, I mean it's gonna be tough to compete if everybody else is participating. And Black Friday Cyber Monday. Yeah. So will the algorithm allow more traction for us if we've participated in the campaign? Absolutely. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That's kind of the, kind of like the purpose is to kind of gain more exposure. Engagement is the idea behind the campaigns. And then with GMV Max, what is so sort of in your view the best practice of sorts for something like a, a new brand of, of our, of our standing because we're new to the TikTok shop and that ethos, so to speak, what according to you would be the best practice in terms of how much we could be spending or how much we should be pushing the product out? I mean, I think a lot of this I know that you mentioned the $200 minimum spend, but. But what, according to you, would you actually recommend for us to see some traction and see the algorithm pushing us? Well, I don't know what your budgets are, but I have a lot of brands that, you know, they're 75k to 150k, like spends. It just depends. It just depends on your budget. But I mean, that's kind of the idea of the, of like the daily cap, if you will, kind of keeps you aligned of what your budgets are. But this is a great time to be on the platform. Engagement super high. But it's also very competitive right now. I mean, we have more brands leaning in. Everybody's trying to get a piece of that pie, so. But the, the pie is big. It's a huge pie. There's room for everybody. And so. But you just want to be cognizant of, of just getting, getting the, it's getting the ball rolling a little bit. I think Kara's outreach is, is great, by the way. I know it takes time. It does. It did all this outreach is a lot of work. If you haven't done it, trust me, she's doing some work. So. But if, yeah, the idea is to lean into the, Try to do by Wednesday. I know I'm trying to like, quick. But if you could do it by Wednesday, they'll give you Thursday and Friday to send out samples to communicate and massage those relationships. Second thing, are you creating like, Discord groups with these affiliates? Yeah, we do have a Discord group that we've created, but we haven't really been pushing. We've just been focusing on pushing those invites out. So I think one of the learnings from today's note from you and our earlier discussion with Ariana also was that we'll probably try and activate those creators on through the Discord Channel a lot more and engage with them and provide them with support and, you know, really focus on building that community with them. Off of TikTok shop as well. Yeah, this isn't like an overnight thing, so it takes time. And so I, I think it's like anything you build relationship with these people. It's like we're all building relationship. Build trust. What you want to do. You, it does take time. I, I, I sincerely doubt it will happen by this fourth quarter, but you're, you're learning. This is really, this is Tick Tock's third Black Friday Cyber Monday campaign. Right. We're crushing every record we did last year. Last year we crushed every record we did. The year before. So as you can see, your experience this year, next year can be like, it could be a game changer for your company. So I think that, like, I think we just, we learn, we test. But I do think that the playbook really is higher. Commissions are 50%. That's out. That's outstanding. That's wonderful. Like, people are going to want to work with you. That's, that's the key. Do they want to work with you or they. Building content, those kind of things. So I think that's, that's kind of, that's a great play, by the way. Okay, question for them in terms of like, getting more mass, you know, affiliates and, and interested. Have you worked with brands in the past that have created webinars to funnel the affiliates in? Like, did you, like, instead of just reaching out to them one by one and saying, hey, are you interested? Like, hey. For more information, join this webinar and learn all about the brand and the perks and the incentives. Like, is that something that you see people work or is that just a waste of time? I've not seen it work and I, I would think just my gut feeling would probably be a waste of time. Because the reason why I say that is because the, it might work for like, bottom new affiliates, but the affiliates you really want are the tier three, tier fours, tier five affiliates. And they know how to do this. They know, I mean, they're, they're on onto it. One thing that I, I've. There's a, an account manager here is, I think, the best I've ever worked with. He says, in food and beverage. And I haven't really. You're the first merchant I've ever expressed this to you. But he says you got to be kind of careful sometimes in food and beverage. And the reason being when you pick your affiliates and it's kind of goes against everything I just said. He says that because the audiences to these affiliates, if I'm selling this drink and then I come back with a Celsius, you're like, where's the loyalty? Right? So there's, there's the brand loyalty. If, and that's something that you will build as like with your relationship with the brand. Like, if we're gonna do a beverage, let's. Let's just keep it with ours. Or could. What do we need to do to make sure you're doing R1 beverage and not like multiple beverages? Or if you're doing like a snack, a little sort of snack. Like, that's one of those things where I, it's kind of a, it's a fine dance, right? Because if, if you're, if you're an affiliate and you're, and you're in the food and beverage space of all, you're going to try different Barons and this snack's good, this drink's good, this energy drink, et cetera, et cetera. But the idea is if you could build these relationships with these affiliates and make it worth their while and just say, hey, don't work with our competitors or can we not, can we, can we have some kind of an agreement, something like that. I don't know. But like, it, it resonates with their audience better is what he was saying. And it makes a lot of sense to me. But as a. You're the first time I've really communicated that to a brand. I don't know if I communicated right. But I think that's something to at least ponder and think about because think about the audience perspective. Like if, if Gary's showing 50 different brands but he's always like, man, every time I work out, this is the drink I have. Like that, that builds, you know, trust and credibility. It's probably hard to do. It's probably in the gentleman I talked to works with some, the biggest brands in the whole company. So it might be a little easier from that, from that perspective. So something to think about. Right, Right. Okay. And then. Sorry, go ahead. No, I just had a quick question about third party vendors that manage affiliates because I've, I've had, I've gone on a couple consultation calls with folks that basically they already have a affiliate group worked out and they already have that loyalty there. And then basically you're just paying them a fee for managing the Tick Tock shop. What is your experience with those types of companies? Is it better to just build it out in house yourself or is it better to work with a third party that already has established affiliates? I'm gonna say depending on your experience. And so there's, there's learnings to be to be had on Tick Tock show. I learned every day like it's impossible for anybody. Says they're expert on it. I probably run because there's, it's impossible expert company's been, the shop's been around for two years. It's always changing. But I will tell you, the brand, like those companies you're, that you're talking to, they have a very good idea of what they're doing. They know like what works, what doesn't work and they have all their, their Affiliates that they work with, they have relationships with. I think there's, I think you could expedite the process faster by working with them. And I think there, I mean there's, if you ever want some recommendations, I could, I could send you some recommendations with agencies and that sort of thing. But I do think that there's a, there's a value there, but there's always got a, Is it worth it? Some of them, they charge astronomical amount of money and then some are a little bit lower. But I think you gotta find your sweet spot with them. But they do, they do bring some value from real value. So. Okay, you've never heard of a company called Brand Builders, have you? No, that doesn't, that doesn't resonate with me. I might have met them, but I, I, I, I would think that I probably, I probably work with everybody, but there's maybe not, I don't, that doesn't resonate with me. No. Okay, good. That, that's the only questions I had. Sorry for interrupting. Jeff, go ahead. No, no, I just wanted to pass it on to Soham because he is the person who really handles our advertising online. So Soham, if you have any questions or something that you want to clarify so that we can bring that to Jaka. Well, just wanted to get some idea about what Gary recommends. For example, the minimum budget of $200. One question would be based on what the amount of assets that we have right now. For example, some videos, three or four videos this week that we published. Do you think just those three videos will be able to spin through all of the budgets even if we, let's say allocate 200 a day? Or do you think they will end up spending maybe 20, 30 of the overall budget that we will allocate? How will that work? I, I honestly don't know the answer to that because I think that it depends on the video. It depends on like, I mean, any, some videos go viral. Right. So I mean, I don't know the answer to that. I just, as you're talking, I looked and I didn't see. Have you, I'm assuming you have an ad, a Tick Tock for business account, correct? Yes. Have you connected it to your shop, LinkedIn? The reason why I asked it, I don't see. Let me see. Yeah, so this is like your ad. So I don't see like, I don't see it usually. Like there'd be like things populated right here. I don't see that. So that makes me wonder if that makes me think that maybe the accounts is not, is not linked. You do have an ad ad account, right? Tick tock for business account. I believe so. I. Are you doing ads? No, not as of yet, no. No worries. That's why I don't see anything. That's, that's okay. I was just like, I, I have a feeling, but that, that makes a lot of sense. Okay, so that's. If you go into your seller center on the left side will be ads. You'll see that and you can kind of walk through that for the time being. You probably won't be assigned an account manager on the ads team, but I can give you a kind of high level advice on that. But I, I'm there. That's their, that's their pool they swim in. I don't necessarily swim in it, but I have enough to make me kind of dangerous, I suppose. But not, not. I'm not an expert by any means. Sure. So we'll just sign up for that ADS account then? Yeah, I mean, yeah, you just click on there. It's gonna be self service for the most part, but it'll be, you know, you could give you your budgets and dive into that a little bit. Sorian probably has a better understanding of it than I do, quite frankly. So Gary, one more question would be, let's say we launch the campus. What sort of objectives should we have, let's say for the first month and then the second month. How should it evolve with time? And what should be the KPIs based on which we should be optimizing the campaigns? Well, you'll have like your, your Rojas, your return on admin, that will give you all those data points and those metrics like where you are, where you should be. All the analytics that you could possibly dream up will be on there. I, I just don't think I could give you good advice on that, honestly. But I do think, I think that like when you first start, you wanna, you want people to sample your product. So typically if people aren't aware of your brand, you're going against like established brands that are already on the platform. Price, price can move people. Right. I mean, I mean it did as can. So I think I would, I would focus more on price and value at first just to get people to sample your product and if they like it, they're going to come back and pay regular. It's like traditional or the standard, you know, this consumer behavior. Right. That's one thing I would do. And then as you scale it kind of works this way with the affiliates too. Offer 50 until you get. Until you get enough of them. Then you can bring it down to 25, 20, 15, as long as the volume's there. So. Got it. Okay. And then I, I didn't ask. Are you doing FBT Fulfillment by Tick Tock? Yeah. And you guys got. You guys are working with Ryan. You're all, you're all. Everything's good. It makes me happy. I think everything else is there. It takes a while for it to start gaining. But if I could give you any strong recommendation, Sign up for Black Friday Cyber Monday if you're eligible for it. Is anybody in there? Are you eligible for it? I. I don't. I don't have access to see who's eligible, who's not. You're on mute. You're on mute. There you go. I did see a couple of prompts on my seller center saying that we should be inviting us to apply to bfcm. So let me go through that after this call and then come back to you. Hopefully, everything will pan out. Yes. I. I would assume if you're getting those emails, you're. You're qualified, you're fbt. I would be shocked if you weren't. Like, definitely participate in those. If you have any questions, let me know. But I think, I think you guys are doing. You guys are doing. Pushing all the right buttons, and so I think, you know, you'll be okay. Perfect. Oh, one other thing. Are you doing a Tick Tock exclusive variety pack? So we are. It's not a Tick Tock exclusive, but we're exclusively doing the affiliate program through TikTok, so we're not doing. Could you create a product that would be TikTok exclusive variety pack? Is it there? We don't have one in the works right now, but I could bring that to our founders and see what they have to say. People go crazy over things that are exclusively on Tick Tock. And I think that if you could do a package or a bundle that is only available on Tick Tock, I think that, that, that separates. I mean, the consumer is like, all right, I'm here, I'm engaged. I can buy here. Nowhere else. They like that, right? Or an lto, a limited time only. Or a limited time offer, like, on something that's like, new, unique. Yeah, that's what we were hoping to do, like, for our BFCM and going forward to kind of attract more creators. Do like a limited time offer where we probably do like a buy one, get one or something on those lines. We have a whole bunch of stock, so we were just kind of ideating on what we could come up with. I love that. That's, that's a good idea. You know, I, I doubt there's time but just thinking about 2026, there's a. If you ever, if you ever could like do like a collab with a celebrity of some sorts. It doesn't have to be a super celebrity, but could just be any like somebody with an audience. Those seem to do really well too because they'll do like tick tock lives. Hey, make sure you get my product. You know, that's kind of things, you know, those tend to do really well. I'll give you quite a great example. Like so I work with a guy actually. He just launched. His name is David Dobrik. He has a, he has a huge following. He's. He just launched his, his snack brand last. On the 8th, so last week and it's going crazy. He's doing really well. He has a massive audience but like he's created a snack brand and he's posting content with, with his, him and his celebrity friends and this doing, doing well. So I mean if you could connect those dots, I think especially like that his audience and this platform do really do really well. So if you could find like a, I guess like a celebrity influencer, if you could do that, that's, that that's kind of a game changer too. Sure. Sounds great. Sounds like the content is the main thing here, not the advertisement. Advertising is probably the secondary priority. Content is the first thing you need to get right. And also you couldn't be more right. You said, you said right. Absolutely. Also Gary, one more thing that you mentioned was about the account manager. So you said that we are not going to be eligible. So what would make us eligible? Well, it's, it's kind of a gray area and I'll tell you why. So for there's only so many account managers and like for me to work with me, you have to hit a certain bar. You guys hit it. So we work together but that's the same goes on the ad team and that bar, I don't even know the bar honestly. But it's right. It's like pretty significant adsman. And so when you start doing ad spends, they get alerted that hey, this brand is doing X, Y and Z. You'll, if you're spending enough, they'll reach out to you. I promise you on that. I get that. But also on the contrary, if you think about it, our brand is quite promising. We're a new emerging brand. We have been doing very well. And also at this point you can see we're connecting all the dots correctly. We're reaching out to influencers and we want to scale that up. Now if we want to do it right, if we want to be able to spend the right amount of money and scale it properly, we need some guidance, right? So if we want to be able to do that, we need some guidance. In that case would be, would it be possible for you to connect with account manager even if it's not, you know, complete management, Sometimes one on one calls with them, maybe weekly or bi weekly, something like that would be really helpful. I would do it but I can't give out internal information, contact information and every time I reach out it's kind of like, you know, no. And so like, and it goes both ways too. A lot of times people, hey Gary, I got a F B brand that, you know, launch. Can I work with them? And I'm like, basically, do they do $30 million a year? Do they have X and Y and that kind of thing? So it just, there's not a bandwidth. But I, I will tell you inside your TikTok Academy and you, there's every tool and resource imaginable. Is there like if you could literally ask it any questions and with adspin gmb Max, you say it and you'll give you a solution. And so, but yes, I, I, if I could, I would, I promise I, I would definitely, I would send an email right now, connect you to somebody like that too. Yeah, for sure. It's frowned upon. Well, if you can put some good words for us, our brand maybe will get picked faster. That would be great. I promise I would. Hey, I got you guys fbt. There's a wait list to get on fbt. You guys jumped everybody. So that's. I actually have a pretty decent relationship with Ryan. Never met the guy but he's in New York and I'm, I'm in Seattle. But we're building a pretty good relationship so he's helping out my brand so that's good. But I haven't, I have not been able to do the same on the ad Steam they're, they're a little tougher, I swear. But I'll try if I could for sure. Thank you Gary. We really appreciate it. Now I love watching the emerging brands more than anything. I really do. I mean I'm pulling for you. If you guys need anything, let me know. I'm here for sure. My, my last piece of thoughts. Please register for Black Friday Cyber Monday. That's that's what it is. And then Try to get 2, 000 outreaches per week, ideally by Wednesday. And I don't know if that's going to have a huge impact for 2025, but I think it's going to lean into Q1 to 2026 for definitely with the affiliates because it takes a while to send things and get that ball rolling. Content posted, that sort of thing. But I, I, I think that's, you'll see the benefits. I know you will. Perfect. Anything else? Quick? First of all, thank you for getting, for getting us off the wait list for fbt. I'm still waiting for Mighty Minis. It's in route, hopefully to Tik Tok Shop Fulfillment. Do we get, how do I know when we get notified, when they have the product? Will I get an email or how does that work? Yeah, as soon as it gets in, you'll be notified. It's called the inbound order. So the inbound will come in and then you'll say, hey, you know it's here. I, I don't, I don't know what it looks like, but there is some kind of connection and you can always ask Ryan too. Just say Ryan. Any status update on that? I don't, it's probably too late now. He's probably gone for the day, but maybe he's there, I don't know. But why not just ping them? See, see what's, see where the status update is. Okay, sounds good. So, Ariana, I could probably guide you through that after this call if you'd like. Yep, that'd be great. I just have a quick question. When you're saying like hundreds of pieces of content a day, do you mean solely from like the Joy Verse account or is that mixed with like the affiliates, like just in general, like, content? Regarding. Great question. I apologize if I was confusing. That number comes from affiliates. There's no way any brand would be able to do that. No, I'm glad you asked that. I'm very casual, so sometimes my casualness, like just comes through. Not as detailed as it needs to be. But that's a great question. Yes, that is. That ball goes to the affiliates, not the brand. So. Yes. Okay, thank you. Good question, Michael. And then on that same thought, when you're saying post that content from the affiliates, is it just the reposting of that content that we're talking about or then we kind of get hold of that content and sort of repurpose it ourselves? Well, to be totally transparent, that content is the affiliates content. So it's not really your content then you don't own it. They own it. But that's, that's where the, the number really is. If you reach out to 2,000 affiliates and let's say your conversion, what, 10% and you get to 200 affiliates, add those two, 200 affiliates you send samples to, you're not gonna get 200 affiliates even post. But let's say you get 175. That's pretty good. Maybe one hundred and fifty right in there. So then it's numbers get smaller and smaller. So the 150 post content out of the 150 half make an order or a GMV. So that's 75 out of that. 75. They're all not gonna, they're all good. They're gonna be different levels of GMV from each of them. And the ones that drive the most ufi, those are the ones you like. These are my super like affiliates. And then put them over here, treat them different, and then keep doing that over and over again until your super affiliates go into one bucket. And it, it does take time and it does take effort, but happens. And I'll give you great example built bar. If you just search them up and look at their content, I know they have a lot of, a lot of money behind them and, but, but they, and, but, and they've built, done a great job building the brand. But I'll tell you, they post so much content from affiliates. I mean, they're, in my opinion, probably one of the best brands that are utilizing TikTok Shop. And they're doing it like fabulously, quite frankly. That's great. Awesome. You know, one thing they do though, which I think is cool, it's they send their, their affiliates these boxes that look so nice and they'll open it and they'll say, oh my gosh, I got this. It'll be like a hat. It'll have like all this stuff. And it's like an affiliate box. Doesn't go to everybody, but it goes to the super affiliates. But it gets them excited and motivated to post content on the behalf of the brand. Right, right. Yes, we're on it. Awesome. This is great. If you need anything, let me know. You're my last meeting of the day, so I could run late if you, if you need, if you have more questions. Okay, great. Thank you so much. All right, you have a great day. It's nice seeing everybody. Thank you so much. Thank you. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Tremendous like response. It's great. I would. I still think you could sign up for. I think, I believe that if you go into your campaigns on the left, you'll see. Are you going to marketing campaigns? 3, 3 tabs down on the left you'll see Black. Black Friday Cyber Monday. I'm almost positive you qualify to register for it. If you want we can walk through it right now. But the, the, our platform fee is 6% campaigns. They usually charge another additional 1%. Plus they're gonna ask you to bring your, your, your price down for the campaigns. So if it makes economical sense, I'd strongly suggest doing it as far as like they're gonna actually do GMB Max, which is just ad. Just ads. But, but if I believe the lowest you could go is 200 a day. Almost positive on that. But when you set it up, you'll, you can see that under ads it'll say gmv. On the right side. The affiliate outreach at a thousand is good. You guys are like, that is, that is good. Like, that's. Congratulations. You guys are scratching the surface. But it literally like the best, like the best brands have thousands of pieces of content every month. And so, but I mean I know you're just getting your, your wings wet, so don't feel like you have to be up there with. But I'm just giving you like, like the North Star of like the, the top brands like Built Bar. These other ones are going to be a thousand plus content pieces per month and that means 250 to 300 easily, like weekly, maybe even daily on some days. And so those, that's kind of part of like the mix you want to. Content Keying campaigns is super, super important. You don't necessarily boosted. But if everybody else is doing it like right now, I mean it's gonna be tough to compete if everybody else is participating. And Black Friday Cyber Monday.

Speaker B: Yeah. So will the algorithm allow more traction for us if we've participated in the campaign?

Speaker A: Absolutely. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: That's kind of the, kind of like the purpose is to kind of gain more exposure. Engagement is the idea behind the campaigns.

Speaker B: And then with GMV Max, what is so sort of in your view the best practice of sorts for something like a, a new brand of, of our, of our standing because we're new to the TikTok shop and that ethos, so to speak, what according to you would be the best practice in terms of how much we could be spending or how much we should be pushing the product out?

Speaker A: I mean, I think a lot of

Speaker B: this I know that you mentioned the $200 minimum spend, but. But what, according to you, would you actually recommend for us to see some traction and see the algorithm pushing us?

Speaker A: Well, I don't know what your budgets are, but I have a lot of brands that, you know, they're 75k to 150k, like spends. It just depends. It just depends on your budget. But I mean, that's kind of the idea of the, of like the daily cap, if you will, kind of keeps you aligned of what your budgets are. But this is a great time to be on the platform. Engagement super high. But it's also very competitive right now. I mean, we have more brands leaning in. Everybody's trying to get a piece of that pie, so. But the, the pie is big. It's a huge pie. There's room for everybody. And so. But you just want to be cognizant of, of just getting, getting the, it's getting the ball rolling a little bit. I think Kara's outreach is, is great, by the way. I know it takes time. It does. It did all this outreach is a lot of work. If you haven't done it, trust me, she's doing some work. So. But if, yeah, the idea is to lean into the, Try to do by Wednesday. I know I'm trying to like, quick. But if you could do it by Wednesday, they'll give you Thursday and Friday to send out samples to communicate and massage those relationships. Second thing, are you creating like, Discord groups with these affiliates?

Speaker B: Yeah, we do have a Discord group that we've created, but we haven't really been pushing. We've just been focusing on pushing those invites out. So I think one of the learnings from today's note from you and our earlier discussion with Ariana also was that we'll probably try and activate those creators on through the Discord Channel a lot more and engage with them and provide them with support and, you know, really focus on building that community with them. Off of TikTok shop as well.

Speaker A: Yeah, this isn't like an overnight thing, so it takes time. And so I, I think it's like anything you build relationship with these people. It's like we're all building relationship. Build trust. What you want to do. You, it does take time. I, I, I sincerely doubt it will happen by this fourth quarter, but you're, you're learning. This is really, this is Tick Tock's third Black Friday Cyber Monday campaign.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: We're crushing every record we did last year. Last year we crushed every record we did. The year before. So as you can see, your experience this year, next year can be like, it could be a game changer for your company. So I think that, like, I think we just, we learn, we test. But I do think that the playbook really is higher. Commissions are 50%. That's out. That's outstanding. That's wonderful. Like, people are going to want to work with you. That's, that's the key. Do they want to work with you or they. Building content, those kind of things. So I think that's, that's kind of, that's a great play, by the way.

Speaker C: Okay, question for them in terms of like, getting more mass, you know, affiliates and, and interested. Have you worked with brands in the past that have created webinars to funnel the affiliates in? Like, did you, like, instead of just reaching out to them one by one and saying, hey, are you interested? Like, hey. For more information, join this webinar and learn all about the brand and the perks and the incentives. Like, is that something that you see people work or is that just a waste of time?

Speaker A: I've not seen it work and I, I would think just my gut feeling would probably be a waste of time. Because the reason why I say that is because the, it might work for like, bottom new affiliates, but the affiliates you really want are the tier three, tier fours, tier five affiliates. And they know how to do this. They know, I mean, they're, they're on onto it. One thing that I, I've. There's a, an account manager here is, I think, the best I've ever worked with. He says, in food and beverage. And I haven't really. You're the first merchant I've ever expressed this to you. But he says you got to be kind of careful sometimes in food and beverage. And the reason being when you pick your affiliates and it's kind of goes against everything I just said. He says that because the audiences to these affiliates, if I'm selling this drink and then I come back with a Celsius, you're like, where's the loyalty? Right? So there's, there's the brand loyalty. If, and that's something that you will build as like with your relationship with the brand. Like, if we're gonna do a beverage, let's. Let's just keep it with ours. Or could. What do we need to do to make sure you're doing R1 beverage and not like multiple beverages? Or if you're doing like a snack, a little sort of snack. Like, that's one of those things where I, it's kind of a, it's a fine dance, right? Because if, if you're, if you're an affiliate and you're, and you're in the food and beverage space of all, you're going to try different Barons and this snack's good, this drink's good, this energy drink, et cetera, et cetera. But the idea is if you could build these relationships with these affiliates and make it worth their while and just say, hey, don't work with our competitors or can we not, can we, can we have some kind of an agreement, something like that. I don't know. But like, it, it resonates with their audience better is what he was saying. And it makes a lot of sense to me. But as a. You're the first time I've really communicated that to a brand. I don't know if I communicated right. But I think that's something to at least ponder and think about because think about the audience perspective. Like if, if Gary's showing 50 different brands but he's always like, man, every time I work out, this is the drink I have. Like that, that builds, you know, trust and credibility. It's probably hard to do. It's probably in the gentleman I talked to works with some, the biggest brands in the whole company. So it might be a little easier from that, from that perspective. So something to think about.

Speaker B: Right, Right. Okay. And then. Sorry, go ahead.

Speaker C: No, I just had a quick question about third party vendors that manage affiliates because I've, I've had, I've gone on a couple consultation calls with folks that basically they already have a affiliate group worked out and they already have that loyalty there. And then basically you're just paying them a fee for managing the Tick Tock shop. What is your experience with those types of companies? Is it better to just build it out in house yourself or is it better to work with a third party that already has established affiliates?

Speaker A: I'm gonna say depending on your experience. And so there's, there's learnings to be to be had on Tick Tock show. I learned every day like it's impossible for anybody. Says they're expert on it. I probably run because there's, it's impossible expert company's been, the shop's been around for two years. It's always changing. But I will tell you, the brand, like those companies you're, that you're talking to, they have a very good idea of what they're doing. They know like what works, what doesn't work and they have all their, their Affiliates that they work with, they have relationships with. I think there's, I think you could expedite the process faster by working with them. And I think there, I mean there's, if you ever want some recommendations, I could, I could send you some recommendations with agencies and that sort of thing. But I do think that there's a, there's a value there, but there's always got a, Is it worth it? Some of them, they charge astronomical amount of money and then some are a little bit lower. But I think you gotta find your sweet spot with them. But they do, they do bring some value from real value. So.

Speaker C: Okay, you've never heard of a company called Brand Builders, have you?

Speaker A: No, that doesn't, that doesn't resonate with me. I might have met them, but I, I, I, I would think that I probably, I probably work with everybody, but there's maybe not, I don't, that doesn't resonate with me. No.

Speaker C: Okay, good. That, that's the only questions I had. Sorry for interrupting. Jeff, go ahead.

Speaker B: No, no, I just wanted to pass it on to Soham because he is the person who really handles our advertising online. So Soham, if you have any questions or something that you want to clarify so that we can bring that to Jaka.

Speaker D: Well, just wanted to get some idea about what Gary recommends. For example, the minimum budget of $200. One question would be based on what the amount of assets that we have right now. For example, some videos, three or four videos this week that we published. Do you think just those three videos will be able to spin through all of the budgets even if we, let's say allocate 200 a day? Or do you think they will end up spending maybe 20, 30 of the overall budget that we will allocate? How will that work?

Speaker A: I, I honestly don't know the answer to that because I think that it depends on the video. It depends on like, I mean, any, some videos go viral. Right. So I mean, I don't know the answer to that. I just, as you're talking, I looked and I didn't see. Have you, I'm assuming you have an ad, a Tick Tock for business account, correct?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Have you connected it to your shop, LinkedIn? The reason why I asked it, I don't see. Let me see. Yeah, so this is like your ad. So I don't see like, I don't see it usually. Like there'd be like things populated right here. I don't see that. So that makes me wonder if that makes me think that maybe the accounts is not, is not linked. You do have an ad ad account, right? Tick tock for business account.

Speaker B: I believe so.

Speaker C: I.

Speaker A: Are you doing ads? No, not as of yet, no. No worries. That's why I don't see anything. That's, that's okay. I was just like, I, I have a feeling, but that, that makes a lot of sense. Okay, so that's. If you go into your seller center on the left side will be ads. You'll see that and you can kind of walk through that for the time being. You probably won't be assigned an account manager on the ads team, but I can give you a kind of high level advice on that. But I, I'm there. That's their, that's their pool they swim in. I don't necessarily swim in it, but I have enough to make me kind of dangerous, I suppose. But not, not. I'm not an expert by any means.

Speaker B: Sure. So we'll just sign up for that ADS account then?

Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, yeah, you just click on there. It's gonna be self service for the most part, but it'll be, you know, you could give you your budgets and dive into that a little bit. Sorian probably has a better understanding of it than I do, quite frankly.

Speaker D: So Gary, one more question would be, let's say we launch the campus. What sort of objectives should we have, let's say for the first month and then the second month. How should it evolve with time? And what should be the KPIs based on which we should be optimizing the campaigns?

Speaker A: Well, you'll have like your, your Rojas, your return on admin, that will give you all those data points and those metrics like where you are, where you should be. All the analytics that you could possibly dream up will be on there. I, I just don't think I could give you good advice on that, honestly. But I do think, I think that like when you first start, you wanna, you want people to sample your product. So typically if people aren't aware of your brand, you're going against like established brands that are already on the platform. Price, price can move people. Right. I mean, I mean it did as can. So I think I would, I would focus more on price and value at first just to get people to sample your product and if they like it, they're going to come back and pay regular. It's like traditional or the standard, you know, this consumer behavior.

Speaker D: Right.

Speaker A: That's one thing I would do. And then as you scale it kind of works this way with the affiliates too. Offer 50 until you get. Until you get enough of them. Then you can bring it down to 25, 20, 15, as long as the volume's there. So.

Speaker D: Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: And then I, I didn't ask. Are you doing FBT Fulfillment by Tick Tock? Yeah. And you guys got. You guys are working with Ryan. You're all, you're all. Everything's good. It makes me happy. I think everything else is there. It takes a while for it to start gaining. But if I could give you any strong recommendation, Sign up for Black Friday Cyber Monday if you're eligible for it. Is anybody in there? Are you eligible for it? I. I don't. I don't have access to see who's eligible, who's not.

Speaker D: You're on mute.

Speaker A: You're on mute. There you go.

Speaker B: I did see a couple of prompts on my seller center saying that we should be inviting us to apply to bfcm. So let me go through that after this call and then come back to you. Hopefully, everything will pan out.

Speaker A: Yes. I. I would assume if you're getting those emails, you're. You're qualified, you're fbt. I would be shocked if you weren't. Like, definitely participate in those. If you have any questions, let me know. But I think, I think you guys are doing. You guys are doing. Pushing all the right buttons, and so I think, you know, you'll be okay.

Speaker C: Perfect.

Speaker A: Oh, one other thing. Are you doing a Tick Tock exclusive variety pack?

Speaker B: So we are. It's not a Tick Tock exclusive, but we're exclusively doing the affiliate program through TikTok, so we're not doing.

Speaker A: Could you create a product that would be TikTok exclusive variety pack? Is it there?

Speaker B: We don't have one in the works right now, but I could bring that to our founders and see what they have to say.

Speaker A: People go crazy over things that are exclusively on Tick Tock. And I think that if you could do a package or a bundle that is only available on Tick Tock, I think that, that, that separates. I mean, the consumer is like, all right, I'm here, I'm engaged. I can buy here. Nowhere else. They like that, right? Or an lto, a limited time only. Or a limited time offer, like, on something that's like, new, unique.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's what we were hoping to do, like, for our BFCM and going forward to kind of attract more creators. Do like a limited time offer where we probably do like a buy one, get one or something on those lines. We have a whole bunch of stock, so we were just kind of ideating on what we could come up with.

Speaker A: I love that. That's, that's a good idea. You know, I, I doubt there's time but just thinking about 2026, there's a. If you ever, if you ever could like do like a collab with a celebrity of some sorts. It doesn't have to be a super celebrity, but could just be any like somebody with an audience. Those seem to do really well too because they'll do like tick tock lives. Hey, make sure you get my product. You know, that's kind of things, you know, those tend to do really well. I'll give you quite a great example. Like so I work with a guy actually. He just launched. His name is David Dobrik. He has a, he has a huge following. He's. He just launched his, his snack brand last. On the 8th, so last week and it's going crazy. He's doing really well. He has a massive audience but like he's created a snack brand and he's posting content with, with his, him and his celebrity friends and this doing, doing well. So I mean if you could connect those dots, I think especially like that his audience and this platform do really do really well. So if you could find like a, I guess like a celebrity influencer, if you could do that, that's, that that's kind of a game changer too. Sure.

Speaker B: Sounds great.

Speaker D: Sounds like the content is the main thing here, not the advertisement. Advertising is probably the secondary priority. Content is the first thing you need to get right.

Speaker A: And also you couldn't be more right. You said, you said right. Absolutely.

Speaker D: Also Gary, one more thing that you mentioned was about the account manager. So you said that we are not going to be eligible. So what would make us eligible?

Speaker A: Well, it's, it's kind of a gray area and I'll tell you why. So for there's only so many account managers and like for me to work with me, you have to hit a certain bar. You guys hit it. So we work together but that's the same goes on the ad team and that bar, I don't even know the bar honestly. But it's right. It's like pretty significant adsman. And so when you start doing ad spends, they get alerted that hey, this brand is doing X, Y and Z. You'll, if you're spending enough, they'll reach out to you. I promise you on that.

Speaker D: I get that. But also on the contrary, if you think about it, our brand is quite promising. We're a new emerging brand. We have been doing very well. And also at this point you can see we're connecting all the dots correctly. We're reaching out to influencers and we want to scale that up. Now if we want to do it right, if we want to be able to spend the right amount of money and scale it properly, we need some guidance, right? So if we want to be able to do that, we need some guidance. In that case would be, would it be possible for you to connect with account manager even if it's not, you know, complete management, Sometimes one on one calls with them, maybe weekly or bi weekly, something like that would be really helpful.

Speaker A: I would do it but I can't give out internal information, contact information and every time I reach out it's kind of like, you know, no. And so like, and it goes both ways too. A lot of times people, hey Gary, I got a F B brand that, you know, launch. Can I work with them? And I'm like, basically, do they do $30 million a year? Do they have X and Y and that kind of thing? So it just, there's not a bandwidth. But I, I will tell you inside your TikTok Academy and you, there's every tool and resource imaginable. Is there like if you could literally ask it any questions and with adspin gmb Max, you say it and you'll give you a solution. And so, but yes, I, I, if I could, I would, I promise I, I would definitely, I would send an email right now, connect you to somebody like that too.

Speaker D: Yeah, for sure.

Speaker A: It's frowned upon.

Speaker D: Well, if you can put some good words for us, our brand maybe will get picked faster. That would be great.

Speaker A: I promise I would. Hey, I got you guys fbt. There's a wait list to get on fbt. You guys jumped everybody. So that's. I actually have a pretty decent relationship with Ryan. Never met the guy but he's in New York and I'm, I'm in Seattle. But we're building a pretty good relationship so he's helping out my brand so that's good. But I haven't, I have not been able to do the same on the ad Steam they're, they're a little tougher, I swear. But I'll try if I could for sure.

Speaker B: Thank you Gary. We really appreciate it.

Speaker A: Now I love watching the emerging brands more than anything. I really do. I mean I'm pulling for you. If you guys need anything, let me know. I'm here for sure. My, my last piece of thoughts. Please register for Black Friday Cyber Monday. That's that's what it is. And then Try to get 2, 000 outreaches per week, ideally by Wednesday. And I don't know if that's going to have a huge impact for 2025, but I think it's going to lean into Q1 to 2026 for definitely with the affiliates because it takes a while to send things and get that ball rolling. Content posted, that sort of thing. But I, I, I think that's, you'll see the benefits. I know you will.

Speaker B: Perfect.

Speaker A: Anything else?

Speaker C: Quick? First of all, thank you for getting, for getting us off the wait list for fbt. I'm still waiting for Mighty Minis. It's in route, hopefully to Tik Tok Shop Fulfillment. Do we get, how do I know when we get notified, when they have the product? Will I get an email or how does that work?

Speaker A: Yeah, as soon as it gets in, you'll be notified. It's called the inbound order. So the inbound will come in and then you'll say, hey, you know it's here. I, I don't, I don't know what it looks like, but there is some kind of connection and you can always ask Ryan too. Just say Ryan. Any status update on that? I don't, it's probably too late now. He's probably gone for the day, but maybe he's there, I don't know. But why not just ping them? See, see what's, see where the status update is.

Speaker C: Okay, sounds good.

Speaker B: So, Ariana, I could probably guide you through that after this call if you'd like.

Speaker C: Yep, that'd be great.

Speaker A: I just have a quick question. When you're saying like hundreds of pieces of content a day, do you mean solely from like the Joy Verse account

Speaker B: or is that mixed with like the affiliates, like just in general, like, content? Regarding.

Speaker A: Great question. I apologize if I was confusing. That number comes from affiliates. There's no way any brand would be able to do that. No, I'm glad you asked that. I'm very casual, so sometimes my casualness, like just comes through. Not as detailed as it needs to be. But that's a great question. Yes, that is. That ball goes to the affiliates, not the brand. So. Yes. Okay, thank you. Good question, Michael.

Speaker B: And then on that same thought, when you're saying post that content from the affiliates, is it just the reposting of that content that we're talking about or then we kind of get hold of that content and sort of repurpose it ourselves?

Speaker A: Well, to be totally transparent, that content is the affiliates content. So it's not really your content then you don't own it. They own it. But that's, that's where the, the number really is. If you reach out to 2,000 affiliates and let's say your conversion, what, 10% and you get to 200 affiliates, add those two, 200 affiliates you send samples to, you're not gonna get 200 affiliates even post. But let's say you get 175. That's pretty good. Maybe one hundred and fifty right in there. So then it's numbers get smaller and smaller. So the 150 post content out of the 150 half make an order or a GMV. So that's 75 out of that. 75. They're all not gonna, they're all good. They're gonna be different levels of GMV from each of them. And the ones that drive the most ufi, those are the ones you like. These are my super like affiliates. And then put them over here, treat them different, and then keep doing that over and over again until your super affiliates go into one bucket. And it, it does take time and it does take effort, but happens. And I'll give you great example built bar. If you just search them up and look at their content, I know they have a lot of, a lot of money behind them and, but, but they, and, but, and they've built, done a great job building the brand. But I'll tell you, they post so much content from affiliates. I mean, they're, in my opinion, probably one of the best brands that are utilizing TikTok Shop. And they're doing it like fabulously, quite frankly.

Speaker B: That's great. Awesome.

Speaker A: You know, one thing they do though, which I think is cool, it's they send their, their affiliates these boxes that look so nice and they'll open it and they'll say, oh my gosh, I got this. It'll be like a hat. It'll have like all this stuff. And it's like an affiliate box. Doesn't go to everybody, but it goes to the super affiliates. But it gets them excited and motivated to post content on the behalf of the brand.

Speaker B: Right, right. Yes, we're on it. Awesome.

Speaker A: This is great. If you need anything, let me know. You're my last meeting of the day, so I could run late if you, if you need, if you have more questions.

Speaker B: Okay, great. Thank you so much.

Speaker A: All right, you have a great day. It's nice seeing everybody. Thank you so much.

Speaker B: Thank you.

Speaker A: Bye.

