Transcript for: Recording__1265.mp4
Title: Recording #1265
============================================================

Which ones? But they mentioned they're at 50 locations right now. Okay, 50. 50. Yes. Okay. Okay. And then is there any plans for more locations or it's just the 50, like, test run right now? Well, this is just a test run, so that's what we're trying to. That's why we are trying to do Instacart and see if we can drive some velocity. Okay, perfect. And then that started two weeks ago. Do you have any insight into how it's doing in brick and mortar right now? Well, it's. It hasn't been two weeks yet, Lily. For the Costco Target. Yes. But for. For Costco, it's been. I'm not certain how long it has been there, but we are running ads for just the last two or three days. Yeah, I know. Ads. I just saw that they posted that, like, they started the rotation, like, two weeks ago. So I was just curious how it's going on that. Yeah, I wish we started earlier, but I. I mean, the decision was made very recently, so. Oh, no, no, I get it. I get it. You. You're. No, no. Like, harm, no foul. At least we're getting it done now. So then. Okay, so that was all I had for the actual protein. But a few questions on the hydration SKUs, because I kind of just want to go over everything today. Um, so those are in Target. How long have they been in Target? Do you know? They have been there for a couple of weeks, let's say. Okay, so they're still a little new, too. Yeah. Okay, so that makes sense, because typically with Target, they tend to take a little while to roll into our system. So that could be why the spend isn't super high right now. And then do you know if those single SKUs, like, the hydration ones, are they going into any other stores or are they just exclusive to Target right now? Yes. Okay, perfect. And then I saw that you had one campaign for all three flavors, but then the peach one was paused. Is there a reason for that? All three flavors at Target? Okay, yeah, I just saw that there's no campaign running for the peach flavor anymore. Ah, right. So. Because they wanted to advertise just two flavors, the one advertising right now. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And you. You wanted to know. I mean, I don't remember, but what you were saying is I started one campaign with all three flavors, and then I paused it. No, you had. So you had a. Sorry, I should have clarified. You had, like, separate campaigns for each flavor, and then the peach one was paused. So I'm curious, but Then you just answered me with the they only want to support the two flavors. And then I guess, like the other thing I just want to ask because it's been a while. So like, is there a reason specifically we came back to Instacart, is it just to support the target or is it because we're going into summer, so there's gonna be a lot of hydration stuff going then if you have that, it's mostly based on their needs. What I see is the need. I mean, this. Whenever there is a need to support Village Velocity, that's when on top of doing demos and everything else, we're also doing some Instacart ads. Okay, perfect. So then I'll get into. We'll start with the Protein Soda Max optimizations and like my suggestions for that just to really drive Velocity. And then as far as in the hydration piece, I'll kind of get into a tiny bit of performance and then we'll go into hydration optimizations and strategy as well. And then feel free to stop me if you have any questions. But so getting into the actual, like, how we can drive like real sales movement outside of just like the nicheness of protein soda, because when we're like looking at shoppers, specifically at Costco and even like Costco, same day delivery, Costco Instacart, like a lot of times they're coming and they know what they want. So we have to find them pretty much anywhere where they're searching and, and drive them to Joy Verse to tell them that, yeah, Joy Verse Protein Soda Max is here and like you need to purchase it. So with protein soda, it's already kind of like a niche product, so people aren't necessarily looking that up. And yeah, we're going to add a ton of other keywords to the campaign to try to bring more people to it. But I also think it could be a good idea to reach people out of aisle with a shoppable display. Again, really, just to help support that brand awareness. Because most people aren't going to be aware that Joy Burst has entered these specific Costco locations. So when we're like looking at it, obviously we're covering the lower funnel right now, which we'll expand that more too, because I have like hundreds of keywords that we can add to the campaign from like various categories. But then also we are going to want to make sure that we are creating that buzz so that people can be taken to the Joy Burst brand and enter the brand rather than just having to search really directly related keywords. We can get people shopping for protein like bars or for something else like that. And we can pull the Basket Affinities for Joy Burst and really target people who are likely to buy Joy Burst with these other products based on like the history of their purchases. Yeah. So with that it comes. So with the display you can actually do behavioral targeting as well. So with this, like I think we should honestly probably get pretty upper funnel here so that we can hit a lot of customers and push them in the like direction of Joy Burst. Now this isn't as like of a quick converting campaign as like a sponsored product for example, but if we really want to ensure that we are driving velocity and getting in front of as many eyes and giving us as many opportunities for purchase as possible, we're going to want to hit people like in the category as well as people have interacted with the category. And then also just keywords of again Basket Affinities. So like if Joy Burst is frequently purchased with like prepackaged salads for example, like we're going to want to target that category as well because that's a high affinity category. So we can build out a shoppable display and even if we have a video, like if you have any video content, that could also be good because shoppable videos are typically a little more engaging for the consumer as well. But I definitely think we should incorporate display into our strategy here. But then on top of that, I also pulled a ton more keywords that we can throw into the manual campaigns for just the sponsor product as well so that you can just be winning over more shelf placements. I noticed that you mainly were doing soda keywords for the protein soda manual. So I pulled all of the trending soda keywords from the last three months. And then if you want a more narrow window, window, I also did the last two months and then these are keywords that have contributed to Joy Burst sales over the last few months as well. So those could just be some quick, easy ones to throw in there. And you can take out any like Joy Burst related keywords. If you don't want like anybody who's searching Joy Burst already to pay for that, click. Obviously like you can take these out but like all these other ones like could be good just to have for when just again to win as many shelf placements as possible. And then I'm rambling too. So do you have any questions so far? No, no, this is all great. What I would want to ask is I see you have more than 100 keywords here. Yeah. And do you think segmenting these keywords across several campaigns is a good idea? Or if we just put everything in one campaign, that also works. I think segmenting them across different campaigns is good because then, like, let's say, like, we find that the soda campaign is like, performing better and driving more sales, we may want to increase bids on only those keywords versus, like, if we're doing, like, performance, nutrition, shake keywords. And like, let's say that's not driving as much sales as we want. Like, it's easier to move budget around when we have, like, separate campaigns going at once. Yeah. Okay. And. And one question you said I. You have noticed that I have, I have started advertising with the soda keywords and the first set of keywords that you have shown me, those are also soda keywords. Right. This is just a little more extensive because I pulled this from our internal system. So in the soft drinks category, these are the trending keywords. So there's a little bit more, I think, than what you put into your campaign just so that we. All of them. So would you recommend that I add all. It looks like there are at least 800 keywords. Would you recommend that I add all of them? Yeah, if our main goal is to, like, drive velocity and sales, we want to win over as many placements as possible. So I would recommend, like, adding all of them. Like, if you. We wanted to like, run this through Claude or something to see if there's any like, super irrelevant keywords that like, there's no way that they would drive sale. But I think since they're all in the soft drinks category already, like, there is a likelihood that they could convert a customer in Costco. So I think we add all of them and you can, we can even narrow the, like, time period if you want. So if you only want it for the popular words of the last month, we can do that. Then this is over the last two months and then this over the last three months. So it really just depends on how broad we want to get. But I, I think the broader is better because again, we're creating more opportunity to drive sales more keywords. And I understand these are from your internal system, but for a brand, if, if a brand, let's say us, we want to come up with this, see this, get this, insights. Is there a way for us to get that data using the Instacart platform? Unfortunately, this is only something that, like, we can pull internally because it's, like, considered, like, this isn't considered confidential, but, like, it shows other metrics. Internally, like how many times it's searched and everything like that, which is confidential. So the only way you can get these is from me, but I can, like send these to you pretty much whenever you need them. And you can also see search volume and then clicks impression, all of those stuff. So not impression, but like search volume and then sales from search. Yeah. And so these are ranked in order of search volume. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So all of these that I have, all these lists are ranked in order of search volume. So you'll know that like as. So as you get further down, the less popular the keyword is essentially. But then, yeah, I put it together for all of these categories that are like, even like remotely close to like Joy Burst offerings for like, because protein soda is in the performance nutrition, like, like adjacent. So I put that there. And then also sports drink is a good one to throw in. And then their old category was Value Add Water. So I also think that that could be a beneficial one to add some in there as well. And then also just I know there are two competitors in Costco right now are Gourmet or Genius Gourmet and then Protein Pop. So any of those branded keywords, which I think you already are doing. So is there a way of targeting competitors other than using keywords? The only way to target competitors other than using keywords would be in a display campaign. And it would be just across your whole category. You can't do like, specific competitors, unfortunately. So, like in your, like, display campaign, you could do like buys my category, but not my brand. So that would be like anybody in the. I. I guess their top category would be. We could technically target all these categories. So you could say buy soft drinks, not my brand. Buys performance nutrition, not my band. All of those. Just no specific brands. Got it. Okay. Yeah. So the recommendation here is that we, if we really want traffic, we utilize all of these different sets of keywords and launch different campaigns and what sort of campaigns. Okay, so it has to be manual setup. Right. Because we are trying to add. Yeah. So most of them I'm recommending manual. And then I do think you should have one optimized always on. So that's always learning keywords as well in case there's any that we can't come up with. But yeah, I would definitely have like most of these. Like, these all have to be manual. So it would be 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 manual campaigns, which is. Sorry, sorry. Jinx. Sorry. You can go ahead. No, I was just going to ask you about the bid. So right now you'll see we're pretty aggressive. We are probably bidding. The default is 6.75 $. What sort of bid would you recommend? Is it too aggressive or is it okay? Or is it going to be better if we, is it going to be okay if we bid a little lower than that? What is your recommendation? I think that it dep. Okay, so it depends. So if your only goal is to drive velocity and there's no ROAS tied to it whatsoever, aggressive is always going to be the best bet because it's also a second price auction model. So you're only paying a cent more than your second best competitor. So like theoretically most brands aren't bidding that aggressively. Now I in the protein category for example, so like pro performance nutrition, they probably are bidding that aggressively because that's a very competitive category. But for something like soft drinks or like value added water, it's probably not going to be as like competitive. So your second price auction model will probably like bring you down to like lower than that. Like if we even look at the campaigns now for like the protein soda, like your average cost per click is like around like 3 to like 4:30. So you're lower than your bid that you've been setting. So I recommend like keeping the more aggressive bids. But if there's like a ROAS component tied to it, then like you may want to lower them. But if the whole goal is just driving velocity, more competitive is better. Got it. Okay. And also you see, I have so many questions, but this one is about the optimized campaign. When I go for an optimized campaign, there are different options. So for example, I'm not sure if it is with the optimized campaign. I don't remember the exact. If you could pull up the interface the website and yeah. Could you click on Create campaign? Yeah, yeah. So here if you. Let's say click on maximum. So first of all, these objectives, talking about a little bit about these, I know when you select these they recommend different set of campaign types, right? Yeah. So max maximizers. Fine. Now if you scroll down you will see sponsor. Yeah, that's fine. That's the one that we're going to do. But for ad format it's only recommending the sponsored product. That's fine. Let's click on that and then it will show different objectives here. Right. In terms of like your off versus manual. Yeah. Okay. So optimized. Okay, I see what you, what's happening here. If you scroll up and then a little bit up and build your own click on build your own Then if you select sponsored product and scroll down, there are I think more options first of all accelerated. This one doesn't show up all the time. For some reason I couldn't figure out when it shows up and when it doesn't. Yeah, talking about the bidding and audience part, there are four different options here. Manual is of course totally manual. But talking about the other three, what does these, what do these things do? So the optimized new to brand for example is just going after new to brand customers. So typically those are going to be more generic keywords and it's going to again like target, just broader than max sales. Max sales goal is just it's almost to optimize to roas or just to drive sales with like no other thing in mind. Like so it could just be going after a ton of repeat purchasers and like that's where they're getting all the sales from. Acquire, slash, boost new to brand is specifically going after people who have not purchased your products before. So with, with max sales that's a good one because it's just going to go after whoever and then acquire will go after new to brands. So one beneficial thing a lot of people do is they will do one like optimized, acquired, new to brand campaign and all of the words learning are just new to brand words. So again a little more generic and like it's going to be again lower roas. But like if rod is not a concern then like it's a good one just to have that learning model going. Whereas max sales is just kind of finding wherever it can get sales and we'll keep it efficient. Right. I feel like optimize maximize sales is a combination of two other options new to brand and then repeat sales. So this is in beta. So this is still being tested out right now. So like I don't have too much to say on this one and I'm not even sure if you can actually do sponsored product for this. I haven't heard of anyone doing this yet. It's still very new and I don't even know if this. Is this an option on your end or is it just on mine? It is, yeah. So I'd have to look more into it but I would assume it's just targeting repeat purchase purchasers which again I think would mainly be through like branded keywords like joy burrs, like all of those sorts of keywords or just like really niche specific ones. So that's probably gonna be the lowest like SC or scale campaign of the right. One big piece of puzzle that I could never resolve is. I mean, let's say we are doing a manual keyword targeting campaign and then after running it for two weeks, let's say we have seen 100 conversions. But then when I go to the ad group and then the keyword tab and download a report, the orders, the number of attributed orders from that report, it never adds up to 100. So. So that's because. Oh, sorry, I don't cut you off. Yeah, no, no, that's. That's the question. So I keep wondering, like, what happens where. Where are all the sales coming from? Yeah. So essentially I'll actually pull up Instacart site real quick. So Sponsored Product doesn't just place you in the search, it also will occasionally place you in a few other sections of the shopping journey. So part of Sponsored Product is gonna be out here in this browse feature. So, like, see how this one, Kodiak is sponsored. So if I were to add that to Cart and purchase it, that's attributed to the ad, but it's not a specific keyword that I'm buying it from. So that's why. And then same with Buy It Again, like, Buy It Again, you'll also find that there's like sponsored products and Buy It Again as well. When someone purchases from Buy It Again, that's attributed to the ads, but it's not attributed to any specific keywords. And then also. Did you forget? So after someone checks out, there's also sponsored placements for. Did you forget? That's another one that attributes to ads. Awesome. Okay, thank you for that. All these things that you were talking about is this. Is there some kind of training material from Instacart where we can read? Yeah. So there's like an ads academy, like certification you can get, and it's basically going to walk you through pretty much all this stuff. And then also I can pull that sort of data as well. So if we wanted to see a breakout of what percentage of total sales are coming from sponsor or from search, browse, Buy It Again. Did you forget that's something I can pull and share with you as well? Okay, maybe not right now because we haven't done much. So. Yeah. In like, maybe like a month or two. Like, that's like a good one that we can really dive into. Right. I'm not sure if they're going to run for a month or two. Let's see. I mean, I'll. I'll get into that as well, because while I don't think, like protein soda is gonna go for a Month or two. Obviously I do think there is benefit in doing evergreen for the hydration skews. Specifically the target one Y going to be an evergreen one if we see some benefit. Okay, yeah. So then we'll get a little more. Do we want to also like do it? Okay, so actually getting back into the target one for a second. Are there any specific KPIs they care about in Target? Like, I know velocity is the main thing for Costco, but something different for Target. There are so. So we have to. And I did the math, but I don't remember the numbers right now. There are certain velocity targets. So for example, if we do somewhere around 25 to 30 units a day, I'm just. This is not the accurate number, but just give you an idea. If we can reach that number, that is a good amount. Good amount, good velocity. It will definitely help. Okay, so is the only goal velocity with target 2 or is there also like a sales efficiency like Roas or new to brand concern, mostly velocity. Okay, perfect. So then. And then do you have set aside budget for target or again, is it like any amount by velocity? Because like that will also depend on how much velocity we can move. Well, let's say $6,000. Okay, 6,000amonth. That's like what. How much is that a day? 200 a day. I mean that'll move some units. But if velocity is like the main goal, like we'd probably need much higher than to move 25 to 30 units. Would you rec. How much would you recommend it? Two 25 to 230 units a day. That's like really hard to like, you know, know decipher because it's only store. I would say like. But velocity, if that's the main goal, like I would recommend a thousand a day. No, no. Let me give you some idea about the product. So those are one cans that we trying to sell at 100. Yeah, yeah. So probably $4 or $3 worth. Yeah, I mean I would still recommend going higher. A thousand a day may be crazy, but like also it will spend through the amount it's going to spend through. So if you allot a thousand and it does, it could still only spend like 500. It's just you're giving yourself a higher ceiling for it to spend to and giving you more like ability to push more units. So I would say yeah, but getting into that, we can go back to here over the like the recommendation for the. We kind of already went through the recommendation. So I guess I can just get into my recommendation for the Hydration. Unless you would also like to see some performance stuff on Joy Burst or would you just prefer to get right into the wreck? You know, mostly velocity. That's the main goal. So looking at your. I'm going to show you Joy Burst, like sales versus stores. Are you seeing my screen? Oh, there we go. Sorry, I was taking a second. So when you had ads live last time, so this is your sales versus store count. I couldn't pull velocity specific to any UPCs. It's only just overall, which is harder to track because you have your club skus and all this other stuff. So I showed like just your sales versus store count, which I can divide up into velocity if we wanted to get into that as well. But you'll notice that like your highest increase in like sales in comparison to distribution was the month that like we went really like aggressive with ads and then we had another increase in sales in January without an increase in distribution. But there's also like other factors. Like I think there were more product launches in January and then also January's new year new use. There's a lot of like that seasonality traffic there. So when we're talking about like velocity and just your overall sales performance in comparison to the amount of stores you were in, like the bottom peak of stores was in September. Yet like that was like your highest, their highest month of sales in the year of 2025. So in terms of driving velocity, like spend has proven to be able to do that. And then also when we're just looking at the individual target skews, like right now, like they are pretty, like there is not really much sales history on them. I know that they're like still pretty new to market. So like, obviously they're going to have to ramp up. But the nice opportunity about the singles is that they are there to drive trial and bring people into the brand. So like, again, but like, you know this, so I won't go over that too much. But like driving trial with these skus and really pushing them will be good to help like build their growth over time as well and also hopefully funnel people into the bigger products like the variety packs and stuff like that. And then also looking into the future for. So their hydration skews are under the sports drink category. So when we look at the index sales of the sports drink category, they start to peak in the summer. So like you started ads like right around here where it's starting to go up or not right around here? Yeah, like around here where it's starting to go up. And like we're going to start seeing that more and more people are coming into the sports drink category as we get deeper into the warmer months. So again, it's kind of a good time if we are talking about velocity. Like, it's like really capturing category share and visibility during this time of year will be important for driving velocity because a lot of people are coming to Target already to buy sports drinks at this time of year. So it's making sure that you're the sports drink they buy over some of these other competitors, like, I don't know, Gatorade or something like that, which I know is a little different. But the hydration piece, like there is a functional element to the Target skus that I do think we should lean into when we're like advertising in Target. So like maybe a shoppable display showing. Oh, like we have lion's mane in our hydration beverages and kind of educating the customer on, you know, why Joy verse is different from all these other sports drinks and why people need to buy Joy versus specifically. Got it. Okay. And then. Oh, sorry. Go ahead. I'll let you finish this one. Sorry. No, no. I was literally going to move on to the next thing, so I want to hear your. I was also going to move on. Was the same thing that we talk more about the protein soda Max, because we just discussed the keywords, but you had more. Yeah. So the protein soda Max, the. I was mainly just going over keywords and then thinking that we should do a display while it's in stores. A shoppable display. So for that we just need the assets, which is just like the, you know, you did one for the protein coffee back in like September. So we just need the same like size assets for that. And it should be a shoppable display. And we can run like maybe one or two. We can do one optimized shoppable display, which I'm going to go back a bit to my recommendation. For the shoppable display, I think we should do one that is fully optimized campaign. So the computer is going to just try to find people in like where like it can get sales from that shoppable display. And then we should do one that we can control ourselves. So that's going to be targeting category buyers, people who've interacted with the categories, all adjacent categories as well, and then all the keywords from the adjacent categories and then Basket Affinities for Joy Burst as well. Got it. Okay. Which I can pull all this data for you and then we can build this out together if you want. We have the creatives ready, so. Oh yeah. Do you want to do it right now or. We're over time, so. No, no, it's fine. You can send it to me later. I'm probably not going to send these up today at least, so maybe Monday would be fine. If you send them on Monday. Okay, yeah, I'll send you all the targeting that we need for that as well as keywords. I'll label it so that you know where everything's going. And then I'll try to also like send over some more target key, like for target, like those keywords as well. And then for display for Target, obviously, like we can kind of peel into that later if we want. But for Joy Burst display, I would rec. Or the protein display, I should say. Like I would recommend probably setting that one up sooner rather than later. But yeah, I'll send everything over to you and then we can go from there. But do we want to meet again in like two weeks to a month to go more in depth on the target stuff or even to set up a display for Target? Well, here's what I'll say. I think because this is really, really urgent, I may get into some kind of problems and then I may need some support. So instead of doing it, let's say after two weeks, I may reach out to you sooner. So I'm, we could do it weekly if you want. Or you know, we may also exchange emails. So yeah, I'm open to whatever call or emails, everything works. Okay. But I just want to tell you that I may need some support during this time because I'm not sure how long. Maybe a couple more weeks is what we have for this. For this one. Sku. Yeah. Okay, so then I'll, I, I'll send you my number too. So if you have any important things. And then also if you want like a day of meeting scheduled or anything like that, you can just send me like some email. Be like. Or like just like do some like crazy like subject urgent need to meet today and like we can throw something on the calendar for that day. Sure, yeah. And then, yeah, so I'll send you all of this and then let me know if you run into anything. Also if like anything comes up, even over the weekend, like if you call me like all. Don't worry about that. No, I'm not going to bother you that much. You need to though. I'm here because I do know that these like cost quotations are very crucial for performance. So anything you need, I'm here. Thank you so much. Yeah, of course. So I'll send you all these keywords like right now, right after this and then I'll probably send you the display like plan like later today just because it's going to take a little bit for me to like put it all out into paper and since you're starting at Monday, I think it should be fine later today if you're good with that. Yeah, that'll be fine. Great. Well then is there anything else you want to cover? No, this is everything. This was very thorough. Thank you so much for preparing it. Please do send over this deck. Yeah. Oh and the list of keywords, please do send that. Yeah, of course. I'll send all of that right after this. Okay, awesome. Thank you so much. Have a nice, have a good one. Soham. Yeah. Bye now. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Which ones? But they mentioned they're at 50 locations right now.

Speaker B: Okay, 50.

Speaker A: 50. Yes.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. And then is there any plans for more locations or it's just the 50, like, test run right now?

Speaker A: Well, this is just a test run, so that's what we're trying to. That's why we are trying to do Instacart and see if we can drive some velocity.

Speaker B: Okay, perfect. And then that started two weeks ago. Do you have any insight into how it's doing in brick and mortar right now?

Speaker A: Well, it's. It hasn't been two weeks yet, Lily. For the Costco Target. Yes. But for. For Costco, it's been. I'm not certain how long it has been there, but we are running ads for just the last two or three days.

Speaker B: Yeah, I know. Ads. I just saw that they posted that, like, they started the rotation, like, two weeks ago. So I was just curious how it's going on that.

Speaker A: Yeah, I wish we started earlier, but I. I mean, the decision was made very recently, so.

Speaker B: Oh, no, no, I get it. I get it.

Speaker A: You.

Speaker B: You're. No, no. Like, harm, no foul. At least we're getting it done now. So then. Okay, so that was all I had for the actual protein. But a few questions on the hydration SKUs, because I kind of just want to go over everything today. Um, so those are in Target. How long have they been in Target? Do you know?

Speaker A: They have been there for a couple of weeks, let's say.

Speaker B: Okay, so they're still a little new, too.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so that makes sense, because typically with Target, they tend to take a little while to roll into our system. So that could be why the spend isn't super high right now. And then do you know if those single SKUs, like, the hydration ones, are they going into any other stores or are they just exclusive to Target right now?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Okay, perfect. And then I saw that you had one campaign for all three flavors, but then the peach one was paused. Is there a reason for that?

Speaker A: All three flavors at Target?

Speaker B: Okay, yeah, I just saw that there's no campaign running for the peach flavor anymore.

Speaker A: Ah, right. So. Because they wanted to advertise just two flavors, the one advertising right now. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. And you. You wanted to know. I mean, I don't remember, but what you were saying is I started one campaign with all three flavors, and then I paused it.

Speaker B: No, you had. So you had a. Sorry, I should have clarified. You had, like, separate campaigns for each flavor, and then the peach one was paused. So I'm curious, but Then you just answered me with the they only want to support the two flavors. And then I guess, like the other thing I just want to ask because it's been a while. So like, is there a reason specifically we came back to Instacart, is it just to support the target or is it because we're going into summer, so there's gonna be a lot of hydration stuff going then if you have that,

Speaker A: it's mostly based on their needs. What I see is the need. I mean, this. Whenever there is a need to support Village Velocity, that's when on top of doing demos and everything else, we're also doing some Instacart ads.

Speaker B: Okay, perfect. So then I'll get into. We'll start with the Protein Soda Max optimizations and like my suggestions for that just to really drive Velocity. And then as far as in the hydration piece, I'll kind of get into a tiny bit of performance and then we'll go into hydration optimizations and strategy as well. And then feel free to stop me if you have any questions. But so getting into the actual, like, how we can drive like real sales movement outside of just like the nicheness of protein soda, because when we're like looking at shoppers, specifically at Costco and even like Costco, same day delivery, Costco Instacart, like a lot of times they're coming and they know what they want. So we have to find them pretty much anywhere where they're searching and, and drive them to Joy Verse to tell them that, yeah, Joy Verse Protein Soda Max is here and like you need to purchase it. So with protein soda, it's already kind of like a niche product, so people aren't necessarily looking that up. And yeah, we're going to add a ton of other keywords to the campaign to try to bring more people to it. But I also think it could be a good idea to reach people out of aisle with a shoppable display. Again, really, just to help support that brand awareness. Because most people aren't going to be aware that Joy Burst has entered these specific Costco locations. So when we're like looking at it, obviously we're covering the lower funnel right now, which we'll expand that more too, because I have like hundreds of keywords that we can add to the campaign from like various categories. But then also we are going to want to make sure that we are creating that buzz so that people can be taken to the Joy Burst brand and enter the brand rather than just having to search really directly related keywords. We can get people shopping for protein like bars or for something else like that. And we can pull the Basket Affinities for Joy Burst and really target people who are likely to buy Joy Burst with these other products based on like the history of their purchases. Yeah. So with that it comes. So with the display you can actually do behavioral targeting as well. So with this, like I think we should honestly probably get pretty upper funnel here so that we can hit a lot of customers and push them in the like direction of Joy Burst. Now this isn't as like of a quick converting campaign as like a sponsored product for example, but if we really want to ensure that we are driving velocity and getting in front of as many eyes and giving us as many opportunities for purchase as possible, we're going to want to hit people like in the category as well as people have interacted with the category. And then also just keywords of again Basket Affinities. So like if Joy Burst is frequently purchased with like prepackaged salads for example, like we're going to want to target that category as well because that's a high affinity category. So we can build out a shoppable display and even if we have a video, like if you have any video content, that could also be good because shoppable videos are typically a little more engaging for the consumer as well. But I definitely think we should incorporate display into our strategy here. But then on top of that, I also pulled a ton more keywords that we can throw into the manual campaigns for just the sponsor product as well so that you can just be winning over more shelf placements. I noticed that you mainly were doing soda keywords for the protein soda manual. So I pulled all of the trending soda keywords from the last three months. And then if you want a more narrow window, window, I also did the last two months and then these are keywords that have contributed to Joy Burst sales over the last few months as well. So those could just be some quick, easy ones to throw in there. And you can take out any like Joy Burst related keywords. If you don't want like anybody who's searching Joy Burst already to pay for that, click. Obviously like you can take these out but like all these other ones like could be good just to have for when just again to win as many shelf placements as possible. And then I'm rambling too. So do you have any questions so far?

Speaker A: No, no, this is all great. What I would want to ask is I see you have more than 100 keywords here. Yeah. And do you think segmenting these keywords across several campaigns is a good idea? Or if we just put everything in one campaign, that also works.

Speaker B: I think segmenting them across different campaigns is good because then, like, let's say, like, we find that the soda campaign is like, performing better and driving more sales, we may want to increase bids on only those keywords versus, like, if we're doing, like, performance, nutrition, shake keywords. And like, let's say that's not driving as much sales as we want. Like, it's easier to move budget around when we have, like, separate campaigns going at once.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. And. And one question you said I. You have noticed that I have, I have started advertising with the soda keywords and the first set of keywords that you have shown me, those are also soda keywords. Right.

Speaker B: This is just a little more extensive because I pulled this from our internal system. So in the soft drinks category, these are the trending keywords. So there's a little bit more, I think, than what you put into your campaign just so that we.

Speaker A: All of them. So would you recommend that I add all. It looks like there are at least 800 keywords. Would you recommend that I add all of them?

Speaker B: Yeah, if our main goal is to, like, drive velocity and sales, we want to win over as many placements as possible. So I would recommend, like, adding all of them. Like, if you. We wanted to like, run this through Claude or something to see if there's any like, super irrelevant keywords that like, there's no way that they would drive sale. But I think since they're all in the soft drinks category already, like, there is a likelihood that they could convert a customer in Costco. So I think we add all of them and you can, we can even narrow the, like, time period if you want. So if you only want it for the popular words of the last month, we can do that. Then this is over the last two months and then this over the last three months. So it really just depends on how broad we want to get. But I, I think the broader is better because again, we're creating more opportunity to drive sales more keywords.

Speaker A: And I understand these are from your internal system, but for a brand, if, if a brand, let's say us, we want to come up with this, see this, get this, insights. Is there a way for us to get that data using the Instacart platform?

Speaker B: Unfortunately, this is only something that, like, we can pull internally because it's, like, considered, like, this isn't considered confidential, but, like, it shows other metrics. Internally, like how many times it's searched and everything like that, which is confidential. So the only way you can get these is from me, but I can, like send these to you pretty much whenever you need them.

Speaker A: And you can also see search volume and then clicks impression, all of those stuff.

Speaker B: So not impression, but like search volume and then sales from search. Yeah. And so these are ranked in order of search volume.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So all of these that I have, all these lists are ranked in order of search volume. So you'll know that like as. So as you get further down, the less popular the keyword is essentially. But then, yeah, I put it together for all of these categories that are like, even like remotely close to like Joy Burst offerings for like, because protein soda is in the performance nutrition, like, like adjacent. So I put that there. And then also sports drink is a good one to throw in. And then their old category was Value Add Water. So I also think that that could be a beneficial one to add some in there as well. And then also just I know there are two competitors in Costco right now are Gourmet or Genius Gourmet and then Protein Pop. So any of those branded keywords, which I think you already are doing.

Speaker A: So is there a way of targeting competitors other than using keywords?

Speaker B: The only way to target competitors other than using keywords would be in a display campaign. And it would be just across your whole category. You can't do like, specific competitors, unfortunately. So, like in your, like, display campaign, you could do like buys my category, but not my brand. So that would be like anybody in the. I. I guess their top category would be. We could technically target all these categories. So you could say buy soft drinks, not my brand. Buys performance nutrition, not my band. All of those. Just no specific brands.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So the recommendation here is that we, if we really want traffic, we utilize all of these different sets of keywords and launch different campaigns and what sort of campaigns. Okay, so it has to be manual setup. Right. Because we are trying to add.

Speaker B: Yeah. So most of them I'm recommending manual. And then I do think you should have one optimized always on. So that's always learning keywords as well in case there's any that we can't come up with. But yeah, I would definitely have like most of these. Like, these all have to be manual. So it would be 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 manual campaigns, which is.

Speaker A: Sorry, sorry.

Speaker B: Jinx. Sorry. You can go ahead.

Speaker A: No, I was just going to ask you about the bid. So right now you'll see we're pretty aggressive. We are probably bidding. The default is 6.75 $. What sort of bid would you recommend? Is it too aggressive or is it okay? Or is it going to be better if we, is it going to be okay if we bid a little lower than that? What is your recommendation?

Speaker B: I think that it dep. Okay, so it depends. So if your only goal is to drive velocity and there's no ROAS tied to it whatsoever, aggressive is always going to be the best bet because it's also a second price auction model. So you're only paying a cent more than your second best competitor. So like theoretically most brands aren't bidding that aggressively. Now I in the protein category for example, so like pro performance nutrition, they probably are bidding that aggressively because that's a very competitive category. But for something like soft drinks or like value added water, it's probably not going to be as like competitive. So your second price auction model will probably like bring you down to like lower than that. Like if we even look at the campaigns now for like the protein soda, like your average cost per click is like around like 3 to like 4:30. So you're lower than your bid that you've been setting. So I recommend like keeping the more aggressive bids. But if there's like a ROAS component tied to it, then like you may want to lower them. But if the whole goal is just driving velocity, more competitive is better.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay. And also you see, I have so many questions, but this one is about the optimized campaign. When I go for an optimized campaign, there are different options. So for example, I'm not sure if it is with the optimized campaign. I don't remember the exact. If you could pull up the interface the website and yeah. Could you click on Create campaign? Yeah, yeah. So here if you. Let's say click on maximum. So first of all, these objectives, talking about a little bit about these, I know when you select these they recommend different set of campaign types, right? Yeah. So max maximizers. Fine. Now if you scroll down you will see sponsor. Yeah, that's fine. That's the one that we're going to do. But for ad format it's only recommending the sponsored product. That's fine. Let's click on that and then it will show different objectives here. Right.

Speaker B: In terms of like your off versus manual.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. So optimized. Okay, I see what you, what's happening here. If you scroll up and then a little bit up and build your own click on build your own Then if you select sponsored product and scroll down, there are I think more options first of all accelerated. This one doesn't show up all the time. For some reason I couldn't figure out when it shows up and when it doesn't. Yeah, talking about the bidding and audience part, there are four different options here. Manual is of course totally manual. But talking about the other three, what does these, what do these things do?

Speaker B: So the optimized new to brand for example is just going after new to brand customers. So typically those are going to be more generic keywords and it's going to again like target, just broader than max sales. Max sales goal is just it's almost to optimize to roas or just to drive sales with like no other thing in mind. Like so it could just be going after a ton of repeat purchasers and like that's where they're getting all the sales from. Acquire, slash, boost new to brand is specifically going after people who have not purchased your products before. So with, with max sales that's a good one because it's just going to go after whoever and then acquire will go after new to brands. So one beneficial thing a lot of people do is they will do one like optimized, acquired, new to brand campaign and all of the words learning are just new to brand words. So again a little more generic and like it's going to be again lower roas. But like if rod is not a concern then like it's a good one just to have that learning model going. Whereas max sales is just kind of finding wherever it can get sales and we'll keep it efficient.

Speaker A: Right. I feel like optimize maximize sales is a combination of two other options new to brand and then repeat sales.

Speaker B: So this is in beta. So this is still being tested out right now. So like I don't have too much to say on this one and I'm not even sure if you can actually do sponsored product for this. I haven't heard of anyone doing this yet. It's still very new and I don't even know if this. Is this an option on your end or is it just on mine? It is, yeah. So I'd have to look more into it but I would assume it's just targeting repeat purchase purchasers which again I think would mainly be through like branded keywords like joy burrs, like all of those sorts of keywords or just like really niche specific ones. So that's probably gonna be the lowest like SC or scale campaign of the

Speaker A: right. One big piece of puzzle that I could never resolve is. I mean, let's say we are doing a manual keyword targeting campaign and then after running it for two weeks, let's say we have seen 100 conversions. But then when I go to the ad group and then the keyword tab and download a report, the orders, the number of attributed orders from that report, it never adds up to 100. So.

Speaker B: So that's because. Oh, sorry, I don't cut you off.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, no, that's. That's the question. So I keep wondering, like, what happens where. Where are all the sales coming from?

Speaker B: Yeah. So essentially I'll actually pull up Instacart site real quick. So Sponsored Product doesn't just place you in the search, it also will occasionally place you in a few other sections of the shopping journey. So part of Sponsored Product is gonna be out here in this browse feature. So, like, see how this one, Kodiak is sponsored. So if I were to add that to Cart and purchase it, that's attributed to the ad, but it's not a specific keyword that I'm buying it from. So that's why. And then same with Buy It Again, like, Buy It Again, you'll also find that there's like sponsored products and Buy It Again as well. When someone purchases from Buy It Again, that's attributed to the ads, but it's not attributed to any specific keywords. And then also. Did you forget? So after someone checks out, there's also sponsored placements for. Did you forget? That's another one that attributes to ads.

Speaker A: Awesome. Okay, thank you for that. All these things that you were talking about is this. Is there some kind of training material from Instacart where we can read?

Speaker B: Yeah. So there's like an ads academy, like certification you can get, and it's basically going to walk you through pretty much all this stuff. And then also I can pull that sort of data as well. So if we wanted to see a breakout of what percentage of total sales are coming from sponsor or from search, browse, Buy It Again. Did you forget that's something I can pull and share with you as well?

Speaker A: Okay, maybe not right now because we haven't done much. So.

Speaker B: Yeah. In like, maybe like a month or two. Like, that's like a good one that we can really dive into.

Speaker A: Right. I'm not sure if they're going to run for a month or two. Let's see.

Speaker B: I mean, I'll. I'll get into that as well, because while I don't think, like protein soda is gonna go for a Month or two. Obviously I do think there is benefit in doing evergreen for the hydration skews.

Speaker A: Specifically the target one Y going to be an evergreen one if we see some benefit.

Speaker B: Okay, yeah. So then we'll get a little more. Do we want to also like do it? Okay, so actually getting back into the target one for a second. Are there any specific KPIs they care about in Target? Like, I know velocity is the main thing for Costco, but something different for Target.

Speaker A: There are so. So we have to. And I did the math, but I don't remember the numbers right now. There are certain velocity targets. So for example, if we do somewhere around 25 to 30 units a day, I'm just. This is not the accurate number, but just give you an idea. If we can reach that number, that is a good amount. Good amount, good velocity. It will definitely help.

Speaker B: Okay, so is the only goal velocity with target 2 or is there also like a sales efficiency like Roas or new to brand concern, mostly velocity. Okay, perfect. So then. And then do you have set aside budget for target or again, is it like any amount by velocity? Because like that will also depend on how much velocity we can move.

Speaker A: Well, let's say $6,000.

Speaker B: Okay, 6,000amonth. That's like what. How much is that a day? 200 a day. I mean that'll move some units. But if velocity is like the main goal, like we'd probably need much higher

Speaker A: than to move 25 to 30 units. Would you rec. How much would you recommend it?

Speaker B: Two 25 to 230 units a day. That's like really hard to like, you know, know decipher because it's only store. I would say like. But velocity, if that's the main goal, like I would recommend a thousand a day.

Speaker A: No, no. Let me give you some idea about the product. So those are one cans that we trying to sell at 100. Yeah, yeah. So probably $4 or $3 worth.

Speaker B: Yeah, I mean I would still recommend going higher. A thousand a day may be crazy, but like also it will spend through the amount it's going to spend through. So if you allot a thousand and it does, it could still only spend like 500. It's just you're giving yourself a higher ceiling for it to spend to and giving you more like ability to push more units. So I would say yeah, but getting into that, we can go back to here over the like the recommendation for the. We kind of already went through the recommendation. So I guess I can just get into my recommendation for the Hydration. Unless you would also like to see some performance stuff on Joy Burst or would you just prefer to get right into the wreck?

Speaker A: You know, mostly velocity. That's the main goal.

Speaker B: So looking at your. I'm going to show you Joy Burst, like sales versus stores. Are you seeing my screen? Oh, there we go. Sorry, I was taking a second. So when you had ads live last time, so this is your sales versus store count. I couldn't pull velocity specific to any UPCs. It's only just overall, which is harder to track because you have your club skus and all this other stuff. So I showed like just your sales versus store count, which I can divide up into velocity if we wanted to get into that as well. But you'll notice that like your highest increase in like sales in comparison to distribution was the month that like we went really like aggressive with ads and then we had another increase in sales in January without an increase in distribution. But there's also like other factors. Like I think there were more product launches in January and then also January's new year new use. There's a lot of like that seasonality traffic there. So when we're talking about like velocity and just your overall sales performance in comparison to the amount of stores you were in, like the bottom peak of stores was in September. Yet like that was like your highest, their highest month of sales in the year of 2025. So in terms of driving velocity, like spend has proven to be able to do that. And then also when we're just looking at the individual target skews, like right now, like they are pretty, like there is not really much sales history on them. I know that they're like still pretty new to market. So like, obviously they're going to have to ramp up. But the nice opportunity about the singles is that they are there to drive trial and bring people into the brand. So like, again, but like, you know this, so I won't go over that too much. But like driving trial with these skus and really pushing them will be good to help like build their growth over time as well and also hopefully funnel people into the bigger products like the variety packs and stuff like that. And then also looking into the future for. So their hydration skews are under the sports drink category. So when we look at the index sales of the sports drink category, they start to peak in the summer. So like you started ads like right around here where it's starting to go up or not right around here? Yeah, like around here where it's starting to go up. And like we're going to start seeing that more and more people are coming into the sports drink category as we get deeper into the warmer months. So again, it's kind of a good time if we are talking about velocity. Like, it's like really capturing category share and visibility during this time of year will be important for driving velocity because a lot of people are coming to Target already to buy sports drinks at this time of year. So it's making sure that you're the sports drink they buy over some of these other competitors, like, I don't know, Gatorade or something like that, which I know is a little different. But the hydration piece, like there is a functional element to the Target skus that I do think we should lean into when we're like advertising in Target. So like maybe a shoppable display showing. Oh, like we have lion's mane in our hydration beverages and kind of educating the customer on, you know, why Joy verse is different from all these other sports drinks and why people need to buy Joy versus specifically.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay.

Speaker B: And then. Oh, sorry. Go ahead.

Speaker A: I'll let you finish this one. Sorry.

Speaker B: No, no. I was literally going to move on to the next thing, so I want to hear your.

Speaker A: I was also going to move on. Was the same thing that we talk more about the protein soda Max, because we just discussed the keywords, but you had more.

Speaker B: Yeah. So the protein soda Max, the. I was mainly just going over keywords and then thinking that we should do a display while it's in stores. A shoppable display. So for that we just need the assets, which is just like the, you know, you did one for the protein coffee back in like September. So we just need the same like size assets for that. And it should be a shoppable display. And we can run like maybe one or two. We can do one optimized shoppable display, which I'm going to go back a bit to my recommendation. For the shoppable display, I think we should do one that is fully optimized campaign. So the computer is going to just try to find people in like where like it can get sales from that shoppable display. And then we should do one that we can control ourselves. So that's going to be targeting category buyers, people who've interacted with the categories, all adjacent categories as well, and then all the keywords from the adjacent categories and then Basket Affinities for Joy Burst as well.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay.

Speaker B: Which I can pull all this data for you and then we can build this out together if you want.

Speaker A: We have the creatives ready, so. Oh yeah.

Speaker B: Do you want to do it right now or. We're over time, so.

Speaker A: No, no, it's fine. You can send it to me later. I'm probably not going to send these up today at least, so maybe Monday would be fine. If you send them on Monday.

Speaker B: Okay, yeah, I'll send you all the targeting that we need for that as well as keywords. I'll label it so that you know where everything's going. And then I'll try to also like send over some more target key, like for target, like those keywords as well. And then for display for Target, obviously, like we can kind of peel into that later if we want. But for Joy Burst display, I would rec. Or the protein display, I should say. Like I would recommend probably setting that one up sooner rather than later. But yeah, I'll send everything over to you and then we can go from there. But do we want to meet again in like two weeks to a month to go more in depth on the target stuff or even to set up a display for Target?

Speaker A: Well, here's what I'll say. I think because this is really, really urgent, I may get into some kind of problems and then I may need some support. So instead of doing it, let's say after two weeks, I may reach out to you sooner.

Speaker B: So I'm, we could do it weekly if you want.

Speaker A: Or you know, we may also exchange emails. So yeah, I'm open to whatever call or emails, everything works. Okay. But I just want to tell you that I may need some support during this time because I'm not sure how long. Maybe a couple more weeks is what we have for this. For this one. Sku. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so then I'll, I, I'll send you my number too. So if you have any important things. And then also if you want like a day of meeting scheduled or anything like that, you can just send me like some email. Be like. Or like just like do some like crazy like subject urgent need to meet today and like we can throw something on the calendar for that day.

Speaker A: Sure, yeah.

Speaker B: And then, yeah, so I'll send you all of this and then let me know if you run into anything. Also if like anything comes up, even over the weekend, like if you call me like all.

Speaker A: Don't worry about that. No, I'm not going to bother you that much.

Speaker B: You need to though. I'm here because I do know that these like cost quotations are very crucial for performance. So anything you need, I'm here.

Speaker A: Thank you so much.

Speaker B: Yeah, of course. So I'll send you all these keywords like right now, right after this and then I'll probably send you the display like plan like later today just because it's going to take a little bit for me to like put it all out into paper and since you're starting at Monday, I think it should be fine later today if you're good with that.

Speaker A: Yeah, that'll be fine.

Speaker B: Great. Well then is there anything else you want to cover?

Speaker A: No, this is everything. This was very thorough. Thank you so much for preparing it. Please do send over this deck.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Oh and the list of keywords, please do send that.

Speaker B: Yeah, of course. I'll send all of that right after this.

Speaker A: Okay, awesome. Thank you so much.

Speaker B: Have a nice, have a good one. Soham.

Speaker A: Yeah. Bye now.

Speaker B: Bye.

