Transcript for: Recording__1179.mp4
Title: Recording #1179
============================================================

And you know, create more connection first. Then we, once the account is getting better and better, we target those high quality leads then you know, maybe for my main events from our existing network and then to give for like a 2 to 300 kind of really high quality litters and then target them with the more customized message. And then Liyue, with the response of Liyue, he can also go in to do for those ingested lists to do a research about the revenue comparison with the competitors and stuff. So that's so far I think my plan for now. But I'm glad that the campaign just launched today. So hopefully we can optimize the messaging a little bit based on what you provided and what I suggest and then we will keep it running and see how it works. Okay, sure. And I can see all of these things also in the Heyrich account, right? Yeah. I would strongly recommend you, even Leroy will be actively monitoring. I strongly recommend you go in and see what people say. So you can, you are the one that hey, let's imagine that those people directly talk to you. How will you will be responding? And then once you collect more kind of idea, I would like to make those a can message. Ali, can you go to the unit box. There you go. Click one of the chat. So there's a can message on the left corner, see? Yeah, go click it. No, no, no, go to the chat, chat, chat. You see a plus? Yeah, here, click it, click it. So we want to create a type of thing that is easier for you to manage for you. Let's say you see a lot of similar response. Hey, our brand is already having an agency or hey, our brand is already doing well. How do we respond with a really standardized kind of message that. So while the campaign running, that's one of my goal to set up this messaging for you to kind of basically easier for you to manage the chat bots. Obviously we're not trying to be really like a robotic type of response. It's just more like a kind of recommendation. While you are not here, right. You all can know that what is the best response based on if you are founder talking to these people, what is the best way that you want to react Based on your experience, what's the best kind of attractive way to keep the conversation going? More interested. So we can add something here like Zohan, when you kind of go through this unibox, you can add some message here and let Lira know, hey, if you want to respond to certain message, just take a look at this as example. So Lira can take advantage of it. Yeah, sure. Okay, makes sense. And okay, one more thing here. So all these customizations, Liyua you will be doing all of those customizations to those messages. Like let's say someone responds and then responding back. All of those manual work is Leo are going to do. Yeah, we will actively manage for you. All right Leo, thank you so much for taking care of it. Yeah, yep, yep. We, we want to keep the at you know, the beginning of it more but we, we're setting up a robotic thing as well to is integrated with our cloud. You know the cloud AI so they can analyze the leads to us and then what is the best response and then kind of, kind of help us to respond as well. Okay, so this is. Yeah, this is it. Hopefully it goes well and you know, continue. Yeah, you close more deals, we have more revenue. Sure. Yeah, so yeah, exactly. I'm looking forward to that. And in the meantime I'll also try to think about the Costco idea that I told you because that looks really cool. I still have it on my notes as well. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So yeah, if you just. Maybe you are right. A reminder what I said to Soham. So what what we need from him about the profitability type of side of second message and also what else and what I think I mentioned extra. One more thing is. Yeah, I'll give a recap before we finish up the so yeah and I have notes here as well. So let's do it and is there anything else? I think that's all. Yeah, perfect, perfect. So let me just give a recap so that all of us are caught up to speed. So we're going to be changing the first, the first message. We're gonna put the eye catching numbers in the first with the. What do you call it the case studies. We're gonna be pushing it into the first message and then what we're gonna be needing from you. Soham is a seller point for profitability. Like most of the agencies do X amount of money but doesn't give you resell. We charge you as you grow, we grow with you as we grow with you as an agency. So we charge, we charge you with a lower cost compared to other companies. Some sort of message like that. I'll be needing that type of message so that I can configure the first message accordingly. Yes. And then for the second message we'll stick with keeping the second follow up message. We'll stick with keeping that booking calling. Okay. All right, so that's the messaging and then on Our side. Evan, one more thing for the messaging, there's a message B for the second message from Soham to give us like industry standard of how. Hey, like the message target of brands who are already doing great. How do we close? Right? Yeah, yeah. That's the main thing added as well. So yeah, so the, the angle will be hey, I know you're spending at least 30k or 50k on or wherever. Like industry standard ROI should be like 3x but I can make it 5x whatever. Right. Based on the things. So use these things and to target those people who are already doing great. Yeah, got it. Okay. So those are for the messaging. That one we're going to be needing to switch up first and second messaging and then two will be a message B wherein the tone is like I know you're spending this amount but I can make your 3x to 5x. We're giving them a look into the industry standard from, from Sohan Zeta. Do we have a way to personalize this with like you actually know how much or estimate how much ad spend they are spending for their brand? Is there a way? This is my question to both of you. I don't know. Yeah, well I don't know any way of tracking how much they're spending on ads personally. I don't know. There could be a way but it's a very, it's very specific because to the industry. Right. Because like food is different from you know, toiletries. Like like you said a funnel. Let's say food matter is that personal thing or you can based on their ranking or like the thing they've been doing to kind of, you know, estimate or do the reverse engineering to calculate. Hey I guess at least you spend at least that much of money. If that is then it would be really good personalized message as well. I get that but I for now don't know any way I'll ask around. Another thing from you, we actually have another service. I don't know if. Do you know about Review Scoop service? Yes. Can you briefly give Soham a picture? Maybe you can help his client as well. Yes, I work with Review Scoop particularly in the back end side when it comes to tech support and whatnot. From, from my understanding Review Scoop is. Is a service wherein if you're available of the service, they're going to be dropping genuine reviews on your Amazon asins and their Amazon account to bump up that ASIN or to bump up that brand when it comes to the algorithm, when it comes to the Amazon BSR and whatnot. Because of the good ratings and whatnot. Yeah, okay, I see. But isn't that against the policy? Is. Is it. How are you going to get the reviews? Yeah, we have a way to get through it. It's not the best. It's just like LinkedIn, right. LinkedIn banner account. We have separate funnel to do it to get extra account. Right. Same thing for Amazon. You need a verify account in Amazon to make comments. Right. To, you know, stuff like that. We also have a way to do it so if you have kind of one school number want to try it out? We can try with that and see if we can boost the rank up. Technically it's not. It's not, you know, illegal because it's a genuine review from a real person that's doing it. Yeah, we're using real person to do it. But we have like a scalable business, like a way to do it. Is that something you're interested? Well, that. The idea sounds interesting. So if you could share more information about that, maybe I'll take a look how you charge for it. Yeah, yeah. How it works. For sure. I will follow up with you because I also talked because we built a whole ecosystem, not just all which. Right. We have a good ecosystem for ecom business. So that day I went to the event, a lot of people actually needing this service. So I can get back to you with that and kind of. Sure. Okay. Okay. Yeah, sounds good. So it comes to the recap. That's it for the messaging for us, me and Evan, we're going to be getting leads from Ecom north and we're going to be following it down to you as well. So. And then on my end, this is. On my end, I'll be giving more. I'll be more active in managing the Unibox for CPG Edge monitor CPG leads and make better research, especially for personalized ones. Once that have specific Amazon listings, I can do a quick market research on it. Full disclosure that a market research will take probably 10 to 15 minutes per ASIN, per personalized message. And then can messages would be nice if we could draft some canned messages for specific replies like positive replies, negative replies are already working with another agency and whatnot. Yeah, that's about it for the recap that I've listed down here on my notes. Got it. Okay, awesome. So Levi will follow up what we need, try to get it maybe if you have some time today. We try to get it done today so we can keep everything running for the next week, whole week and kind of review it a little bit. And on the side we'll see what. We can kind of have mixed synergy about let's say the review stuff or if I have, I, I think I'm trying to onboard other client for outreach, which is the apps app thing that I'm signing them on as well. I have a meeting with them. So if their company and your company man can have like a referral cross kind of referral thing, that would be nice too because most their clients basically your client and if you do a share profit sharing with them, it's. Yeah, so that's suggestion as well, especially when it comes to the Amazon part. So maybe we could make a tagging that they, they already are officially an Amazon seller and we can have a can message of hey, we could do, we could offer you like a free market research competitor analysis and like you can send us your asin and then that's where I come in, right. I do the helium research and whatnot and you know, we can offer them. That's amazing. That's amazing. That's amazing. So just. Yeah, we're on that message as well. For the first one. This you can use the first one to kind of do analysis. We offer free analysis as long as you provide your product asin. We can do a competitive analysis for you to get a response and then from there you can see if you want to ask for more service and then we can book a meeting. We're not pushing them for a meeting. We're giving them free value and get them extra interest. Okay. Amazing Leon is the best for the E Comm thing. So he will give you more idea for or other than. Yeah, all right, perfect. Thank you. All right, awesome. Well, this was very informative this meeting. Thank you so much. All right, so for the review thing, I keep your post. I need to ask around for that as well. And I think it would be really valuable not only to our outreach, also to your existing clients. So let's see how it goes. All right, thank you. Yes, sounds good. Awesome. Have a nice weekend. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: And you know, create more connection first. Then we, once the account is getting better and better, we target those high quality leads then you know, maybe for my main events from our existing network and then to give for like a 2 to 300 kind of really high quality litters and then target them with the more customized message. And then Liyue, with the response of Liyue, he can also go in to do for those ingested lists to do a research about the revenue comparison with the competitors and stuff. So that's so far I think my plan for now. But I'm glad that the campaign just launched today. So hopefully we can optimize the messaging a little bit based on what you provided and what I suggest and then we will keep it running and see how it works. Okay, sure.

Speaker B: And I can see all of these things also in the Heyrich account, right?

Speaker A: Yeah. I would strongly recommend you, even Leroy will be actively monitoring. I strongly recommend you go in and see what people say. So you can, you are the one that hey, let's imagine that those people directly talk to you. How will you will be responding? And then once you collect more kind of idea, I would like to make those a can message. Ali, can you go to the unit box.

Speaker C: There you go.

Speaker A: Click one of the chat. So there's a can message on the left corner, see? Yeah, go click it. No, no, no, go to the chat, chat, chat. You see a plus? Yeah, here, click it, click it. So we want to create a type of thing that is easier for you to manage for you. Let's say you see a lot of similar response. Hey, our brand is already having an agency or hey, our brand is already doing well. How do we respond with a really standardized kind of message that. So while the campaign running, that's one of my goal to set up this messaging for you to kind of basically easier for you to manage the chat bots. Obviously we're not trying to be really like a robotic type of response. It's just more like a kind of recommendation. While you are not here, right. You all can know that what is the best response based on if you are founder talking to these people, what is the best way that you want to react Based on your experience, what's the best kind of attractive way to keep the conversation going? More interested. So we can add something here like Zohan, when you kind of go through this unibox, you can add some message here and let Lira know, hey, if you want to respond to certain message, just take a look at this as example. So Lira can take advantage of it. Yeah, sure.

Speaker B: Okay, makes sense. And okay, one more thing here. So all these customizations, Liyua you will be doing all of those customizations to those messages. Like let's say someone responds and then responding back. All of those manual work is Leo are going to do.

Speaker A: Yeah, we will actively manage for you.

Speaker B: All right Leo, thank you so much for taking care of it.

Speaker A: Yeah, yep, yep. We, we want to keep the at you know, the beginning of it more but we, we're setting up a robotic thing as well to is integrated with our cloud. You know the cloud AI so they can analyze the leads to us and then what is the best response and then kind of, kind of help us to respond as well. Okay, so this is. Yeah, this is it. Hopefully it goes well and you know, continue. Yeah, you close more deals, we have more revenue. Sure. Yeah, so yeah, exactly.

Speaker B: I'm looking forward to that. And in the meantime I'll also try to think about the Costco idea that I told you because that looks really cool.

Speaker C: I still have it on my notes as well.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So yeah, if you just. Maybe you are right. A reminder what I said to Soham. So what what we need from him about the profitability type of side of second message and also what else and what I think I mentioned extra. One more thing is.

Speaker C: Yeah, I'll give a recap before we finish up the

Speaker A: so yeah and I have notes here as well.

Speaker C: So let's do it and is there anything else?

Speaker B: I think that's all.

Speaker A: Yeah, perfect, perfect.

Speaker C: So let me just give a recap so that all of us are caught up to speed. So we're going to be changing the first, the first message. We're gonna put the eye catching numbers in the first with the. What do you call it the case studies. We're gonna be pushing it into the first message and then what we're gonna be needing from you. Soham is a seller point for profitability. Like most of the agencies do X amount of money but doesn't give you resell. We charge you as you grow, we grow with you as we grow with you as an agency. So we charge, we charge you with a lower cost compared to other companies. Some sort of message like that. I'll be needing that type of message so that I can configure the first message accordingly.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker C: And then for the second message we'll stick with keeping the second follow up message. We'll stick with keeping that booking calling.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: All right, so that's the messaging and then on Our side. Evan, one more thing for the messaging,

Speaker A: there's a message B for the second message from Soham to give us like industry standard of how. Hey, like the message target of brands who are already doing great. How do we close? Right? Yeah, yeah. That's the main thing added as well. So yeah, so the, the angle will be hey, I know you're spending at least 30k or 50k on or wherever. Like industry standard ROI should be like 3x but I can make it 5x whatever. Right. Based on the things. So use these things and to target those people who are already doing great. Yeah, got it.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: So those are for the messaging. That one we're going to be needing to switch up first and second messaging and then two will be a message B wherein the tone is like I know you're spending this amount but I can make your 3x to 5x. We're giving them a look into the industry standard from, from Sohan Zeta.

Speaker A: Do we have a way to personalize this with like you actually know how much or estimate how much ad spend they are spending for their brand? Is there a way? This is my question to both of you. I don't know.

Speaker B: Yeah, well I don't know any way of tracking how much they're spending on ads personally. I don't know.

Speaker C: There could be a way but it's a very, it's very specific because to the industry. Right. Because like food is different from you know, toiletries.

Speaker A: Like like you said a funnel. Let's say food matter is that personal thing or you can based on their ranking or like the thing they've been doing to kind of, you know, estimate or do the reverse engineering to calculate. Hey I guess at least you spend at least that much of money. If that is then it would be really good personalized message as well.

Speaker B: I get that but I for now don't know any way I'll ask around.

Speaker A: Another thing from you, we actually have another service. I don't know if. Do you know about Review Scoop service?

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: Can you briefly give Soham a picture? Maybe you can help his client as well.

Speaker C: Yes, I work with Review Scoop particularly in the back end side when it comes to tech support and whatnot. From, from my understanding Review Scoop is. Is a service wherein if you're available of the service, they're going to be dropping genuine reviews on your Amazon asins and their Amazon account to bump up that ASIN or to bump up that brand when it comes to the algorithm, when it comes to the Amazon BSR and whatnot. Because of the good ratings and whatnot.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay, I see. But isn't that against the policy? Is. Is it. How are you going to get the reviews?

Speaker A: Yeah, we have a way to get through it. It's not the best. It's just like LinkedIn, right. LinkedIn banner account. We have separate funnel to do it to get extra account. Right. Same thing for Amazon. You need a verify account in Amazon to make comments. Right. To, you know, stuff like that. We also have a way to do it so if you have kind of one school number want to try it out? We can try with that and see if we can boost the rank up.

Speaker C: Technically it's not. It's not, you know, illegal because it's a genuine review from a real person that's doing it.

Speaker A: Yeah, we're using real person to do it. But we have like a scalable business, like a way to do it. Is that something you're interested? Well, that.

Speaker B: The idea sounds interesting. So if you could share more information about that, maybe I'll take a look how you charge for it.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: How it works.

Speaker A: For sure. I will follow up with you because I also talked because we built a whole ecosystem, not just all which. Right. We have a good ecosystem for ecom business. So that day I went to the event, a lot of people actually needing this service. So I can get back to you with that and kind of. Sure.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, sounds good.

Speaker C: So it comes to the recap. That's it for the messaging for us, me and Evan, we're going to be getting leads from Ecom north and we're going to be following it down to you as well. So. And then on my end, this is. On my end, I'll be giving more. I'll be more active in managing the Unibox for CPG Edge monitor CPG leads and make better research, especially for personalized ones. Once that have specific Amazon listings, I can do a quick market research on it. Full disclosure that a market research will take probably 10 to 15 minutes per ASIN, per personalized message. And then can messages would be nice if we could draft some canned messages for specific replies like positive replies, negative replies are already working with another agency and whatnot. Yeah, that's about it for the recap that I've listed down here on my notes.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: Okay, awesome.

Speaker A: So Levi will follow up what we need, try to get it maybe if you have some time today. We try to get it done today so we can keep everything running for the next week, whole week and kind of review it a little bit. And on the side we'll see what. We can kind of have mixed synergy about let's say the review stuff or if I have, I, I think I'm trying to onboard other client for outreach, which is the apps app thing that I'm signing them on as well. I have a meeting with them. So if their company and your company man can have like a referral cross kind of referral thing, that would be nice too because most their clients basically your client and if you do a share profit sharing with them, it's.

Speaker C: Yeah, so that's suggestion as well, especially when it comes to the Amazon part. So maybe we could make a tagging that they, they already are officially an Amazon seller and we can have a can message of hey, we could do, we could offer you like a free market research competitor analysis and like you can send us your asin and then that's where I come in, right. I do the helium research and whatnot and you know, we can offer them.

Speaker A: That's amazing. That's amazing. That's amazing. So just. Yeah, we're on that message as well. For the first one. This you can use the first one to kind of do analysis. We offer free analysis as long as you provide your product asin. We can do a competitive analysis for you to get a response and then from there you can see if you want to ask for more service and then we can book a meeting. We're not pushing them for a meeting. We're giving them free value and get them extra interest. Okay. Amazing Leon is the best for the E Comm thing. So he will give you more idea for or other than. Yeah, all right, perfect. Thank you.

Speaker B: All right, awesome. Well, this was very informative this meeting. Thank you so much.

Speaker A: All right, so for the review thing, I keep your post. I need to ask around for that as well. And I think it would be really valuable not only to our outreach, also to your existing clients. So let's see how it goes. All right, thank you.

Speaker B: Yes, sounds good. Awesome. Have a nice weekend.

Speaker A: Bye now.

