Transcript for: Recording__7.mp4
Title: Recording #7
============================================================

Yes, I can see it now. Perfect. Okay. So whenever you get a chance, please do go over our website. Okay. Mostly the homepage has all the information that you're looking for. It'll give you a fair understanding of what we do. I'll still walk you through it quickly. So we are a virtual assistant company. We help Our clients hire VAs, or employees overseas for one fourth of the cost of hiring an employee in North America. There are multiple roles that you can hire for which we have mentioned here. So you can hire people in administration, virtual assistant, executive assistant, customer support, data entry, digital marketing, social media, accountants, bookkeepers, salespeople, lead generators, IT support, hr, admin, anything that can be done remotely, you can hire that employee through us for one fourth of the price. In most cases, between six to nine Canadian dollars per hour. Okay. Okay, this is a quick gist. I would like to go over the process as well, how we do this. But before that, I want to know from you if you had any questions. Well, so I. If I need to hire. So I'm. Right now. I'm not hiring anyone right now, but we have. We will need people, I'm sure of that. And if we do one of the first things, we'll need a digital marketer. But they need to have some specific skill set. So we are an agency who does Amazon marketing and advertising. So we may need someone, for example, who knows Amazon ads really well. So will you be able to accommodate to those kind of needs, like those custom needs? Absolutely. So as long as these custom needs are based on like regular or normal software and, you know, normal platforms that these people use, of course, Amazon ads is common. Google Ads is common. Meta ads is common. So we can definitely find you somebody with these kind of skill set. Got it. Okay. Okay. That's. That's one question. And I would like to know about the, you know, the screening process, how, how you make sure that they are. How it works, basically, how much screening you need to do, how much is on me. How does that process work? Perfect. I'm glad you asked this question. That's what was going to be. My next part is how the process works. So we take down your requirements on a call that we are doing. So now when you spoke, I kind of made some notes on my book. Based on those notes, I will create a customized job description for you. I will share that job description with you with a quote, an hourly rate that you can expect for the role. It's typically going to be one fourth of the price of hiring the same person here. Okay. Our employees come with experience. We will post that job on our website and on our LinkedIn page. Now if you've seen our LinkedIn page, we have more than 150,000 followers on LinkedIn. So we instantly get 500 plus applicants on for every job role that we post. Okay, my team will go over each and every Resume, probably interview 50, 60, 70 people who meet your requirement and then shortlist the best of the best. Four or five people who are absolute matches have great communication skills. And then we will share those resumes with you where you will do the final round of interview with only these top candidates that we shortlist. They will already possess skills, they will already come with great communication and you will just do the final round with them where you select that one person you feel is the best for the role. And once you have made that selection, our IT team will set up all the systems and softwares, our HR team will do all the due diligence and this person will be ready to work for you on a day to day basis, either part time, which is four hours a day or full time, eight hours a day. Okay, and how does, let's say I hire somebody, will he work with my company directly or do I have to work with you? And you are, it's like I'm hiring you to do the job and you are paying someone else in India to do the job. How, how does that part work? So they will be working with you directly like your own employee. They will be reporting to you. We will not be involved in your day to day activities. But technically they will be our employees because we will be the ones taking care of their salary, benefits, taxes. So all of the HR aspects will be taken care of by us. And then we will be a bridge between you and the employee in case there is any problem where you're not able to connect with the employee, any other problems, issues, then we are there to resolve them. But at the end of the day, they will be working with you directly like your own employee. Okay, sounds good. And in terms of the rate you mentioned, it's generally between 6 to 9 Canadian dollar. Does that depend on the experience or I mean what are the factors that one needs to consider? So the rate depends on experience, on skill set, what role you're looking for. When it comes to digital marketing roles, anybody with around two to five years of experience, you're expecting somewhere between six to nine Canadian dollars per hour. But if you say no, I want a manager level person, I want somebody with much more experience then of course it'll increase. Like let's say if you were to hire somebody in Canada, you can hire a fresher at $20 per hour, somebody with experience at $30 per hour, a manager level at $40 per hour, a senior manager level at $50 or $60 per hour. So that's how. Just divide that by four and that exactly you will pay to us. Okay. But we will give you an exact code so you can be rest assured whatever code we give you, that is all what is going to be charged to you. Right. Is there, do you think there is something else that we need to talk about or. Usually companies want to know about this process. One common question that I get is how the invoicing works. Do you want to know about that? Sure, yeah. Why not? So invoicing how you pay salary to an employee at the end of the month. We bill you at the end of the month for the hours in that month. You take care of the invoice and we take care of the employee salary, benefits, taxes and every other aspect of hr. Okay. So you don't have to worry about that. And the invoice will have payment links. You can either pay through credit card, debit card, bank transfer, interact, whatever you like. You know what, Abhishek, everything looks sounds good. Just one question about the screening process on ClarkTech's end. I understand all those interview processes will be there, but then for as an agency there, as someone who has to deal with Amazon ads and very much familiar with the domain, there are some nitty gritties that are that becomes important for us to see in a candidate. Of course we'll be conducting the final round of interview. But on your part, when you will be doing the preliminary rounds, do you ask for some tips that these are what we should look for or is this something that you totally decide on your end? No, we can definitely take tips from you. If there's something specific that you want us to look for, we will make sure that we incorporate that because the search is going to solely going to be done for you. Right. So we want to be sure that you know what you're looking for is what we are searching for. But at the end of the day, we will get you candidates based on your requirement or exactly the skill set that you're looking for. You won't have to go through finding out that whether they have that skill set or not, that we'll make sure. I see. Okay, that's good. That's good. And all of these, there is no upfront fee. You will just charge after once someone is hired. Correct. So I strongly suggest that you go through the process and interview. Do the interviews. You don't have to commit to anything. We don't charge you any upfront fees. In fact, we are not going to charge you any 500 fees as well. The only fees we are going to charge you is after you complete the month. We will be billing you for the hours in that month times the hourly rate. That's it. Okay. Yeah. Okay. And I mean, you wouldn't be disappointed if I, let's say give it two rounds and you are conducting those two rounds of interviews. A lot of effort on your end, isn't it? And then I end up hiring nobody. See. So the idea should be that you are looking for to hire somebody. It shouldn't be that, you know, you are just trying out the process. You only want to hire anybody. But if you feel that you don't like, did not like anyone. We conducted two, three rounds and you're not happy with the process. Of course it's at your discretion to not hire anyone. We, we won't be behind you to hire someone. But at the end of the day I think the idea should be to hire. You should be prepared to hire. No, no, of course I will contact you only when I'm prepared. But I mean, let's say I don't like any candidate. It may end up happening. Absolutely. That's also a possibility. So if that happens, we will conduct as many rounds as we need. But we'll make sure that we find you the right match. Okay? Okay, sounds good. All right Abhishek, so this is, I believe, all I need to know from my end. Max, I have, I was speaking with him, has said good things about your company. So we'll reach out to you when we are sure we are going to hire somebody and we'll go from there. No, no problem. You know what I can do in the meantime? So I can send you a job description of this role that you just mentioned. I will also include the hourly rate, the further process that you can expect just for your understanding. If you want to discuss with someone or think about it, you can use that email to do so. And then whenever you're ready, you can respond back on that email and we can take it from there. Sure. So I don't even have to give you any more information? You're totally familiar with these Amazon ads related things, correct? So you don't have to give me any more information. We will create the job description based on our conversation we had today. And then if you want to make any changes to the job description, it's a word document, so you can always make changes to it and send it back to me. Okay? Yeah, sounds good. Awesome. Well, it was a quick call, but very efficient. Thanks for taking the time, Abhishek. Thank you. So take care. I hope you have a nice day. Nice evening. Yeah, you as well, Abhishek. Bye for now. Take care. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Yes, I can see it now.

Speaker B: Perfect. Okay. So whenever you get a chance, please do go over our website. Okay. Mostly the homepage has all the information that you're looking for. It'll give you a fair understanding of what we do. I'll still walk you through it quickly. So we are a virtual assistant company. We help Our clients hire VAs, or employees overseas for one fourth of the cost of hiring an employee in North America. There are multiple roles that you can hire for which we have mentioned here. So you can hire people in administration, virtual assistant, executive assistant, customer support, data entry, digital marketing, social media, accountants, bookkeepers, salespeople, lead generators, IT support, hr, admin, anything that can be done remotely, you can hire that employee through us for one fourth of the price. In most cases, between six to nine Canadian dollars per hour.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay, this is a quick gist. I would like to go over the process as well, how we do this. But before that, I want to know from you if you had any questions.

Speaker A: Well, so I. If I need to hire. So I'm. Right now. I'm not hiring anyone right now, but we have. We will need people, I'm sure of that. And if we do one of the first things, we'll need a digital marketer. But they need to have some specific skill set. So we are an agency who does Amazon marketing and advertising. So we may need someone, for example, who knows Amazon ads really well. So will you be able to accommodate to those kind of needs, like those custom needs?

Speaker B: Absolutely. So as long as these custom needs are based on like regular or normal software and, you know, normal platforms that these people use, of course, Amazon ads is common. Google Ads is common. Meta ads is common. So we can definitely find you somebody with these kind of skill set.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay. Okay. That's. That's one question. And I would like to know about the, you know, the screening process, how, how you make sure that they are. How it works, basically, how much screening you need to do, how much is on me. How does that process work?

Speaker B: Perfect. I'm glad you asked this question. That's what was going to be. My next part is how the process works. So we take down your requirements on a call that we are doing. So now when you spoke, I kind of made some notes on my book. Based on those notes, I will create a customized job description for you. I will share that job description with you with a quote, an hourly rate that you can expect for the role. It's typically going to be one fourth of the price of hiring the same person here.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Our employees come with experience. We will post that job on our website and on our LinkedIn page. Now if you've seen our LinkedIn page, we have more than 150,000 followers on LinkedIn. So we instantly get 500 plus applicants on for every job role that we post. Okay, my team will go over each and every Resume, probably interview 50, 60, 70 people who meet your requirement and then shortlist the best of the best. Four or five people who are absolute matches have great communication skills. And then we will share those resumes with you where you will do the final round of interview with only these top candidates that we shortlist. They will already possess skills, they will already come with great communication and you will just do the final round with them where you select that one person you feel is the best for the role. And once you have made that selection, our IT team will set up all the systems and softwares, our HR team will do all the due diligence and this person will be ready to work for you on a day to day basis, either part time, which is four hours a day or full time, eight hours a day.

Speaker A: Okay, and how does, let's say I hire somebody, will he work with my company directly or do I have to work with you? And you are, it's like I'm hiring you to do the job and you are paying someone else in India to do the job. How, how does that part work?

Speaker B: So they will be working with you directly like your own employee. They will be reporting to you. We will not be involved in your day to day activities. But technically they will be our employees because we will be the ones taking care of their salary, benefits, taxes. So all of the HR aspects will be taken care of by us. And then we will be a bridge between you and the employee in case there is any problem where you're not able to connect with the employee, any other problems, issues, then we are there to resolve them. But at the end of the day, they will be working with you directly like your own employee.

Speaker A: Okay, sounds good. And in terms of the rate you mentioned, it's generally between 6 to 9 Canadian dollar. Does that depend on the experience or I mean what are the factors that one needs to consider?

Speaker B: So the rate depends on experience, on skill set, what role you're looking for. When it comes to digital marketing roles, anybody with around two to five years of experience, you're expecting somewhere between six to nine Canadian dollars per hour. But if you say no, I want a manager level person, I want somebody with much more experience then of course it'll increase. Like let's say if you were to hire somebody in Canada, you can hire a fresher at $20 per hour, somebody with experience at $30 per hour, a manager level at $40 per hour, a senior manager level at $50 or $60 per hour. So that's how. Just divide that by four and that exactly you will pay to us. Okay. But we will give you an exact code so you can be rest assured whatever code we give you, that is all what is going to be charged to you.

Speaker A: Right. Is there, do you think there is something else that we need to talk about or. Usually companies want to know about this process.

Speaker B: One common question that I get is how the invoicing works. Do you want to know about that?

Speaker A: Sure, yeah. Why not?

Speaker B: So invoicing how you pay salary to an employee at the end of the month. We bill you at the end of the month for the hours in that month. You take care of the invoice and we take care of the employee salary, benefits, taxes and every other aspect of hr. Okay. So you don't have to worry about that. And the invoice will have payment links. You can either pay through credit card, debit card, bank transfer, interact, whatever you like.

Speaker A: You know what, Abhishek, everything looks sounds good. Just one question about the screening process on ClarkTech's end. I understand all those interview processes will be there, but then for as an agency there, as someone who has to deal with Amazon ads and very much familiar with the domain, there are some nitty gritties that are that becomes important for us to see in a candidate. Of course we'll be conducting the final round of interview. But on your part, when you will be doing the preliminary rounds, do you ask for some tips that these are what we should look for or is this something that you totally decide on your end?

Speaker B: No, we can definitely take tips from you. If there's something specific that you want us to look for, we will make sure that we incorporate that because the search is going to solely going to be done for you. Right. So we want to be sure that you know what you're looking for is what we are searching for. But at the end of the day, we will get you candidates based on your requirement or exactly the skill set that you're looking for. You won't have to go through finding out that whether they have that skill set or not, that we'll make sure.

Speaker A: I see. Okay, that's good. That's good. And all of these, there is no upfront fee. You will just charge after once someone is hired. Correct.

Speaker B: So I strongly suggest that you go through the process and interview. Do the interviews. You don't have to commit to anything. We don't charge you any upfront fees. In fact, we are not going to charge you any 500 fees as well. The only fees we are going to charge you is after you complete the month. We will be billing you for the hours in that month times the hourly rate. That's it.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Okay. And I mean, you wouldn't be disappointed if I, let's say give it two rounds and you are conducting those two rounds of interviews. A lot of effort on your end, isn't it? And then I end up hiring nobody.

Speaker B: See. So the idea should be that you are looking for to hire somebody. It shouldn't be that, you know, you are just trying out the process. You only want to hire anybody. But if you feel that you don't like, did not like anyone. We conducted two, three rounds and you're not happy with the process. Of course it's at your discretion to not hire anyone. We, we won't be behind you to hire someone. But at the end of the day I think the idea should be to hire. You should be prepared to hire.

Speaker A: No, no, of course I will contact you only when I'm prepared. But I mean, let's say I don't like any candidate. It may end up happening.

Speaker B: Absolutely.

Speaker A: That's also a possibility.

Speaker B: So if that happens, we will conduct as many rounds as we need. But we'll make sure that we find you the right match.

Speaker A: Okay? Okay, sounds good. All right Abhishek, so this is, I believe, all I need to know from my end. Max, I have, I was speaking with him, has said good things about your company. So we'll reach out to you when we are sure we are going to hire somebody and we'll go from there.

Speaker B: No, no problem. You know what I can do in the meantime? So I can send you a job description of this role that you just mentioned. I will also include the hourly rate, the further process that you can expect just for your understanding. If you want to discuss with someone or think about it, you can use that email to do so. And then whenever you're ready, you can respond back on that email and we can take it from there.

Speaker A: Sure. So I don't even have to give you any more information? You're totally familiar with these Amazon ads related things, correct?

Speaker B: So you don't have to give me any more information. We will create the job description based on our conversation we had today. And then if you want to make any changes to the job description, it's a word document, so you can always make changes to it and send it back to me.

Speaker A: Okay? Yeah, sounds good. Awesome. Well, it was a quick call, but very efficient. Thanks for taking the time, Abhishek.

Speaker B: Thank you. So take care. I hope you have a nice day. Nice evening.

Speaker A: Yeah, you as well, Abhishek. Bye for now. Take care. Bye.

