Transcript for: Recording__806.mp4
Title: Recording #806
============================================================

Thanks. I'm good. So name a lot of flying for the last two weeks. Yeah, yeah, it's been a crazy last last couple weeks. Like for personal reasons I had to like fly a lot, which I'm not used to. But it was good in a way that was a good experience. Like now, like, you know, we haven't flown that much like to, to new countries that you're not really used to and you don't know the language, stuff like that. It's a bit scary, but once you do it a few times, you get confident. Like now I feel like I could go to like any country and just land there and just, you know, find my way. Yeah. Is this like your family lives there or. Yeah, not really. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah. But yeah. Have you, have you traveled much before you get into it? Not really. Not really. Not too many countries. I recommend it, man. Just do it like even with even me as well. Like I was always just like, no, I can't be bothered, can't be bothered. I just want to work stuff. Like now that this happened, I want to do it more. For sure. Wow. Anyways. Yeah, for sure. So anyways, like what I usually do in this first call is like kind of set of foundations work. I'm like basically foundational things and build up from there. So the first thing I always want to go through is like your profile because that's super important. Like whatever we do next. Having a good profile is going to help with that. I also added some stuff in here as well. Yeah, so let's just have a look at your profile. Yeah. So supplement food and personal care brands. Go to person for marketing on Amazon. So what I usually like to do here is basically the overall kind of principle for a good profile is two things. So first making it clear what you do. So I'd say this is semi clear what you do. It's pretty clear. It's not so clear, but it's quite clear what you do, like who you help. But the two main things is making it clear what you do and having a lot of social proof. Because when someone jumps, gets on your profile. Because a lot of the time with LinkedIn, you know how people describe it where it's like people have to see your stuff and see your stuff and see your stuff and see your stuff, then reach out. It's not always like that. Sometimes they see a couple of posts, then they go on your profile, they see exactly what you do and because they need. Because they have that problem right now, like it's actual pain that they have like today they want to solve their problem like asap. So they'll just reach out to you. So you want to make sure your profile is very clear what you do and it has a lot of social proof in it. So I'd say something like, so you want to obviously go after CPG brands. So I do something like scaling CPG plans on a cpg. I don't like use exact wording, but it'd be like scaling CPG brands on Amazon. Then like a line generated over X million for clients such as xyz. Especially if. Yeah, like some results. Exactly. So the two results that you can kind of leverage if you have, which I'm sure you have some is firstly revenue generated and then also if you've worked with, let's even on like a smaller basis, some bigger brands, you can also name drop them. So generated over XM for brands such as XYZ or worked with XYZ and having that there. So let's just say I'm someone who has a pain and wants to work with someone on my Amazon and I come on yours and it's like, oh, he generated a lot of money for, you know, Amazon brands and he's also worked with xyz. Okay, sounds interesting. Yeah, so that's what, that's what I do here for the headline. Obviously the name's fine, but obviously I changed this picture as well. Sure. Yeah, obviously it's good that that's more of like a WhatsApp. Do you know? I mean more of like a WhatsApp picture. More of like, you know, that kind of picture. Like a Facebook picture. But for again, if you want to work with like high level people, obviously they're human beings but at the same time you want to get, give an impression of, you know, what you're doing. Like you're, you're a proper, like you're serious business guy, you know, like you get results and obviously once you start talking then that's fine, you can be yourself and stuff like that. But the profile itself, it needs to kind of give a sense of authority. You can, you can smile in it, but it needs to this. I feel like it's not enough authority. Yeah. So that's something that I need to work on with a photographer, I believe then he also needs to understand this is what I'm trying to do. I mean you can do, it can be with a photographer, but it doesn't have to be. It could just be, you know, you, I don't know, like A wedding. You went to a wedding and someone took a picture and it's like a good headshot. Because at the end of the day, like, I didn't. Mine's not that great, but I didn't do mine with a photographer. Most people don't do it with photographer. But my point is it just needs to be a headshot. It could be like with like a slight smile. Sure, yeah, yeah, I say that. That would just work better. So when it comes to scale, your CPG brand listing copy and Amazon ads, this thing. Copy and Amazon ad. One second, let me just see how I did it. So when you say your service, like, would you say this is what it is in a nutshell or would you say there's more to it than this? Well, there are more to it, but these are the, these are kind of the primary ones. Of course there are strategic components of it. There are. Sometimes they need help with compliance issues on Amazon. Those are. Compliance issue is a small little thing. But then strategy is another thing that I don't know if people necessarily would pay for separately, but that's a huge part of it. Yeah, because usually what I prefer is like, is you kind of sell. You talk more about the outcome than the actual thing. Because when you're talking about listing copy, there might be like a whole bunch of people from Pakistan that like can do this. For example, on LinkedIn, they're saying they're going to do the same thing, but when you kind of. Because a lot of the people that you want to work with, they want the result. They don't really care about like you telling them about listing copy and stuff like that. They just want like a solution, an Amazon solution to help them scale. So like for example, with my.1, I'm not saying you need to copy exactly, but just what I'm trying to say is I could say helping people on LinkedIn with like content help and DM strategy, but it's like, but rather than going to that, it's more like, I'll help you do this. It's not really going into how I'm going to do it, but if you want this, then you're going to be interested. And then once we get talking, it's like, okay, now we go in a bit more of the details about it and then I can explain more about it. But let's just say someone, they think they want to scale on Amazon, but they think that their listing copies. Okay. For example. Yeah. You know, and by. It might not be. Or they might think that the Amazon ads are not that bad, but they actually are. So it's more promising, the result, or like talking about the result that you give through your system. And not so much like the nitty gritty, but like I do Amazon listings and stuff like this. Okay, cool. So that's up there. I think the design's okay. It's not too bad. Oh, You have case studies? Do you have case studies? I do, yeah. That's perfect. So what I do is. And the reason we spend a bit of time on the profile is because obviously it just helps everything else. So like, like when you send a message or something like that, the first thing they're going to come is check your profile before they respond to you. And one thing I like to do on my services section, and I've added a video basically in here. The reason I've added a video is because this guy talks about it very well. So there's no point of me like explaining the same things as what he's doing. So he explains it very well, how to optimize the services section. But as you can see here, like, I've optimized my service and it looks a lot better on video, I mean, on mobile. But basically these are case study videos. So when someone clicks on it and it's my profile. So it looks a bit different on my profile than what you see, probably. But when people like click on it, let's just say I've sent someone a message and they're like, okay, cool, I see what he does, blah, blah, blah. Is he legit? They can come to my services section and then they can like watch these videos. Okay, 20 leads in 30 days, first client in seven days, three warm bees, blah, blah, blah, blah. And then I also have some reviews here and I'm like working on getting more like basically asking the clients to give me, give me them. But what that can do is like, okay, now people can instantly see, like, okay, this guy is serious. And whatever, he's messaging me right now, he could actually be the solution to my problem. So I might as just give him a response. Like, it doesn't mean they're straight away going to jump on a call with you. But okay, like, he might be the guy. He might actually be someone that can help me here. So basically optimizing your services section. And if you don't have video testimonials, you can also add documents. So another one of my clients, basically, he did it with documents. So his services section looks like this. You just click on it and then you just, you can just Read these. Yeah, I said, okay, cool. This is interesting. Like, he actually has some real results to share with the real companies and obviously that's going to make him way more trustworthy. And each of these is basically lead magnet as well, because if someone does click on them, read them, they can book a call directly on the page. And this is done with. Yeah, I have come across this one. Yeah, it's actually really good. Okay, that's that. So that's services section. And I'll tell you the last thing. Services section. And the last. I think this is fine. Found our CPG edge. I'm going to add strategies, fonted ads, Amazon, dsp, Instacart, stuff like this. Cool. Coordinator. It's fine. That's fine. That's fine. Yeah, that's pretty much it. That's pretty much it. So I'd say headline, picture. Just work with the wording of this a bit. And then your service section. Okay. Yeah, that's pretty much it. So that's, that's, that's it for the profile. Do you have any questions around that? Do you need, like, any templates, like, any help with this? Well, if you have some examples, probably you could refer to that. And also, I mean, if you have. Yeah, basically examples, that would help. And another thing is for the about section, or is there anything else that I should be doing about the experience section? Which part? The about section? Yeah, this one. Do you think it's all right? Pretty good. I'd say just add more social proof in it. So I like this line. This is actually really good. Based in Toronto. This is. That's actually important as well because a lot of clients would want to work with people that are based in like, America, uk, Canada, so based in Toronto. Specialize in this. This is really good. And then I, I'd be like, after this line, obviously there's no perfect way of doing an about me section. That's the thing. But after this line, I'd probably say something like, we've worked. We've generated over X amount, working with clients such as 1, 2, 3. And then I just cut this. Okay, so imagine I cut this line and then I said, we've worked with bra. We've generated over X amount, working with brands such as Bullet point, Bullet Point, Bullet Point. And then we take it to the next level. We take you that next level. Or are you having challenges dealing with them? Yeah, we take it to the next level with a strategic approach to Amazon ads and dsp. And then I'd probably just have a call to action. I have a call to action. Okay. Yeah. Which would be like DM me because you can't really add a link to here. It just won't, it just won't go anywhere. Yeah. So I'd keep this simple because you're going to have a good services section, hopefully. I just keep this super simple. So it's like exactly what we do, who we work with. I think you've done that well here. I'm like, I'm like companies that, you know, want to leverage Amazon as a channel and then just give the social proof straight away, show that you actually work with the people, you get results, then have a call to action and then, then just let them explore your services section and explore your content themselves. Sure. Okay. Okay, Cool. So just like an overview of like what we're kind of doing is like once we have the profile done, what we're going to be doing is we're going to be creating content. Okay. We're going to be, start from the beginning. All right. We're going to be connecting with people. Okay. And we're going to find them on Sales Navigator. We're going to figure out who our ICP is. If you don't know exactly who they are already. We're going to identify who the hell, who actually, who they actually are on LinkedIn and then we're going to be connecting with these people and sending them value based messages. Okay. So an example of a value based message is something like this. Okay. And obviously if this, if this approach doesn't work, we can try a different approach. If this, another approach doesn't work, we can try different approaches until we find something that, you know, clicks. But this is an example of a valuable resource dm. This is one that I've sent and it works really well. Obviously you need to change it for your industry and so on and so forth. Something that I like to. Can you read this? Yeah. You can read it? Yeah, yeah. So this is an example and this works super, super well. So I like to use this. So I'll skip the AI personalization and get right into it. Because the reason I do this is because it, it's like, you know, to do something. Usually manual dms, they work really well because you can personalize them. But I found that if I want to do it, make it more scalable, what I do is I do anti personalization, which has, I basically call out personalization for being a bit fake and then I go into it. So, so this is basically my, my personalization line is basically anti personalization. It's like a really good way because when you say, like, I'll skip the AI personalization and get right into it. A lot of, like, founders, especially, because they've, like, gotten so many, like, dms, like, hey, I've seen this. Or like, I noticed that you went to this college, or I noticed that you, you know, did this, or I noticed that you know this guy or you're connected to this person. And they've seen it all before. So this kind of works really well because it's different. And it's like, oh, like, he's not gonna, like, try and fake me, not gonna try and build fake rapport. He's just gonna get straight into it. And then what I do is like. So I say something like this. But you'd have to. Do you think you can find, like, something for your industry that could work something like this? Like something on their Amazon strategy or on their website or on their, you know, listing or whatever? Maybe. Well, well, we could find that. But doing this one itself will take a lot of time to go through, actually understand their company and where audit, you know, even a quick audit, doing that will take a lot of time. Right. And then another thing that I was going to say is, would people care about it if. If I send these kind of messages or outreach? Because a lot of people would reach out to me even, and then I'd not even feel like responding. Yeah, because they will if they have the problem. Because obviously you're not responding to people because you haven't. It's not a relevant message for you. So the key is to find the exact right people that are your ICP that you can actually help, and then sending a message to them. Because when it comes to outreach, you're only trying to find the 3% of people that are actually ready to buy now. Because what content does, it continues nurturing people, and it kind of gets people inbound. But when it comes to outbound, you're not trying to close everyone or trying to make everyone happy. Because in any industry, there's always going to be 3% of people that are like, they actually have this problem now. Like, they're actually talking about it, thinking about it, that, okay, this is actually a problem that I have. Like, you know, Amazon's like, it's just like, it's not growing, it's stagnant. You know, my team's, like, not doing a very good job with it, so on and so forth. And the something that's active in their minds right now, those are the people when you message them, they're like, yeah, like send it over, why not? So but obviously if you can't do a, if you can't do a video strategy or if this is something that can't work, obviously there's like different approaches for it. But I'm saying like the overall like psychology of it is you only want the top 3% of people. And because you're going to be very specific on who you send this message to, you're going to be like picking out the right list and the right people exactly who you're sending this message to. It makes it much more likely that, that those are going to be the right kinds of people. And oh, and every outbound, there's the majority of people are not going to respond. Every outbound, like literally every, everyone that's ever done outbound. But it's getting even. If you get like 1020 response rate and you're getting that consistently, that's when you're like booking meetings consistently. You're having good conversations consistently. So yeah, that's what it's all about. So yeah, so what we're going to be doing is finding the right people by. Have you ever used sales navigate? No, never. Okay. Yeah, so I'm going to be helping you with this basically. Basically what Sales Navigator is, it allows you to find people. So let me show you an example. So let's just say I'm doing it for myself. Banda, I'm sorry. Found out seniority on a owner partner years in current company. Okay, so say geography. We only want to work with people in United Kingdom or like USA for example. And then we only want to work with people that are in the accounting industry. And then they have had to change. They've had to post it on LinkedIn at least in the last 90 days, so they're active, so on and so forth. So basically what you want to do is you want to put in your parameters exactly like what you believe is your perfect ICP and then it gives you a list of people. So here it's like 103 people only because I don't know because probably because of this. But these are like if this was your ICP, that's like 103 perfect people that you can message. But usually it's going to be way more than 103. Usually it's going to be like, you know, 1000-5000-6000-7000. And also it always refreshes more new people. So let's just say a new person becomes a founder in that industry. He makes A new company, he's going to be automatically added into this list. So you're always going to get new, new leads coming in all the time. We're going to be connecting with these people and then we're going to be. A percentage of them are going to accept and we're going to be sending their messages, A percentage of them are going to respond. We're going to get a percentage of them onto calls. And then at the same time we're also going to be posting content so that basically we can nurture these people, but then we can also bring people into our audience without us having to go to them all the time. Yeah. Cool. So I want to start now we've done the profile. I want to go a bit more into content because you haven't really, like, I don't think you have that much experience with content and stuff like that. And the best way to kind of get good at content or is get more of an understanding is firstly kind of like by seeing what, what's working already on the platform. Because the thing with content is there's not that many secrets. Like there, there is like nuances that you get better over time, but there's not that many secrets in the sense that everything that's working is already on LinkedIn. Do you know what I mean? So it's not like on another platform, like everything that's working is already there on LinkedIn for you to look at and be like, oh, this is the stuff that's working. This is stuff that doesn't seem to be working. This person's doing well. Why is he doing well? This person's not doing so well. It's all kind of just there already. So like, have you, have you got this Clio? No. Yeah. So I definitely recommend you getting Clio. One of you guys getting Clio. It's free and it's just a chrome extension. And what it allows you to do, it basically allows you to go on any of your competitors and they don't have to be direct competitors. For example, like, they don't need to be like Amazon CPG help like people that help Amazon CPG brands or like exactly, CPG brands, but they just need to be brands. They could even just be like CRO people or like ads, like provides complimentary services to the same industry, Google Ads, Facebook ads, anyone that does kind of like service based and that's doing really, really well and it allows you to like instantly analyze all their best posts. So for example, like, I don't actually have this app. I Use a different one. Because, like, the one that I use is paid, though. That's the thing. But this one's also really, really good, and it's free, so I definitely recommend it. But let's just say you went to someone like this guy. It would show you, like, all his posts, and you can sort it by likes. I'm pretty sure you can sort it by comments. And you can basically instantly see what someone's best posts are and how they actually grew. Because what this actually does is sometimes you might see someone who has, I don't know, 15,000 followers, and you might think, like, how did he get those 15,000 followers? But when you do some market research on that and actually see their posts, you can see, like, okay, this is how they got 15,000 followers. They posted this, this, and this, and that basically got them the bulk of their followers. And then you can kind of get an understanding of what works on the platform and what doesn't work on the platform. And I think this is super, super important because, yeah, you just need. You just need an understanding, like, of what's working in your industry before you start writing a whole bunch. Because then you might start doing like 20, 30 posts, and you're like, why isn't it working? But if you just took a bit of time to just kind of study and everyone does this, that's the thing. Like, like, So, like, what I have is, like, I have, like, a bunch of my competitors and, like, I have all their posts basically in a spreadsheet from highest light count going down to lowest light count. So by doing this process, it gave me, like, a really good understanding of, like, what works in my industry and what doesn't work in my industry. So I was just very, very clear like, okay, this kind of. These kinds of topics work. These kinds of topics don't work. This kind of topic works. Like, literally everyone talks about this thing for a reason because it does so well. Yeah. And this kind of, like, task, I'd say, is you kind of can't skip it. Okay, so how many competitors or other creators do you want, do you suggest that I keep track of? There's no, like, exact number, I'd say, but I'd say, like, maybe, like, max. Maybe start off with like, 7, 10. 7, 10. 7, 10 people that are doing well. And you actually, you actually want to see how they're. How they did. Well, like, make it interesting for yourself as well. Because for this, this was interesting for me because I was actually able to see, like, oh, what, what post did they actually post and it was like interesting for me to like go through and be like, okay, this is interesting. Like they posted this and they posted this. That's cool. And the thing is when you're doing complimentary stuff, like you can just take a lot of their hooks and stuff like that. So let's just say this was one for you, this was a complimentary one for you. You could, you could do the same thing. Like I'm 29 and I made my client 500k IRR in 12 months. You think here are five secrets that helped me, blah, blah, blah, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. And then post it. And you know that this is going to be a really good post because his one got like 492 likes, 462 likes, which is pretty good. And you could just like kind of learn from it. Like learn from the structure, like and like you can see what works. So for example, why did this work? Okay, firstly it's because he mentioned he 500k ARR in 12 months. That's interesting. He also mentioned his age. He's fairly young. That's interesting. Numbers as well in the hooks. A lot of numbers in the hooks. Again, that's, that's in all things that you can learn from. Like you like when I mentioned client revenue, when I mentioned how much money I made, when I mentioned how much money I made my clients, that's going to be a good hook. So yeah, so yeah, I would say that that's like number two in terms of things like, like you need to execute profile the market research. And I'd say one, the, like the last thing before we go into like if you have any questions and stuff like that because I don't like overwhelm you with like a million things. So first of all the Sales navigator, we need to learn that. Do you have any resources for that or how are you going to do that? So when it comes to Sales navigator, there's like loads of resources on YouTube. Like if someone doesn't go on YouTube and like a lot of my clients, usually they have like a bit of understanding so I can just like walk through it with them or some, some like understand it already. So there's not that much. But if you don't have any understanding at all, I'd say just watch a YouTube video on it. Just write Sales Navigator on YouTube and just watch one video, get an understanding and then anything else, we'll just go through it in a call. Okay. Yeah, because a lot of the information is out there, but there's probably going to be like a few, just me doing it with you together, it's just going to help you. I'll get a better list basically. But a lot, a lot of that information is already out there. The information that's not really out there is more like, is more to do with like what message we should send, what different kind of messages we can test. And then also once we get a response, how do we deal with it? A lot of that information's hard to find. Got it. Okay, cool. And then the last thing I say is I want you to do like very easy post to get started with because I don't want you to be posting lots and lots of stuff until you've done some market research and then we can start posting. Another thing that, what I'd like you to do as well is when you're doing that market research, what it will allow you to do, it will allow you to get like a lot of templates and stuff like that which are good but also like try and like find out like, like what are the kind of topics or what are the kind of things that are working over and over again. Like if you see like two, three, four times like kind of note it down. Because one thing that I've done for myself is I like, is like I found topics that I call them like resonant topics. They're like topics that resonate in my market because I've seen them come up over and over again or I've seen those hooks work over and over again. So I've kind of made a note like, okay, these are the resonating topics in my market. And your market is not just Amazon. I'd say it's more like service based agency, like growing revenue through ads. Like all of that I'd say is your niche. So like try and keep track of like what are like the resonating topics, what are the things that are working over and over and over again. But anyway, so the welcome post is just a very easy post to get started with and it works all the time. So because a lot of the time basically like what's it called? Like the first post causes a lot of anxiety because you might think it's going to get like one like or something like that. But when you do like this kind of post for your first post, it usually works really, really well because it's like, it's very kind of nice. Like you're not trying to like sell anything. It's like Hi guys. Hi LinkedIn. I'm Soham, you know, and then you kind of just go into your story a little bit. So it's like I've never been a social media guy. You can use this as well because I say this is true for you. I've never really been a social media guy. Or you could be like I've never been a LinkedIn guy or I haven't. I've never thought that I'd ever post be try and be a LinkedIn influencer or something like this. But after 20 plus years in the game, you know, I think it's time for me to give content a shot. This is something I actually wrote for another client, but I help Econ Brands and this is where you do your offer. My clients pay me for this. Again, the way you do the rest of it, it's kind of up to you, but this is just one way you've done it. But this kind of hook. Hi LinkedIn, I'm Daniel or High LinkedIn. I'm Soham High LinkedIn, I'm XYZ. And then you kind of go into your story a little bit and then you kind of just introduce like what you do a little bit just in a very like non salesy way. It works really well. And then if you want to get like extra like impressions on this post, usually what you can do like you either add a picture of yourself, like I definitely add a picture of yourself attached with this as well. Like it just, it just goes with it like a happy picture, just you in the park or something like this and it would help, it would just be like a good like non pressure way to start posting stuff. Okay, so yeah, in terms of like the main three things to do though, I'd say the profile and what I can do is I can send you some stuff to help you with that with the profile, execute on the profile, get that done quickly because messaging and all that will work better once you have like a very optimized profile. Say a profile market research again understanding of what's working right now in your industry that would help with the content. And then also I say write up your welcome post like template, have a draft of that welcome post and you can send it to me and then I can have a look at it. Sure. Okay. And you mentioned that you use something instead of Clio and that's a paid one. Do you suggest, is that a better tool? Is there any extra things that a phantom. Yes. Yeah, you phantom bus. So obviously phantom buster. It does a million things but the thing that I use is this LinkedIn activity extractor. I can show you just what it does. So do you know off the top of your head any competitors or any similar or you know, anyone like that? Sure. Can you go to search for Cartograph and Yeah, it's C A R T O G R A P H paragraph. Yeah, the first one. And then yeah, go, go there and found the. Find the founder. Okay. Post. Yes. I don't know if you can find it from here. Let's see. I think I shared the link with Woolery before. Let me just find. Huh. Yeah, let me just send you the link in the chat. Is it here in the chat, Chris? Yeah, I think Chris. Oh yeah, you did, sorry. Okay, cool. Yeah, so yeah, you can do better content than this. But anyway, so let's just say you wanted to do this guy, Chris Mo. Basically you put it into this, into a LinkedIn activity extractor, you put his URL and then let's just say I want. I only click posts. So I click off all over the. All of these ones. I only want his post. And then this is basically like his last 200 posts. Save, save. And then, and then basically just launch the phantom and the phantom will go to his profile and extract all his posts and then basically give a CSV. And then what I do, I come onto the sheet, I insert the CSV and then I. So I go to. I delete it. Gives a whole bunch of other information like when it was posted, blah blah blah. I just delete everything and then I just keep likes, I keep post URL so I can go to it the actual post itself and then like count and then I sort it from highest likes to lowest likes and that's basically what gives you this sheet. And then it's really, it's really nice to be honest with you. Like even sometimes when I don't know what to post, I just go on one of these people and then I just like, oh, I go to his best post and I just get some inspiration and it helps a lot to be honest. Right, okay. So you can do that, you can do it, but it makes it quicker, I'm not gonna lie. So maybe if you want you can get it for one month. Maybe do like 10 people, 15 people, whatever you want to do, do it that way. But I don't know if it's 100 worth it, even though I pay for it, but even, even within myself, I don't know if it's 100 worth me paying for it, to be honest with you. It's one of those kinds of tools. But it does have Some words. So if you want to check out Clio, you cannot scrape things, can you? I don't think so. I don't think so. That, that's, that's the problem with it. That, that's the. Unless maybe you can if you're like good with them code and stuff like that, but I don't think so personally. Okay. It just gives you everything, but you can scrape it. All right, so in terms of the next steps, are you going to discuss anything else in this call or should we just talk about what we're going to do next? Yeah, so I think we should just execute on this because like us talking about too many things, things just won't end up getting done. I feel like three action steps is solid. Like the profile, market research and what was the last thing? Yeah, the draft of the welcome post. That's quite a lot of stuff to do within a week. So if you can just get that done in the next seven days or whatever it may be and then once that's our foundation, let's just say set and then we can like start moving on the next stops next step. Sure. Okay, sure. Okay, cool. Do you have any other questions or should we call it. Well, so please send me some examples of the profiles, those different components and I don't think I have any other questions for now. Okay, cool. So when it comes to the, the profile, I'll give you like an example of like the headline that I want you to do and also the kind of copy that I want you to do for the banner. But in terms of like the banners and stuff like that, if I send you examples, which I'll send you a couple, but there's no like perfect way of doing it. People always have like different ways of doing something. So if I send you like seven examples, there might be like seven different kind of things. But the main thing is make it very clear and as much social proof as possible. Like that's the main thing. But anyway, but I'll send you examples anyway. Sure. Okay. All right. So Valerie, do you want to ask something? No, I'm also good, thank you. Awesome. Nice. Hope you find it useful though. Yeah, sure. It's a lot of work for sure. And I may have some questions about when I'm doing, let's say working on my profile or market research. I may have some questions. So what would be the best way to reach to you? Is it on LinkedIn? Yeah, I'd say so. Okay, awesome. I guess. Take care, we'll speak soon. And also the link to Book next call is in that notion. Everything's in that notion. Okay. We can just, you know, just do the same time every week. Okay, cool. So what you can do is, when you get time, just book that slot out. Like, just. Just book it. Like, just book, like, five calls or something. Okay, sounds good. So, yeah. Okay, man. Anyways, we'll speak soon, then. And just feel free to ping me if you have any questions. All right, sounds good. Thank you. Bye now. Take care. Thank you. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Thanks. I'm good.

Speaker B: So name a lot of flying for the last two weeks.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, it's been a crazy last last couple weeks. Like for personal reasons I had to like fly a lot, which I'm not used to. But it was good in a way that was a good experience. Like now, like, you know, we haven't flown that much like to, to new countries that you're not really used to and you don't know the language, stuff like that. It's a bit scary, but once you do it a few times, you get confident. Like now I feel like I could go to like any country and just land there and just, you know, find my way.

Speaker B: Yeah. Is this like your family lives there or.

Speaker A: Yeah, not really. Yes, I know. Yes, I know.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, yeah. But yeah. Have you, have you traveled much before you get into it?

Speaker B: Not really. Not really. Not too many countries.

Speaker A: I recommend it, man. Just do it like even with even me as well. Like I was always just like, no, I can't be bothered, can't be bothered. I just want to work stuff. Like now that this happened, I want to do it more. For sure. Wow. Anyways. Yeah, for sure. So anyways, like what I usually do in this first call is like kind of set of foundations work. I'm like basically foundational things and build up from there. So the first thing I always want to go through is like your profile because that's super important. Like whatever we do next. Having a good profile is going to help with that. I also added some stuff in here as well. Yeah, so let's just have a look at your profile. Yeah. So supplement food and personal care brands. Go to person for marketing on Amazon. So what I usually like to do here is basically the overall kind of principle for a good profile is two things. So first making it clear what you do. So I'd say this is semi clear what you do. It's pretty clear. It's not so clear, but it's quite clear what you do, like who you help. But the two main things is making it clear what you do and having a lot of social proof. Because when someone jumps, gets on your profile. Because a lot of the time with LinkedIn, you know how people describe it where it's like people have to see your stuff and see your stuff and see your stuff and see your stuff, then reach out. It's not always like that. Sometimes they see a couple of posts, then they go on your profile, they see exactly what you do and because they need. Because they have that problem right now, like it's actual pain that they have like today they want to solve their problem like asap. So they'll just reach out to you. So you want to make sure your profile is very clear what you do and it has a lot of social proof in it. So I'd say something like, so you want to obviously go after CPG brands. So I do something like scaling CPG plans on a cpg. I don't like use exact wording, but it'd be like scaling CPG brands on Amazon. Then like a line generated over X million for clients such as xyz. Especially if.

Speaker B: Yeah, like some results.

Speaker A: Exactly. So the two results that you can kind of leverage if you have, which I'm sure you have some is firstly revenue generated and then also if you've worked with, let's even on like a smaller basis, some bigger brands, you can also name drop them. So generated over XM for brands such as XYZ or worked with XYZ and having that there. So let's just say I'm someone who has a pain and wants to work with someone on my Amazon and I come on yours and it's like, oh, he generated a lot of money for, you know, Amazon brands and he's also worked with xyz. Okay, sounds interesting. Yeah, so that's what, that's what I do here for the headline. Obviously the name's fine, but obviously I changed this picture as well.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Yeah, obviously it's good that that's more of like a WhatsApp. Do you know? I mean more of like a WhatsApp picture. More of like, you know, that kind of picture. Like a Facebook picture. But for again, if you want to work with like high level people, obviously they're human beings but at the same time you want to get, give an impression of, you know, what you're doing. Like you're, you're a proper, like you're serious business guy, you know, like you get results and obviously once you start talking then that's fine, you can be yourself and stuff like that. But the profile itself, it needs to kind of give a sense of authority. You can, you can smile in it, but it needs to this. I feel like it's not enough authority.

Speaker B: Yeah. So that's something that I need to work on with a photographer, I believe then he also needs to understand this is what I'm trying to do.

Speaker A: I mean you can do, it can be with a photographer, but it doesn't have to be. It could just be, you know, you, I don't know, like A wedding. You went to a wedding and someone took a picture and it's like a good headshot. Because at the end of the day, like, I didn't. Mine's not that great, but I didn't do mine with a photographer. Most people don't do it with photographer. But my point is it just needs to be a headshot. It could be like with like a slight smile. Sure, yeah, yeah, I say that. That would just work better. So when it comes to scale, your CPG brand listing copy and Amazon ads, this thing. Copy and Amazon ad. One second, let me just see how I did it. So when you say your service, like, would you say this is what it is in a nutshell or would you say there's more to it than this?

Speaker B: Well, there are more to it, but these are the, these are kind of the primary ones. Of course there are strategic components of it. There are. Sometimes they need help with compliance issues on Amazon. Those are. Compliance issue is a small little thing. But then strategy is another thing that I don't know if people necessarily would pay for separately, but that's a huge part of it.

Speaker A: Yeah, because usually what I prefer is like, is you kind of sell. You talk more about the outcome than the actual thing. Because when you're talking about listing copy, there might be like a whole bunch of people from Pakistan that like can do this. For example, on LinkedIn, they're saying they're going to do the same thing, but when you kind of. Because a lot of the people that you want to work with, they want the result. They don't really care about like you telling them about listing copy and stuff like that. They just want like a solution, an Amazon solution to help them scale. So like for example, with my.1, I'm not saying you need to copy exactly, but just what I'm trying to say is I could say helping people on LinkedIn with like content help and DM strategy, but it's like, but rather than going to that, it's more like, I'll help you do this. It's not really going into how I'm going to do it, but if you want this, then you're going to be interested. And then once we get talking, it's like, okay, now we go in a bit more of the details about it and then I can explain more about it. But let's just say someone, they think they want to scale on Amazon, but they think that their listing copies. Okay. For example. Yeah. You know, and by. It might not be. Or they might think that the Amazon ads are not that bad, but they actually are. So it's more promising, the result, or like talking about the result that you give through your system. And not so much like the nitty gritty, but like I do Amazon listings and stuff like this. Okay, cool. So that's up there. I think the design's okay. It's not too bad. Oh, You have case studies? Do you have case studies? I do, yeah. That's perfect. So what I do is. And the reason we spend a bit of time on the profile is because obviously it just helps everything else. So like, like when you send a message or something like that, the first thing they're going to come is check your profile before they respond to you. And one thing I like to do on my services section, and I've added a video basically in here. The reason I've added a video is because this guy talks about it very well. So there's no point of me like explaining the same things as what he's doing. So he explains it very well, how to optimize the services section. But as you can see here, like, I've optimized my service and it looks a lot better on video, I mean, on mobile. But basically these are case study videos. So when someone clicks on it and it's my profile. So it looks a bit different on my profile than what you see, probably. But when people like click on it, let's just say I've sent someone a message and they're like, okay, cool, I see what he does, blah, blah, blah. Is he legit? They can come to my services section and then they can like watch these videos. Okay, 20 leads in 30 days, first client in seven days, three warm bees, blah, blah, blah, blah. And then I also have some reviews here and I'm like working on getting more like basically asking the clients to give me, give me them. But what that can do is like, okay, now people can instantly see, like, okay, this guy is serious. And whatever, he's messaging me right now, he could actually be the solution to my problem. So I might as just give him a response. Like, it doesn't mean they're straight away going to jump on a call with you. But okay, like, he might be the guy. He might actually be someone that can help me here. So basically optimizing your services section. And if you don't have video testimonials, you can also add documents. So another one of my clients, basically, he did it with documents. So his services section looks like this. You just click on it and then you just, you can just Read these. Yeah, I said, okay, cool. This is interesting. Like, he actually has some real results to share with the real companies and obviously that's going to make him way more trustworthy. And each of these is basically lead magnet as well, because if someone does click on them, read them, they can book a call directly on the page. And this is done with.

Speaker B: Yeah, I have come across this one.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's actually really good. Okay, that's that. So that's services section. And I'll tell you the last thing. Services section. And the last. I think this is fine. Found our CPG edge. I'm going to add strategies, fonted ads, Amazon, dsp, Instacart, stuff like this. Cool. Coordinator. It's fine. That's fine. That's fine. Yeah, that's pretty much it. That's pretty much it. So I'd say headline, picture. Just work with the wording of this a bit. And then your service section. Okay. Yeah, that's pretty much it. So that's, that's, that's it for the profile. Do you have any questions around that? Do you need, like, any templates, like, any help with this?

Speaker B: Well, if you have some examples, probably you could refer to that. And also, I mean, if you have. Yeah, basically examples, that would help. And another thing is for the about section, or is there anything else that I should be doing about the experience section?

Speaker A: Which part?

Speaker B: The about section? Yeah, this one.

Speaker A: Do you think it's all right? Pretty good. I'd say just add more social proof in it. So I like this line. This is actually really good. Based in Toronto. This is. That's actually important as well because a lot of clients would want to work with people that are based in like, America, uk, Canada, so based in Toronto. Specialize in this. This is really good. And then I, I'd be like, after this line, obviously there's no perfect way of doing an about me section. That's the thing. But after this line, I'd probably say something like, we've worked. We've generated over X amount, working with clients such as 1, 2, 3. And then I just cut this. Okay, so imagine I cut this line and then I said, we've worked with bra. We've generated over X amount, working with brands such as Bullet point, Bullet Point, Bullet Point. And then we take it to the next level. We take you that next level. Or are you having challenges dealing with them? Yeah, we take it to the next level with a strategic approach to Amazon ads and dsp. And then I'd probably just have a call to action.

Speaker B: I have a call to action.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Which would be like DM me because you can't really add a link to here. It just won't, it just won't go anywhere. Yeah. So I'd keep this simple because you're going to have a good services section, hopefully. I just keep this super simple. So it's like exactly what we do, who we work with. I think you've done that well here. I'm like, I'm like companies that, you know, want to leverage Amazon as a channel and then just give the social proof straight away, show that you actually work with the people, you get results, then have a call to action and then, then just let them explore your services section and explore your content themselves. Sure. Okay. Okay, Cool. So just like an overview of like what we're kind of doing is like once we have the profile done, what we're going to be doing is we're going to be creating content. Okay. We're going to be, start from the beginning. All right. We're going to be connecting with people. Okay. And we're going to find them on Sales Navigator. We're going to figure out who our ICP is. If you don't know exactly who they are already. We're going to identify who the hell, who actually, who they actually are on LinkedIn and then we're going to be connecting with these people and sending them value based messages. Okay. So an example of a value based message is something like this. Okay. And obviously if this, if this approach doesn't work, we can try a different approach. If this, another approach doesn't work, we can try different approaches until we find something that, you know, clicks. But this is an example of a valuable resource dm. This is one that I've sent and it works really well. Obviously you need to change it for your industry and so on and so forth. Something that I like to. Can you read this? Yeah.

Speaker B: You can read it?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So this is an example and this works super, super well. So I like to use this. So I'll skip the AI personalization and get right into it. Because the reason I do this is because it, it's like, you know, to do something. Usually manual dms, they work really well because you can personalize them. But I found that if I want to do it, make it more scalable, what I do is I do anti personalization, which has, I basically call out personalization for being a bit fake and then I go into it. So, so this is basically my, my personalization line is basically anti personalization. It's like a really good way because when you say, like, I'll skip the AI personalization and get right into it. A lot of, like, founders, especially, because they've, like, gotten so many, like, dms, like, hey, I've seen this. Or like, I noticed that you went to this college, or I noticed that you, you know, did this, or I noticed that you know this guy or you're connected to this person. And they've seen it all before. So this kind of works really well because it's different. And it's like, oh, like, he's not gonna, like, try and fake me, not gonna try and build fake rapport. He's just gonna get straight into it. And then what I do is like. So I say something like this. But you'd have to. Do you think you can find, like, something for your industry that could work something like this? Like something on their Amazon strategy or on their website or on their, you know, listing or whatever? Maybe. Well,

Speaker B: well, we could find that. But doing this one itself will take a lot of time to go through, actually understand their company and where audit, you know, even a quick audit, doing that will take a lot of time. Right. And then another thing that I was going to say is, would people care about it if. If I send these kind of messages or outreach? Because a lot of people would reach out to me even, and then I'd not even feel like responding.

Speaker A: Yeah, because they will if they have the problem. Because obviously you're not responding to people because you haven't. It's not a relevant message for you. So the key is to find the exact right people that are your ICP that you can actually help, and then sending a message to them. Because when it comes to outreach, you're only trying to find the 3% of people that are actually ready to buy now. Because what content does, it continues nurturing people, and it kind of gets people inbound. But when it comes to outbound, you're not trying to close everyone or trying to make everyone happy. Because in any industry, there's always going to be 3% of people that are like, they actually have this problem now. Like, they're actually talking about it, thinking about it, that, okay, this is actually a problem that I have. Like, you know, Amazon's like, it's just like, it's not growing, it's stagnant. You know, my team's, like, not doing a very good job with it, so on and so forth. And the something that's active in their minds right now, those are the people when you message them, they're like, yeah, like send it over, why not? So but obviously if you can't do a, if you can't do a video strategy or if this is something that can't work, obviously there's like different approaches for it. But I'm saying like the overall like psychology of it is you only want the top 3% of people. And because you're going to be very specific on who you send this message to, you're going to be like picking out the right list and the right people exactly who you're sending this message to. It makes it much more likely that, that those are going to be the right kinds of people. And oh, and every outbound, there's the majority of people are not going to respond. Every outbound, like literally every, everyone that's ever done outbound. But it's getting even. If you get like 1020 response rate and you're getting that consistently, that's when you're like booking meetings consistently. You're having good conversations consistently. So yeah, that's what it's all about. So yeah, so what we're going to be doing is finding the right people by. Have you ever used sales navigate?

Speaker B: No, never.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, so I'm going to be helping you with this basically. Basically what Sales Navigator is, it allows you to find people. So let me show you an example. So let's just say I'm doing it for myself. Banda, I'm sorry. Found out seniority on a owner partner years in current company. Okay, so say geography. We only want to work with people in United Kingdom or like USA for example. And then we only want to work with people that are in the accounting industry. And then they have had to change. They've had to post it on LinkedIn at least in the last 90 days, so they're active, so on and so forth. So basically what you want to do is you want to put in your parameters exactly like what you believe is your perfect ICP and then it gives you a list of people. So here it's like 103 people only because I don't know because probably because of this. But these are like if this was your ICP, that's like 103 perfect people that you can message. But usually it's going to be way more than 103. Usually it's going to be like, you know, 1000-5000-6000-7000. And also it always refreshes more new people. So let's just say a new person becomes a founder in that industry. He makes A new company, he's going to be automatically added into this list. So you're always going to get new, new leads coming in all the time. We're going to be connecting with these people and then we're going to be. A percentage of them are going to accept and we're going to be sending their messages, A percentage of them are going to respond. We're going to get a percentage of them onto calls. And then at the same time we're also going to be posting content so that basically we can nurture these people, but then we can also bring people into our audience without us having to go to them all the time. Yeah. Cool. So I want to start now we've done the profile. I want to go a bit more into content because you haven't really, like, I don't think you have that much experience with content and stuff like that. And the best way to kind of get good at content or is get more of an understanding is firstly kind of like by seeing what, what's working already on the platform. Because the thing with content is there's not that many secrets. Like there, there is like nuances that you get better over time, but there's not that many secrets in the sense that everything that's working is already on LinkedIn. Do you know what I mean? So it's not like on another platform, like everything that's working is already there on LinkedIn for you to look at and be like, oh, this is the stuff that's working. This is stuff that doesn't seem to be working. This person's doing well. Why is he doing well? This person's not doing so well. It's all kind of just there already. So like, have you, have you got this Clio?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I definitely recommend you getting Clio. One of you guys getting Clio. It's free and it's just a chrome extension. And what it allows you to do, it basically allows you to go on any of your competitors and they don't have to be direct competitors. For example, like, they don't need to be like Amazon CPG help like people that help Amazon CPG brands or like exactly, CPG brands, but they just need to be brands. They could even just be like CRO people or like ads, like provides complimentary

Speaker B: services to the same industry, Google Ads,

Speaker A: Facebook ads, anyone that does kind of like service based and that's doing really, really well and it allows you to like instantly analyze all their best posts. So for example, like, I don't actually have this app. I Use a different one. Because, like, the one that I use is paid, though. That's the thing. But this one's also really, really good, and it's free, so I definitely recommend it. But let's just say you went to someone like this guy. It would show you, like, all his posts, and you can sort it by likes. I'm pretty sure you can sort it by comments. And you can basically instantly see what someone's best posts are and how they actually grew. Because what this actually does is sometimes you might see someone who has, I don't know, 15,000 followers, and you might think, like, how did he get those 15,000 followers? But when you do some market research on that and actually see their posts, you can see, like, okay, this is how they got 15,000 followers. They posted this, this, and this, and that basically got them the bulk of their followers. And then you can kind of get an understanding of what works on the platform and what doesn't work on the platform. And I think this is super, super important because, yeah, you just need. You just need an understanding, like, of what's working in your industry before you start writing a whole bunch. Because then you might start doing like 20, 30 posts, and you're like, why isn't it working? But if you just took a bit of time to just kind of study and everyone does this, that's the thing. Like, like, So, like, what I have is, like, I have, like, a bunch of my competitors and, like, I have all their posts basically in a spreadsheet from highest light count going down to lowest light count. So by doing this process, it gave me, like, a really good understanding of, like, what works in my industry and what doesn't work in my industry. So I was just very, very clear like, okay, this kind of. These kinds of topics work. These kinds of topics don't work. This kind of topic works. Like, literally everyone talks about this thing for a reason because it does so well. Yeah. And this kind of, like, task, I'd say, is you kind of can't skip it.

Speaker B: Okay, so how many competitors or other creators do you want, do you suggest that I keep track of?

Speaker A: There's no, like, exact number, I'd say, but I'd say, like, maybe, like, max. Maybe start off with like, 7, 10. 7, 10. 7, 10 people that are doing well. And you actually, you actually want to see how they're. How they did. Well, like, make it interesting for yourself as well. Because for this, this was interesting for me because I was actually able to see, like, oh, what, what post did they actually post and it was like interesting for me to like go through and be like, okay, this is interesting. Like they posted this and they posted this. That's cool. And the thing is when you're doing complimentary stuff, like you can just take a lot of their hooks and stuff like that. So let's just say this was one for you, this was a complimentary one for you. You could, you could do the same thing. Like I'm 29 and I made my client 500k IRR in 12 months. You think here are five secrets that helped me, blah, blah, blah, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. And then post it. And you know that this is going to be a really good post because his one got like 492 likes, 462 likes, which is pretty good. And you could just like kind of learn from it. Like learn from the structure, like and like you can see what works. So for example, why did this work? Okay, firstly it's because he mentioned he 500k ARR in 12 months. That's interesting. He also mentioned his age. He's fairly young. That's interesting. Numbers as well in the hooks. A lot of numbers in the hooks. Again, that's, that's in all things that you can learn from. Like you like when I mentioned client revenue, when I mentioned how much money I made, when I mentioned how much money I made my clients, that's going to be a good hook. So yeah, so yeah, I would say that that's like number two in terms of things like, like you need to execute profile the market research. And I'd say one, the, like the last thing before we go into like if you have any questions and stuff like that because I don't like overwhelm you with like a million things.

Speaker B: So first of all the Sales navigator, we need to learn that. Do you have any resources for that or how are you going to do that?

Speaker A: So when it comes to Sales navigator, there's like loads of resources on YouTube. Like if someone doesn't go on YouTube and like a lot of my clients, usually they have like a bit of understanding so I can just like walk through it with them or some, some like understand it already. So there's not that much. But if you don't have any understanding at all, I'd say just watch a YouTube video on it. Just write Sales Navigator on YouTube and just watch one video, get an understanding and then anything else, we'll just go through it in a call. Okay. Yeah, because a lot of the information is out there, but there's probably going to be like a few, just me doing it with you together, it's just going to help you. I'll get a better list basically. But a lot, a lot of that information is already out there. The information that's not really out there is more like, is more to do with like what message we should send, what different kind of messages we can test. And then also once we get a response, how do we deal with it? A lot of that information's hard to find. Got it. Okay, cool. And then the last thing I say is I want you to do like very easy post to get started with because I don't want you to be posting lots and lots of stuff until you've done some market research and then we can start posting. Another thing that, what I'd like you to do as well is when you're doing that market research, what it will allow you to do, it will allow you to get like a lot of templates and stuff like that which are good but also like try and like find out like, like what are the kind of topics or what are the kind of things that are working over and over again. Like if you see like two, three, four times like kind of note it down. Because one thing that I've done for myself is I like, is like I found topics that I call them like resonant topics. They're like topics that resonate in my market because I've seen them come up over and over again or I've seen those hooks work over and over again. So I've kind of made a note like, okay, these are the resonating topics in my market. And your market is not just Amazon. I'd say it's more like service based agency, like growing revenue through ads. Like all of that I'd say is your niche. So like try and keep track of like what are like the resonating topics, what are the things that are working over and over and over again. But anyway, so the welcome post is just a very easy post to get started with and it works all the time. So because a lot of the time basically like what's it called? Like the first post causes a lot of anxiety because you might think it's going to get like one like or something like that. But when you do like this kind of post for your first post, it usually works really, really well because it's like, it's very kind of nice. Like you're not trying to like sell anything. It's like Hi guys. Hi LinkedIn. I'm Soham, you know, and then you kind of just go into your story a little bit. So it's like I've never been a social media guy. You can use this as well because I say this is true for you. I've never really been a social media guy. Or you could be like I've never been a LinkedIn guy or I haven't. I've never thought that I'd ever post be try and be a LinkedIn influencer or something like this. But after 20 plus years in the game, you know, I think it's time for me to give content a shot. This is something I actually wrote for another client, but I help Econ Brands and this is where you do your offer. My clients pay me for this. Again, the way you do the rest of it, it's kind of up to you, but this is just one way you've done it. But this kind of hook. Hi LinkedIn, I'm Daniel or High LinkedIn. I'm Soham High LinkedIn, I'm XYZ. And then you kind of go into your story a little bit and then you kind of just introduce like what you do a little bit just in a very like non salesy way. It works really well. And then if you want to get like extra like impressions on this post, usually what you can do like you either add a picture of yourself, like I definitely add a picture of yourself attached with this as well. Like it just, it just goes with it like a happy picture, just you in the park or something like this and it would help, it would just be like a good like non pressure way to start posting stuff. Okay, so yeah, in terms of like the main three things to do though, I'd say the profile and what I can do is I can send you some stuff to help you with that with the profile, execute on the profile, get that done quickly because messaging and all that will work better once you have like a very optimized profile. Say a profile market research again understanding of what's working right now in your industry that would help with the content. And then also I say write up your welcome post like template, have a draft of that welcome post and you can send it to me and then I can have a look at it. Sure. Okay.

Speaker B: And you mentioned that you use something instead of Clio and that's a paid one. Do you suggest, is that a better tool? Is there any extra things that a phantom.

Speaker A: Yes. Yeah, you phantom bus. So obviously phantom buster. It does a million things but the thing that I use is this LinkedIn activity extractor. I can show you just what it does. So do you know off the top of your head any competitors or any similar or you know, anyone like that? Sure.

Speaker B: Can you go to search for Cartograph and Yeah, it's C A R T O G R A P H paragraph. Yeah, the first one. And then yeah, go, go there and found the. Find the founder.

Speaker A: Okay. Post. Yes.

Speaker B: I don't know if you can find it from here. Let's see. I think I shared the link with Woolery before. Let me just find.

Speaker A: Huh.

Speaker B: Yeah, let me just send you the link in the chat.

Speaker A: Is it here in the chat, Chris?

Speaker B: Yeah, I think Chris.

Speaker A: Oh yeah, you did, sorry. Okay, cool. Yeah, so yeah, you can do better content than this. But anyway, so let's just say you wanted to do this guy, Chris Mo. Basically you put it into this, into a LinkedIn activity extractor, you put his URL and then let's just say I want. I only click posts. So I click off all over the. All of these ones. I only want his post. And then this is basically like his last 200 posts. Save, save. And then, and then basically just launch the phantom and the phantom will go to his profile and extract all his posts and then basically give a CSV. And then what I do, I come onto the sheet, I insert the CSV and then I. So I go to. I delete it. Gives a whole bunch of other information like when it was posted, blah blah blah. I just delete everything and then I just keep likes, I keep post URL so I can go to it the actual post itself and then like count and then I sort it from highest likes to lowest likes and that's basically what gives you this sheet. And then it's really, it's really nice to be honest with you. Like even sometimes when I don't know what to post, I just go on one of these people and then I just like, oh, I go to his best post and I just get some inspiration and it helps a lot to be honest. Right,

Speaker B: okay.

Speaker A: So you can do that, you can do it, but it makes it quicker, I'm not gonna lie. So maybe if you want you can get it for one month. Maybe do like 10 people, 15 people, whatever you want to do, do it that way. But I don't know if it's 100 worth it, even though I pay for it, but even, even within myself, I don't know if it's 100 worth me paying for it, to be honest with you. It's one of those kinds of tools. But it does have Some words. So if you want to check out

Speaker B: Clio, you cannot scrape things, can you?

Speaker A: I don't think so. I don't think so. That, that's, that's the problem with it. That, that's the. Unless maybe you can if you're like good with them code and stuff like that, but I don't think so personally. Okay. It just gives you everything, but you can scrape it.

Speaker B: All right, so in terms of the next steps, are you going to discuss anything else in this call or should we just talk about what we're going to do next?

Speaker A: Yeah, so I think we should just execute on this because like us talking about too many things, things just won't end up getting done. I feel like three action steps is solid. Like the profile, market research and what was the last thing? Yeah, the draft of the welcome post. That's quite a lot of stuff to do within a week. So if you can just get that done in the next seven days or whatever it may be and then once that's our foundation, let's just say set and then we can like start moving on the next stops next step.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Okay, sure. Okay, cool. Do you have any other questions or should we call it.

Speaker B: Well, so please send me some examples of the profiles, those different components and I don't think I have any other questions for now.

Speaker A: Okay, cool. So when it comes to the, the profile, I'll give you like an example of like the headline that I want you to do and also the kind of copy that I want you to do for the banner. But in terms of like the banners and stuff like that, if I send you examples, which I'll send you a couple, but there's no like perfect way of doing it. People always have like different ways of doing something. So if I send you like seven examples, there might be like seven different kind of things. But the main thing is make it very clear and as much social proof as possible. Like that's the main thing. But anyway, but I'll send you examples anyway. Sure. Okay.

Speaker B: All right. So Valerie, do you want to ask something?

Speaker A: No, I'm also good, thank you. Awesome. Nice. Hope you find it useful though.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. It's a lot of work for sure. And I may have some questions about when I'm doing, let's say working on my profile or market research. I may have some questions. So what would be the best way to reach to you? Is it on LinkedIn?

Speaker A: Yeah, I'd say so. Okay, awesome. I guess. Take care, we'll speak soon. And also the link to Book next call is in that notion. Everything's in that notion. Okay.

Speaker B: We can just, you know, just do the same time every week.

Speaker A: Okay, cool. So what you can do is, when you get time, just book that slot out. Like, just. Just book it. Like, just book, like, five calls or something.

Speaker B: Okay, sounds good.

Speaker A: So, yeah. Okay, man. Anyways, we'll speak soon, then. And just feel free to ping me if you have any questions.

Speaker B: All right, sounds good. Thank you.

Speaker A: Bye now. Take care. Thank you. Bye.

