Transcript for: Recording__1148.mp4
Title: Recording #1148
============================================================

Not always about. There are so many intent. There are external internal intents. That's how system is there. Because if you go to try and if you try to do things manually, then there are a lot of roadblocks like how you're going to find out these companies, how you're going to make sure this company or something like that, like it's a very interesting. That's why the system is very much interesting. Because you can play with bulk and the probability and chances will become higher of getting a reply and you can target anybody. Like you just have to assume I want to work with something like this because there are multiple look likes. Okay, maybe there are, there's a one company that maybe let's suppose there's one creator who's targeting these type of companies. You can find thousands of lookalike of those companies even if they are not available or they're not doing any type of activity on around the globe or something. But you can reach out to them because they are the lookalikes. Got it. And along with this, if I have some lists already, then can we also add them manually into this process? Yeah, you can. It can be uploaded, it can be filtered out, it can be qualified. See, quality, getting data is not the issue, but how you qualify the data. What are the metrics, what are the triggers, especially metrics of course that I feel, you know, makes so much sense. If you don't have good metrics then sometimes things go, you know, randomly and you feel like we are doing something wrong. It's not that you are doing something wrong, it's more of like you might have missed something on your system. Okay, so it's more of, that's why we call it GTM engineering because you are creating a system according to your requirements. Maybe it's very small. You know the best part is some of the like this is one client, the ticket size is $50. Okay. For the tool because it's a CRM tool for all of these things. So the, the number of demos they want to book is higher. They want to book, they usually book 100 to 150 demos every month. Okay. So in order to get to 100 demos we have to send 10, 20,000 or 30,000 emails. So ultimately you have to increase your chances. Okay, so the email rate, the messages reply rate is more of like 20 or 30%. Okay. So out of those 30% you have to choose. Okay, this is my ticket size on one of the client they provide customized AI solution. Okay, that ticket size is $20,000 for them seven call booking is more than enough for a month. So it depends upon the ticket size also. Got it. Okay. Yeah, sounds good. Now a few more questions. Of course all these things are very new Omega. So I saw on your profile you have mentioned instantly and also you have mentioned AVs. So are you. Are those a part of the entire process or do you not always use them? See instantly Smart leads, Clay, Ocean AI. There are a lot of AI tools Hadi Trigify. It depends upon what kind of system we want to build. Let's suppose Triggify Hadith especially to automate the LinkedIn outreach process. Okay. If we. If we think. If we see that you know LinkedIn can is a very important LinkedIn outreach is a very important part then we you know spend, you know creating those spend time and money creating on those system. Now instantly is only for warm ups. That can be easily done on smart leads also. Okay, Instantly is like instantly help us to get, you know, good. Like it keeps the health of your domains very good. Like it keep. It keeps warming them up so that it doesn't go into spam. So for that instantly is very good. But that can usually we don't. We use smart lead for that more of. For more of our clients. Okay. Rest Clay is major particle you have. Clay will always be there. Smart lead instantly Apollo depends upon the data. Okay from where we are getting more of the data from where we can go or something like that. So finding the tools is not the important part. It's more of like how much understanding you have about your customers, the pain points and like you know how you can. So the business model, the revenue generation model is very important to understand first and then we create a tool stack for every company. Tool stack is very different like for personally for me I don't use heyreach. I have used Triggify. Like I have collaborated with all of these tools. I have free access to Harish Triggyfi instantly for the entire year. Even Clay. I'm also a Clay creator so I have so many additional benefits. So like you know, sometimes for. For a month I use for two or three weeks I have used Triggify. I have collected a lot of data and everything from Trigify and then we put all the data into Clay and we get qualified data and then we start our campaigns. For me I don't do 10,000, 5,000 messages because I wrote my reply rate is very good because of the my. Because of my profile. Okay. So everything goes hand to hand. Whatever is required at the time. We try to do that if the LinkedIn presence not good. If we see that we are not getting good replies on LinkedIn then why to waste our time and effort on that? Okay, let's. Let's switch to another system. Okay. So it's always one or two systems but you have to do back and forth because sometimes what happens we don't if we are not. If you see these are the people who are reading our messages on LinkedIn. They are very much active even they are hiring but they are not replying to us. Then we use other tactics. Then we start doing emails, then we start taking good follow ups. Then we start taking sending them loom videos or sending their decks or something. So it's more like getting the first reply after that. Our follow up process is very so much strong that you know, if you get or if we can get a reply. Okay, yes, send me your deck then that means 80% of the client is already closed. Got it. So okay, so let's say we were to work together. How will the process look like at the beginning? Okay so just. Can you just again take me through. I think I'm forgetting you were into that ads or something. Right? I'll tell you. And it's very briefly so I. We work with CPG brands and help them with e commerce aspect mostly Amazon and also Instacart. Instacart is a grocery delivery service like you know, know having India blanket and all. So yeah, that's what we do. We do marketing and advertising for CPG companies on those platforms. Okay. Okay. Now, okay this is more than enough. Okay so now see we have to, we have to first build a system that you know I think this Amazon, all of these things it's very easy to get the data and qualify them. So same the clay system will be built for you. And let me see if I have this clay table in this laptop. Okay so. Okay so see so this is the clay table for Beyond AI Tech. So basically the company that I was telling you the ticket size is $20,000. So that's how it's gonna be for you. So we first find prospects and then it will be filtered okay. In the system itself. So the workflows this usually like what kind of workflow we are creating. Let's suppose we are first finding the companies, maybe we are importing them. Then we have to build a custom table. Okay. Then we find the source and that's how the usually this is just a you know, workflow. That's how it's gonna it looks on the dashboard. This is the data dashboard. And now we build, you know, these are the follow ups. And are these on LinkedIn? No, it, it is a cold email campaign. Okay, got it. Okay. It happens through email. Do you sometimes implement this strategy where you try to target the same company with both email and also LinkedIn? Yeah, yeah. LinkedIn outreach goes hand in hand. Okay. And this is the, you can see the, see the replies. 7 call bookings we got in the first month and like you know the ticket size is 20,000 which is like more than enough. So that's how the, then we do, we find the right people, we qualify them everything and then we create all the campaigns and it is uploaded in Smart lead. Smart lead. Usually we use to run the campaigns. Okay. So the delivery rate, everything is very good. Response rate is very good. So all of these, that's how the table is customized according to the client and the business. Okay, so let's suppose in your case will be finding these people like consumer packaged goods or you, you help CPG brands. Okay so first we're gonna do, we're gonna just you know, understand your target audience that like there are so many things that we do to understand target audience. So two GTM engineers will be there. So basically three to four people work on one profile. LinkedIn outreach is another part. And since a little bit like, let's suppose like recently what we are doing, this is a specially brand, especially new one. Okay. They just, recently they just got funded and then they started doing. So we just started this week and last week and now we are able to book demo only through LinkedIn comments or LinkedIn DMS. Okay so basically I think it's, I think we've started. It's been seven days we are doing postings. Okay so the, another outreach system is also built for them that is already working but LinkedIn is also working for them because it is for SaaS only the solution for SaaS. So we are able to do that. So then we do all of these things. So it's, it's different for every now for, it's different for the, for, for this company. So basically a founder's profile is different. Like we don't do so many things from the founders profile because there are so many limitations. So what we do the, all the campaigns, everything will run on us or uae. That's all, that's how it works. So it is different for every company. Okay, so now we need to understand your pain points. We will understand the geography, will understand the pain points, we'll understand ICP mapping. Out all of these things. Once it's done, then we figure out, okay, this is a system that we're going to be building for you. Okay. And, and whether see LinkedIn profile optimization, LinkedIn content creation will be there, but it, it will become a kind of a secondary part of it. Not the primary one. It used to be primary earlier for me, but one once I started implementing this system, once I saw that, you know, even people with telling you 500 followers, 1000 followers doesn't matter, they were able to generate so good business out of these systems. So then I, you know, decided to make a LinkedIn personal branding a part of it, not the important part. Okay. So content will be there, profile optimization will be there. It go like, you know, usually we try to keep five or 10 posts in a month just to keep the profile up to dated so that you will be known for something also. Okay, Apart from that, this system is more than enough. LinkedIn outreach is more than enough. Got it. And you said that you are not going to use the founder's profile. So whose profile are you going to use in this case? In some of the cases founders does not like, you know, IKIM has got 2 million fund recently got funded. Okay. So most, most of the founders are not comfortable, you know, doing the outreach. So we use their employees profile, anybody's. But in your case I think this won't be an issue, right? Yeah, yeah. So we can use your profile and some of the time what we do, let's suppose we have your profile. Let's suppose you can. You, you are able to give us one more verified profile or two more verified profile. So we can also play with bulk because from one profile with Sales Navigator we'll be able to send 6 to 700 messages every month. Okay so if you want to play with, we always try to play with bulk. So let's suppose if you want to send 2,000 messages then we use two, one or two more LinkedIn profiles. Okay. If like from anybody's, from your family member or maybe team member, anybody, something. Okay, so that's, that's another part of it. So it's, it, it will be a combination of both of the things. But at the end of the day we are just, we are, we'll be just giving you the leads, qualified call booking and everything doesn't matter some, most of after three, after a few months like it doesn't even matter what you are doing, what system you are using. At the end of the day you are giving me business, you are giving me lead. That's all. So we try to build that system first. Got it. Yeah. Well, you know, Megha, all these details are fine, but you, it looks like you're a little bit tired. Sorry. At the end of the day, did you have a long delay today? No, no, it's fine. Usually that's why I kept this timing open because see, 9 to 12, usually I have all these WhatsApp call quick, quick conversations with all of the clients. So 30% of the clients are Indian. Rest of them are from different times on. So I have to. It's normal for me. Okay, I see. Yeah. Well, so this gives me a good idea. But I mean, I see that there are so many different ways of doing it and it's customized solution for different clients. For some you may need to send 20,000 emails. For some you may need to send just 5,000. So like how does, how does this impact the pricing? Does it also. 5,000, 20,000. Usually it is the number. Let's suppose if your product size is very small, like $50 that I'm telling you, for one client, for them sending 2000 mails only won't give us even 10 or 20 demos. Right? So pricing doesn't matter. All it matters is the kind of leads that, you know, we are assuring you that you'll be. You'll get this much call bookings every month. That's how it's important. Otherwising, it's like it's not that we are sending 10,000 or 5,000 email. The pricing will be different. No, pricing will be same. Because ultimately we are building a system that will give you qualified leads. It's not a system that will, you know, only ensure that, you know, you'll be able to send 5,000 emails or for another system, you'll be able to send 20,000 emails. You can send. You know, that's not the thing that, that is that usually we major. All right. And one more thing about the content. So throughout these months, I have built kind of my own way of doing things. Before, I didn't have any idea what should I talk about. So one simple system that I've built is for example, I am having meetings with clients, right? I simply take those meeting recordings, identify the topics that we discussed, and then make contents around that. That's what I have. I started doing. I'm not consistent around that. Not sure if that's a good idea. You probably will have your opinion on that. So do you think we do the same for our clients? Because these meetings and everything depends upon how you are mapping out the entire interview, meeting with your client. Okay, so we have like, you know, we have a pro. We know that every, every after 10 days, every week, what kind of questions we need them to answer on those. Out of those conversations. We are able to create content with that personal touch. Right. Otherwise, we will never know what is happening with what is going on with them, how the day looks like they are not able to tell us. Right. They are running companies there. They won't be available to tell us how my day looks like. Right. Right. So is it something. Will you consider the content always as a part of this overall package, or would you say no, I'll just take care of the outreach. You do content. Content will be part of it, but it will be only 10 posts in a month. Okay. And if I don't want that, then you don't have to. You can just keep it like, you know, you can just tell me that you don't want content to be the part of it you'll be managing on your own. I'll give you. I'll give you. I'll consult you with some of the content things, how you can make your profile look more good. All of these things, like, we can always discuss. It's not a big thing for me. Like, you know, if you are, you know, not sure if this is the type of, like, you know, I can see there are so many things right now. The messaging is little, little off on your profile. Like, you know, if I see the banner and everything. So of course I'll. I'll be able to tell you that how you can do this, that. That's all. Got it. Okay. See, it doesn't matter how what I've seen over the years, how your banner is looking doesn't matter. But the, the messaging, the positioning matters a lot, right? Definitely. That's all. I don't even care what the color, banner, everything. I don't even. I was the one who started everything with branding. I have a very polished brand even now on Instagram too. But still, this is coming from me, right? You know, over the years that, you know, I've seen, because I've seen profiles, I've seen people doing so well even without a good or polished. It all depends upon your messaging. Yeah. Okay, so after you pivoted your business strategy, is this more effective for your clients now in terms of getting leads? Yeah, of course. Yeah, of course. Because. And one more thing that I've seen that, you know, people used to feel very, you know, they were very reluctant that how I'm gonna Reach out to somebody. I'm a founder of this company or something like that. Now founders have, have become so good at, you know, DMs and sending messages. All the conversations, you know, happening. I've seen high level conversations, you know, happening in LinkedIn DMs. Okay. Doesn't matter how many followers you have, if somebody wants your services, they'll come to you. Even, they'll, even your posts are performing well or not that, that doesn't matter. Yeah, right. See I. Ultimately first you need. Need business. Then once you, once you. That is streamlined then you can focus on building your brand. Okay. So either your brand, you're building your brand first, maybe you're getting customers from somewhere or maybe you're waiting for your like you know, funding and all. Okay. It otherwise depends. No need. I need business first, so need clients first. So definitely. Yeah yeah. So in terms of Megha, in terms of pricing, how would that work? So how this lead generation system, all the pricing usually starts with 1500 dollars rest. I have not added personal branding in it. Personal branding. I think I have told you 7, 750 or something. Right now we are doing it in 550 because we have the number of posts and everything. But if you want to, if you don't want to take that, I won't be adding this in the package. But the rest of the system, building everything, lead generations, all this entire thing, GTM GTM side of thing will cost you max minimum 1500 dollars. Minimum 1500. How would that change? With time there will be additional tool cost that you'll be paying. But yes, you can take enterprises like we have all you can. You can take the shared systems like let's suppose clay cost you 3, 78 or 79 something. $385 or something. But if you take, if you can share with us the, the dashboard on something, the cost will be half for that. 350. Yeah, 350. Okay. So on top of this 1500 the retainer, we'll also have to carry the cost of the tools, is that right? Yeah, yeah. This is a service cost. Apart from that there will be tool cost. So let me see one second if that's in this system or not. Okay. Okay. It's here. Okay. So this is basically the tool cost. All the. So the, the. The service cost is basically for the automation system that we are building for you. Okay. Now. Okay. So this is the. Basically okay. Many rupees may I have mentioned in rupees. So yahape what we saw. If you take the Shared system it will cost you around 42495 which is around maybe 500 or 550. Right. If I'm right or and apart from that depends. Unless another price is Sales Navigator. Price is little hidden because if you are you have not used it, it will be free for two months. We can refer you for free for two months. Otherwise if you have used Sales Navigator the pricing differs. I don't know why LinkedIn does that. Some like sometimes it cost me 4200 rupees, sometimes I have to pay 6500 rupees. Okay. Okay. This will be the additional. This is one when if you want your additional system this will be the like you know, this will be all your private system. And if you want shared one, if you want to shared with the shared workspace with us then the 42 additional. So more of like if I tell you approximately so 2,000 for the first month, $2,000 will be the entire cost. This is the domains that we are taking and purchasing and building. It is a one time cost for the entire year. Got it. Okay. All right. And do you work on any other model? For example par lead, charge, power, lead or no, you don't see it can't be done. I'm telling you it's not a kind of a thing. You are going, you are just buying. Let's suppose you are buying Sales Navigator and you start outreaching people just putting some filters and all of these things on on that system. Most of the people do share like kind of this, you know, they will give charge you per lead or something. Something. But this is an automation system. This will work for you six months. The what kind of automation you are putting up, what kind of clay agent, clay AI agent you are building, what of tool you are integrating internally. Okay so. So that's a kind of, that's the thing that you know nobody can do for you for per lead basis. Got it. Although we also assure you that this is the number that you can will help you get to this number at least. Let's suppose 10 or 15 call bookings, qualified call bookings every month. Okay. People who are replying to your email and then getting on a call with you or booking the call with you that will give you a number every month. Right now I get that. I'm just worried if it will make sense for me, the numbers will make sense for me because ultimately I'm trying to grow my business. Right. So I'm in again in Canadian dollar it would probably be around 2,600, $700 a month. The entire expense that you proposed right now including tools and let's say out of 15. If I get 15 calls a month. Right. If I close 30% of that. What is your ticket size by the way? Well, I would say somewhere around nine hundred two thousand dollar maybe even less. A little bit less. Let's say 800 to 900. Let's take 800. Okay. And what is, what is the bandwidth like a monthly. How many clients you can close? Well now it's sudden if it depends on which kind of work we get from them. Right. It can, could be. One is ad management that's on retainer and another one is copywriting and SEO of their listing. So those are just one time things. Ideally we'd like to get ads, right? Ad management because that's a retainer and that's the highest paying project. I haven't thought about it before so that's why I'm. Okay, okay, let's not go on that road. So let's suppose I'm taking 900 or let's suppose thousand dollars or something. Okay. So see what happens like this is the only system that works for every type of client even if your ticket size is fifty dollars. Okay, Hundred dollars. I'm telling you apart from this there's no other system currently there's a. No other system that works for lead generation, for startups, for enterprises level nobody. There's no other system. Okay. And this is the kind of a system, there are no bottlenecks in it. Okay? LinkedIn simply if you go to LinkedIn Outreach today, you'll be very much disappointed at the end of a week. I'm telling you because those filters and everything is not is intuition based. Okay? When you go, when you go, when you want to generate leads every week, when you want to ensure that you know every week the way that I get call bookings every week, okay. So when you want to see that kind of system you have to build automations you have to have a system in place otherwise like you know, things will be. Sometimes it will be off, sometimes it will be different. Okay, so there are other. Okay, so, so this is a system that works for everybody. There is a hundred percent guarantee of the system. If you don't take my word just you know, you can just. No, it's fine maker, I understand it works, it generous leads. So if I'm just doing the math, let's say we do. That's why TAM research is very important. Okay. Even if you have multiple offers, okay, TAM research is very. Because I do have multiple offers. Also like LinkedIn, personal branding is one of the surveys now lead generation. I have niche down myself now very much because I don't do anything apart from this. I don't want to do it because you know, it's good if you have niche down. And I'm just helping one kind of person, especially for LinkedIn. So. So if you have multiple different services that you can offer to one client, so the TAM total addressable market, we have to find out. Okay. How much market we can capture for you. Okay. So after that this, everything will be put in place. But this is the cost that is, that's. That that's something that you need to invest in. After that only things will work out. Yeah, yeah, I get that. Just trying to add the numbers up. You know what Megha, this is what I think about because it will definitely not make sense the short term. So it will only work if I get clients who are. Who I can retain. Right. For ad management. And if my client base keeps on growing, then at some point maybe after the third month or the six month, it will start making sense this investment. So I'll have to think about that and see if this $2,600 or $700 of investment every month will make sense in how many months if I can make it work. Yeah, definitely. But one more thing that you are telling me that you have to. But like you know how you won't be able to grow with such automated or advanced. Like I'm just trying to understand is your, are your clients like they are like, you know, maybe I'm not well aware of the services or your business model. That's why I'm having this doubt. Otherwise there's a. No, there's no other such system that exists. No, I understand that. I understand. It's just about the system works, the fee and then versus the investment required versus how I get in return. This is what I'm going to compare. So if you have, if you want to know about my fees, for example, let's say my charges, how much I can. The ticket sizes basically. So it's not like if I get one client they will just work with me for just a listing. Copy, SEO copy. Right. They will probably work more than on more, more things than that. They may have multiple listings to work on. They may have advertising problems that they would like me to solve. Yes, the ticket size can get bigger and also it gets bigger with bigger brands. Right. So if I tell you at the smaller end, probably the ticket size for ad management will cost like 900 will bring me like 900amonth Canadian dollar. And for a listing SEO probably that would bring me about $500 per listing. So it's very difficult to quantify and come up with a number of how much I can earn per client. So that's the lower end for advertising. Now let's say on the higher end I may charge them somewhere between 1500-2000, right? Not higher end, mid range. I'll say. So my concern is if I don't end up getting ad management, which is probably the most difficult kind of project to get from clients because it's higher fee and also they have to keep on paying every month. If I can do that, then this fee will make sense maybe within the three or the first three or maybe the first six months. That's where my concern is. So there's some uncertainty whether I can get clients who would be interested in getting the ad management services from us. Well, it's nothing about your system, the system. You are an expert in this domain. Of course it's. You have to see if this makes sense to you or not. But I'm just, I'm just feeling little confused because if you are able to reach route to the right people at the right time who are in the need for your services, then why won't you like why there are chances that you are not able to close clients and if you have the bandwidth then of course maybe everybody see if I'm spending some money even let's suppose I'm spending some money on meta ads. Let's suppose like you know, we are planning for the courses and all of workshops and all. Let's suppose we are spending 50000 okay for running an ads. So always the ROI that I'll be expecting or I'll be seeing like it will be always higher. Like you know, it's not that I am assuming this is the math, these are the calculations that happens if you're spending 20,000. Now how I'm able to upsell something a higher ticket size during those workshops or something that is on my plan and that is on my funnel that I have created. Right. So I'm just trying to. That I was little confused with you. Like you know, you are just seeing spending $2,000 and not closing enough client even like let's suppose 5,000 or $10,000 while spending $2,000. Well, if I can do that, that's that works, right? If I can do that, that's where my doubt is. Because if that's what I'm trying to simplify it for you because they will if you're spending in the right system, in the, at the right like you know, if we are able to get you to the right people. If you're able to close five or six clients according to your everything. But the returns will I think always be higher because, because that's how, what it does, that's how everybody is after this system. I get it. So let's assume you're getting me 15 leads, I close five of them. Okay. Yeah. If I, if I, if I, let's say just get on average 700 to $800 in return per client. That would mean 800. Right. So $4,000. Yeah. Even in that way I'm spending almost like how much? 70% of what I'm getting from my clients on the services. Right. So if that keeps on happening, this doesn't make sense in the long run. Even in the long run. That's where I'm worried. Okay, I got it. So see if you, I can assume this for the first month. Let's suppose for first month, two months. But this is not a short term system. It will keep on happening for the coming one or two years. It's going to be same. Okay. The prospecting will be different. Maybe targeting will be little different. You'll also understand after five months or six months, depending upon how much time you are spending on the system, you'll be able to understand the tam, the icp, how we are filtering out, how we are, you know, running the campaign. What, what are the messages? What are the follow messages? So what I'm trying to tell you, but it will keep on happening. So it, it's never, it never happened with me that you know, the, the first month you are able to close $4,000 worth of client and the next month you are not able to double down on that. Like it's never, it never happened. It only happened. Maybe you'll see a lot of clients are ready to, you know, pay for your services, but you don't have the team ready with you. In that case, it only happens. Maybe you don't. You have bandwidth. That may happen for me too. Yeah. So that's what I'm trying to tell you. That was. I, I was little bit confused because there will always be better ROI on your spending. It's never be. You are spending 70% on the, on the service and you're getting rest of 30 of the results. No, it will be always, you know, the. Either way around. Got it. Yeah, I can, I can tell you first month, this will. First month. Of course it will be same because the first month warm ups. Everything happens. It takes 21 days. But you know, we try to do LinkedIn. I cannot hear you for some reason. Oh, now I can. Now I can. Okay, so, so, so that's why we, you know, Double down on LinkedIn outreach at the time when the domains and everything, everything is getting warmed up. Up. Okay. But after that second, third system, you're gonna get like, you know, there will be a lot of call bookings. I understand that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, mega. It makes sense what you're trying to say. I'm. Again, probably I will end up thinking about it and. Oh, yeah, yeah, take your time. I understand because this, all the rules and everything might seems very new to you. Think about it, you know, understand this. I'll send you some details. You can just, you know, go back and forth and then understand, and then you can let me know. I'm. I'm not going anywhere. Yeah, no, no, it's fine. Yeah, I'd appreciate the details. And also, you know, very frankly, Vega, I think it feels like the investment is a little bit bigger compared to the revenue size that we have. We are revenue bracket we are in right now. So it may feel like, oh, the investment is too big to go with right now, so we need to grow a little bit bigger first and then probably we can avail this kind of service. So that may also happen. So even if I don't go ahead with you right now with your services right now, maybe at some point in the future. All right, yeah, yeah, sure. Whenever it feels, you know, comfortable to you, you can let me know, you can DM me. Okay, sure, yeah, sounds good. Thank you so much, Mika. Okay, have a good day then. Have a good night. Bye. Bye. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Not always about. There are so many intent. There are external internal intents. That's how system is there. Because if you go to try and if you try to do things manually, then there are a lot of roadblocks like how you're going to find out these companies, how you're going to make sure this company or something like that, like it's a very interesting. That's why the system is very much interesting. Because you can play with bulk and the probability and chances will become higher of getting a reply and you can target anybody. Like you just have to assume I want to work with something like this because there are multiple look likes. Okay, maybe there are, there's a one company that maybe let's suppose there's one creator who's targeting these type of companies. You can find thousands of lookalike of those companies even if they are not available or they're not doing any type of activity on around the globe or something. But you can reach out to them because they are the lookalikes.

Speaker B: Got it. And along with this, if I have some lists already, then can we also add them manually into this process?

Speaker A: Yeah, you can. It can be uploaded, it can be filtered out, it can be qualified. See, quality, getting data is not the issue, but how you qualify the data. What are the metrics, what are the triggers, especially metrics of course that I feel, you know, makes so much sense. If you don't have good metrics then sometimes things go, you know, randomly and you feel like we are doing something wrong. It's not that you are doing something wrong, it's more of like you might have missed something on your system. Okay, so it's more of, that's why we call it GTM engineering because you are creating a system according to your requirements. Maybe it's very small. You know the best part is some of the like this is one client, the ticket size is $50. Okay. For the tool because it's a CRM tool for all of these things. So the, the number of demos they want to book is higher. They want to book, they usually book 100 to 150 demos every month. Okay. So in order to get to 100 demos we have to send 10, 20,000 or 30,000 emails. So ultimately you have to increase your chances. Okay, so the email rate, the messages reply rate is more of like 20 or 30%. Okay. So out of those 30% you have to choose. Okay, this is my ticket size on one of the client they provide customized AI solution. Okay, that ticket size is $20,000 for them seven call booking is more than enough for a month. So it depends upon the ticket size also.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. Yeah, sounds good. Now a few more questions. Of course all these things are very new Omega. So I saw on your profile you have mentioned instantly and also you have mentioned AVs. So are you. Are those a part of the entire process or do you not always use them?

Speaker A: See instantly Smart leads, Clay, Ocean AI. There are a lot of AI tools Hadi Trigify. It depends upon what kind of system we want to build. Let's suppose Triggify Hadith especially to automate the LinkedIn outreach process. Okay. If we. If we think. If we see that you know LinkedIn can is a very important LinkedIn outreach is a very important part then we you know spend, you know creating those spend time and money creating on those system. Now instantly is only for warm ups. That can be easily done on smart leads also. Okay, Instantly is like instantly help us to get, you know, good. Like it keeps the health of your domains very good. Like it keep. It keeps warming them up so that it doesn't go into spam. So for that instantly is very good. But that can usually we don't. We use smart lead for that more of. For more of our clients. Okay. Rest Clay is major particle you have. Clay will always be there. Smart lead instantly Apollo depends upon the data. Okay from where we are getting more of the data from where we can go or something like that. So finding the tools is not the important part. It's more of like how much understanding you have about your customers, the pain points and like you know how you can. So the business model, the revenue generation model is very important to understand first and then we create a tool stack for every company. Tool stack is very different like for personally for me I don't use heyreach. I have used Triggify. Like I have collaborated with all of these tools. I have free access to Harish Triggyfi instantly for the entire year. Even Clay. I'm also a Clay creator so I have so many additional benefits. So like you know, sometimes for. For a month I use for two or three weeks I have used Triggify. I have collected a lot of data and everything from Trigify and then we put all the data into Clay and we get qualified data and then we start our campaigns. For me I don't do 10,000, 5,000 messages because I wrote my reply rate is very good because of the my. Because of my profile. Okay. So everything goes hand to hand. Whatever is required at the time. We try to do that if the LinkedIn presence not good. If we see that we are not getting good replies on LinkedIn then why to waste our time and effort on that? Okay, let's. Let's switch to another system. Okay. So it's always one or two systems but you have to do back and forth because sometimes what happens we don't if we are not. If you see these are the people who are reading our messages on LinkedIn. They are very much active even they are hiring but they are not replying to us. Then we use other tactics. Then we start doing emails, then we start taking good follow ups. Then we start taking sending them loom videos or sending their decks or something. So it's more like getting the first reply after that. Our follow up process is very so much strong that you know, if you get or if we can get a reply. Okay, yes, send me your deck then that means 80% of the client is already closed.

Speaker B: Got it. So okay, so let's say we were to work together. How will the process look like at the beginning?

Speaker A: Okay so just. Can you just again take me through. I think I'm forgetting you were into that ads or something. Right?

Speaker B: I'll tell you. And it's very briefly so I. We work with CPG brands and help them with e commerce aspect mostly Amazon and also Instacart. Instacart is a grocery delivery service like you know, know having India blanket and all. So yeah, that's what we do. We do marketing and advertising for CPG companies on those platforms.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Now, okay this is more than enough. Okay so now see we have to, we have to first build a system that you know I think this Amazon, all of these things it's very easy to get the data and qualify them. So same the clay system will be built for you. And let me see if I have this clay table in this laptop. Okay so. Okay so see so this is the clay table for Beyond AI Tech. So basically the company that I was telling you the ticket size is $20,000. So that's how it's gonna be for you. So we first find prospects and then it will be filtered okay. In the system itself. So the workflows this usually like what kind of workflow we are creating. Let's suppose we are first finding the companies, maybe we are importing them. Then we have to build a custom table. Okay. Then we find the source and that's how the usually this is just a you know, workflow. That's how it's gonna it looks on the dashboard. This is the data dashboard. And now we build, you know, these are the follow ups.

Speaker B: And are these on LinkedIn?

Speaker A: No, it, it is a cold email campaign.

Speaker B: Okay, got it. Okay.

Speaker A: It happens through email.

Speaker B: Do you sometimes implement this strategy where you try to target the same company with both email and also LinkedIn?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. LinkedIn outreach goes hand in hand. Okay. And this is the, you can see the, see the replies. 7 call bookings we got in the first month and like you know the ticket size is 20,000 which is like more than enough. So that's how the, then we do, we find the right people, we qualify them everything and then we create all the campaigns and it is uploaded in Smart lead. Smart lead. Usually we use to run the campaigns. Okay. So the delivery rate, everything is very good. Response rate is very good. So all of these, that's how the table is customized according to the client and the business. Okay, so let's suppose in your case will be finding these people like consumer packaged goods or you, you help CPG brands. Okay so first we're gonna do, we're gonna just you know, understand your target audience that like there are so many things that we do to understand target audience. So two GTM engineers will be there. So basically three to four people work on one profile. LinkedIn outreach is another part. And since a little bit like, let's suppose like recently what we are doing, this is a specially brand, especially new one. Okay. They just, recently they just got funded and then they started doing. So we just started this week and last week and now we are able to book demo only through LinkedIn comments or LinkedIn DMS. Okay so basically I think it's, I think we've started. It's been seven days we are doing postings. Okay so the, another outreach system is also built for them that is already working but LinkedIn is also working for them because it is for SaaS only the solution for SaaS. So we are able to do that. So then we do all of these things. So it's, it's different for every now for, it's different for the, for, for this company. So basically a founder's profile is different. Like we don't do so many things from the founders profile because there are so many limitations. So what we do the, all the campaigns, everything will run on us or uae. That's all, that's how it works. So it is different for every company. Okay, so now we need to understand your pain points. We will understand the geography, will understand the pain points, we'll understand ICP mapping. Out all of these things. Once it's done, then we figure out, okay, this is a system that we're going to be building for you. Okay. And, and whether see LinkedIn profile optimization, LinkedIn content creation will be there, but it, it will become a kind of a secondary part of it. Not the primary one. It used to be primary earlier for me, but one once I started implementing this system, once I saw that, you know, even people with telling you 500 followers, 1000 followers doesn't matter, they were able to generate so good business out of these systems. So then I, you know, decided to make a LinkedIn personal branding a part of it, not the important part. Okay. So content will be there, profile optimization will be there. It go like, you know, usually we try to keep five or 10 posts in a month just to keep the profile up to dated so that you will be known for something also. Okay, Apart from that, this system is more than enough. LinkedIn outreach is more than enough.

Speaker B: Got it. And you said that you are not going to use the founder's profile. So whose profile are you going to use in this case?

Speaker A: In some of the cases founders does not like, you know, IKIM has got 2 million fund recently got funded. Okay. So most, most of the founders are not comfortable, you know, doing the outreach. So we use their employees profile, anybody's. But in your case I think this won't be an issue, right? Yeah, yeah. So we can use your profile and some of the time what we do, let's suppose we have your profile. Let's suppose you can. You, you are able to give us one more verified profile or two more verified profile. So we can also play with bulk because from one profile with Sales Navigator we'll be able to send 6 to 700 messages every month. Okay so if you want to play with, we always try to play with bulk. So let's suppose if you want to send 2,000 messages then we use two, one or two more LinkedIn profiles. Okay. If like from anybody's, from your family member or maybe team member, anybody, something. Okay, so that's, that's another part of it. So it's, it, it will be a combination of both of the things. But at the end of the day we are just, we are, we'll be just giving you the leads, qualified call booking and everything doesn't matter some, most of after three, after a few months like it doesn't even matter what you are doing, what system you are using. At the end of the day you are giving me business, you are giving me lead. That's all. So we try to build that system first.

Speaker B: Got it. Yeah. Well, you know, Megha, all these details are fine, but you, it looks like you're a little bit tired. Sorry. At the end of the day, did you have a long delay today?

Speaker A: No, no, it's fine. Usually that's why I kept this timing open because see, 9 to 12, usually I have all these WhatsApp call quick, quick conversations with all of the clients. So 30% of the clients are Indian. Rest of them are from different times on. So I have to. It's normal for me.

Speaker B: Okay, I see.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Well, so this gives me a good idea. But I mean, I see that there are so many different ways of doing it and it's customized solution for different clients. For some you may need to send 20,000 emails. For some you may need to send just 5,000. So like how does, how does this impact the pricing? Does it also.

Speaker A: 5,000, 20,000. Usually it is the number. Let's suppose if your product size is very small, like $50 that I'm telling you, for one client, for them sending 2000 mails only won't give us even 10 or 20 demos. Right? So pricing doesn't matter. All it matters is the kind of leads that, you know, we are assuring you that you'll be. You'll get this much call bookings every month. That's how it's important. Otherwising, it's like it's not that we are sending 10,000 or 5,000 email. The pricing will be different. No, pricing will be same. Because ultimately we are building a system that will give you qualified leads. It's not a system that will, you know, only ensure that, you know, you'll be able to send 5,000 emails or for another system, you'll be able to send 20,000 emails. You can send. You know, that's not the thing that, that is that usually we major.

Speaker B: All right. And one more thing about the content. So throughout these months, I have built kind of my own way of doing things. Before, I didn't have any idea what should I talk about. So one simple system that I've built is for example, I am having meetings with clients, right? I simply take those meeting recordings, identify the topics that we discussed, and then make contents around that. That's what I have. I started doing. I'm not consistent around that. Not sure if that's a good idea. You probably will have your opinion on that.

Speaker A: So do you think we do the same for our clients? Because these meetings and everything depends upon how you are mapping out the entire interview, meeting with your client. Okay, so we have like, you know, we have a pro. We know that every, every after 10 days, every week, what kind of questions we need them to answer on those. Out of those conversations. We are able to create content with that personal touch. Right. Otherwise, we will never know what is happening with what is going on with them, how the day looks like they are not able to tell us. Right. They are running companies there. They won't be available to tell us how my day looks like. Right.

Speaker B: Right. So is it something. Will you consider the content always as a part of this overall package, or would you say no, I'll just take care of the outreach. You do content.

Speaker A: Content will be part of it, but it will be only 10 posts in a month.

Speaker B: Okay. And if I don't want that, then

Speaker A: you don't have to. You can just keep it like, you know, you can just tell me that you don't want content to be the part of it you'll be managing on your own. I'll give you. I'll give you. I'll consult you with some of the content things, how you can make your profile look more good. All of these things, like, we can always discuss. It's not a big thing for me. Like, you know, if you are, you know, not sure if this is the type of, like, you know, I can see there are so many things right now. The messaging is little, little off on your profile. Like, you know, if I see the banner and everything. So of course I'll. I'll be able to tell you that how you can do this, that. That's all.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: See, it doesn't matter how what I've seen over the years, how your banner is looking doesn't matter. But the, the messaging, the positioning matters a lot, right?

Speaker B: Definitely.

Speaker A: That's all. I don't even care what the color, banner, everything. I don't even. I was the one who started everything with branding. I have a very polished brand even now on Instagram too. But still, this is coming from me, right? You know, over the years that, you know, I've seen, because I've seen profiles, I've seen people doing so well even without a good or polished. It all depends upon your messaging. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so after you pivoted your business strategy, is this more effective for your clients now in terms of getting leads?

Speaker A: Yeah, of course. Yeah, of course. Because. And one more thing that I've seen that, you know, people used to feel very, you know, they were very reluctant that how I'm gonna Reach out to somebody. I'm a founder of this company or something like that. Now founders have, have become so good at, you know, DMs and sending messages. All the conversations, you know, happening. I've seen high level conversations, you know, happening in LinkedIn DMs. Okay. Doesn't matter how many followers you have, if somebody wants your services, they'll come to you. Even, they'll, even your posts are performing well or not that, that doesn't matter. Yeah,

Speaker B: right.

Speaker A: See I. Ultimately first you need. Need business. Then once you, once you. That is streamlined then you can focus on building your brand. Okay. So either your brand, you're building your brand first, maybe you're getting customers from somewhere or maybe you're waiting for your like you know, funding and all. Okay. It otherwise depends.

Speaker B: No need. I need business first, so need clients first.

Speaker A: So definitely.

Speaker B: Yeah yeah. So in terms of Megha, in terms of pricing, how would that work?

Speaker A: So how this lead generation system, all the pricing usually starts with 1500 dollars rest. I have not added personal branding in it. Personal branding. I think I have told you 7, 750 or something. Right now we are doing it in 550 because we have the number of posts and everything. But if you want to, if you don't want to take that, I won't be adding this in the package. But the rest of the system, building everything, lead generations, all this entire thing, GTM GTM side of thing will cost you max minimum 1500 dollars.

Speaker B: Minimum 1500. How would that change?

Speaker A: With time there will be additional tool cost that you'll be paying. But yes, you can take enterprises like we have all you can. You can take the shared systems like let's suppose clay cost you 3, 78 or 79 something. $385 or something. But if you take, if you can share with us the, the dashboard on something, the cost will be half for that. 350. Yeah, 350.

Speaker B: Okay. So on top of this 1500 the retainer, we'll also have to carry the cost of the tools, is that right?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. This is a service cost. Apart from that there will be tool cost. So let me see one second if that's in this system or not. Okay. Okay. It's here. Okay. So this is basically the tool cost. All the. So the, the. The service cost is basically for the automation system that we are building for you. Okay. Now. Okay. So this is the. Basically okay. Many rupees may I have mentioned in rupees. So yahape what we saw. If you take the Shared system it will cost you around 42495 which is around maybe 500 or 550. Right. If I'm right or and apart from that depends. Unless another price is Sales Navigator. Price is little hidden because if you are you have not used it, it will be free for two months. We can refer you for free for two months. Otherwise if you have used Sales Navigator the pricing differs. I don't know why LinkedIn does that. Some like sometimes it cost me 4200 rupees, sometimes I have to pay 6500 rupees. Okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: This will be the additional. This is one when if you want your additional system this will be the like you know, this will be all your private system. And if you want shared one, if you want to shared with the shared workspace with us then the 42 additional. So more of like if I tell you approximately so 2,000 for the first month, $2,000 will be the entire cost. This is the domains that we are taking and purchasing and building. It is a one time cost for the entire year.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. All right. And do you work on any other model? For example par lead, charge, power, lead

Speaker A: or no, you don't see it can't be done. I'm telling you it's not a kind of a thing. You are going, you are just buying. Let's suppose you are buying Sales Navigator and you start outreaching people just putting some filters and all of these things on on that system. Most of the people do share like kind of this, you know, they will give charge you per lead or something. Something. But this is an automation system. This will work for you six months. The what kind of automation you are putting up, what kind of clay agent, clay AI agent you are building, what of tool you are integrating internally. Okay so. So that's a kind of, that's the thing that you know nobody can do for you for per lead basis.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: Although we also assure you that this is the number that you can will help you get to this number at least. Let's suppose 10 or 15 call bookings, qualified call bookings every month. Okay. People who are replying to your email and then getting on a call with you or booking the call with you that will give you a number every month.

Speaker B: Right now I get that. I'm just worried if it will make sense for me, the numbers will make sense for me because ultimately I'm trying to grow my business. Right. So I'm in again in Canadian dollar it would probably be around 2,600, $700 a month. The entire expense that you proposed right now including tools and let's say out of 15. If I get 15 calls a month.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: If I close 30% of that.

Speaker A: What is your ticket size by the way?

Speaker B: Well, I would say somewhere around nine hundred two thousand dollar maybe even less. A little bit less. Let's say 800 to 900.

Speaker A: Let's take 800. Okay. And what is, what is the bandwidth like a monthly. How many clients you can close?

Speaker B: Well now it's sudden if it depends on which kind of work we get from them. Right. It can, could be. One is ad management that's on retainer and another one is copywriting and SEO of their listing. So those are just one time things. Ideally we'd like to get ads, right? Ad management because that's a retainer and that's the highest paying project. I haven't thought about it before so that's why I'm.

Speaker A: Okay, okay, let's not go on that road. So let's suppose I'm taking 900 or let's suppose thousand dollars or something. Okay. So see what happens like this is the only system that works for every type of client even if your ticket size is fifty dollars. Okay, Hundred dollars. I'm telling you apart from this there's no other system currently there's a. No other system that works for lead generation, for startups, for enterprises level nobody. There's no other system. Okay. And this is the kind of a system, there are no bottlenecks in it. Okay? LinkedIn simply if you go to LinkedIn Outreach today, you'll be very much disappointed at the end of a week. I'm telling you because those filters and everything is not is intuition based. Okay? When you go, when you go, when you want to generate leads every week, when you want to ensure that you know every week the way that I get call bookings every week, okay. So when you want to see that kind of system you have to build automations you have to have a system in place otherwise like you know, things will be. Sometimes it will be off, sometimes it will be different. Okay, so there are other. Okay, so, so this is a system that works for everybody. There is a hundred percent guarantee of the system. If you don't take my word just you know, you can just.

Speaker B: No, it's fine maker, I understand it works, it generous leads. So if I'm just doing the math, let's say we do.

Speaker A: That's why TAM research is very important. Okay. Even if you have multiple offers, okay, TAM research is very. Because I do have multiple offers. Also like LinkedIn, personal branding is one of the surveys now lead generation. I have niche down myself now very much because I don't do anything apart from this. I don't want to do it because you know, it's good if you have niche down. And I'm just helping one kind of person, especially for LinkedIn. So. So if you have multiple different services that you can offer to one client, so the TAM total addressable market, we have to find out. Okay. How much market we can capture for you. Okay. So after that this, everything will be put in place. But this is the cost that is, that's. That that's something that you need to invest in. After that only things will work out.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, I get that. Just trying to add the numbers up. You know what Megha, this is what I think about because it will definitely not make sense the short term. So it will only work if I get clients who are. Who I can retain. Right. For ad management. And if my client base keeps on growing, then at some point maybe after the third month or the six month, it will start making sense this investment. So I'll have to think about that and see if this $2,600 or $700 of investment every month will make sense in how many months if I can make it work.

Speaker A: Yeah, definitely. But one more thing that you are telling me that you have to. But like you know how you won't be able to grow with such automated or advanced. Like I'm just trying to understand is your, are your clients like they are like, you know, maybe I'm not well aware of the services or your business model. That's why I'm having this doubt. Otherwise there's a. No, there's no other such system that exists.

Speaker B: No, I understand that. I understand. It's just about the system works, the fee and then versus the investment required versus how I get in return. This is what I'm going to compare. So if you have, if you want to know about my fees, for example, let's say my charges, how much I can. The ticket sizes basically. So it's not like if I get one client they will just work with me for just a listing. Copy, SEO copy. Right. They will probably work more than on more, more things than that. They may have multiple listings to work on. They may have advertising problems that they would like me to solve. Yes, the ticket size can get bigger and also it gets bigger with bigger brands. Right. So if I tell you at the smaller end, probably the ticket size for ad management will cost like 900 will bring me like 900amonth Canadian dollar. And for a listing SEO probably that would bring me about $500 per listing. So it's very difficult to quantify and come up with a number of how much I can earn per client. So that's the lower end for advertising. Now let's say on the higher end I may charge them somewhere between 1500-2000, right? Not higher end, mid range.

Speaker A: I'll say.

Speaker B: So my concern is if I don't end up getting ad management, which is probably the most difficult kind of project to get from clients because it's higher fee and also they have to keep on paying every month. If I can do that, then this fee will make sense maybe within the three or the first three or maybe the first six months. That's where my concern is. So there's some uncertainty whether I can get clients who would be interested in getting the ad management services from us. Well, it's nothing about your system, the system. You are an expert in this domain.

Speaker A: Of course it's. You have to see if this makes sense to you or not. But I'm just, I'm just feeling little confused because if you are able to reach route to the right people at the right time who are in the need for your services, then why won't you like why there are chances that you are not able to close clients and if you have the bandwidth then of course maybe everybody see if I'm spending some money even let's suppose I'm spending some money on meta ads. Let's suppose like you know, we are planning for the courses and all of workshops and all. Let's suppose we are spending 50000 okay for running an ads. So always the ROI that I'll be expecting or I'll be seeing like it will be always higher. Like you know, it's not that I am assuming this is the math, these are the calculations that happens if you're spending 20,000. Now how I'm able to upsell something a higher ticket size during those workshops or something that is on my plan and that is on my funnel that I have created. Right. So I'm just trying to. That I was little confused with you. Like you know, you are just seeing spending $2,000 and not closing enough client even like let's suppose 5,000 or $10,000 while spending $2,000.

Speaker B: Well, if I can do that, that's that works, right? If I can do that, that's where my doubt is.

Speaker A: Because if that's what I'm trying to simplify it for you because they will if you're spending in the right system, in the, at the right like you know, if we are able to get you to the right people. If you're able to close five or six clients according to your everything. But the returns will I think always be higher because, because that's how, what it does, that's how everybody is after this system.

Speaker B: I get it. So let's assume you're getting me 15 leads, I close five of them. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: If I, if I, if I, let's say just get on average 700 to $800 in return per client. That would mean 800. Right. So $4,000.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Even in that way I'm spending almost like how much? 70% of what I'm getting from my clients on the services. Right. So if that keeps on happening, this doesn't make sense in the long run. Even in the long run. That's where I'm worried.

Speaker A: Okay, I got it. So see if you, I can assume this for the first month. Let's suppose for first month, two months. But this is not a short term system. It will keep on happening for the coming one or two years. It's going to be same. Okay. The prospecting will be different. Maybe targeting will be little different. You'll also understand after five months or six months, depending upon how much time you are spending on the system, you'll be able to understand the tam, the icp, how we are filtering out, how we are, you know, running the campaign. What, what are the messages? What are the follow messages? So what I'm trying to tell you, but it will keep on happening. So it, it's never, it never happened with me that you know, the, the first month you are able to close $4,000 worth of client and the next month you are not able to double down on that. Like it's never, it never happened. It only happened. Maybe you'll see a lot of clients are ready to, you know, pay for your services, but you don't have the team ready with you. In that case, it only happens. Maybe you don't. You have bandwidth.

Speaker B: That may happen for me too. Yeah.

Speaker A: So that's what I'm trying to tell you. That was. I, I was little bit confused because there will always be better ROI on your spending. It's never be. You are spending 70% on the, on the service and you're getting rest of 30 of the results. No, it will be always, you know, the. Either way around.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: Yeah, I can, I can tell you first month, this will. First month. Of course it will be same because the first month warm ups. Everything happens. It takes 21 days. But you know, we try to do LinkedIn.

Speaker B: I cannot hear you for some reason. Oh, now I can. Now I can.

Speaker A: Okay, so, so, so that's why we, you know, Double down on LinkedIn outreach at the time when the domains and everything, everything is getting warmed up. Up. Okay. But after that second, third system, you're gonna get like, you know, there will be a lot of call bookings.

Speaker B: I understand that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, mega. It makes sense what you're trying to say. I'm. Again, probably I will end up thinking about it and.

Speaker A: Oh, yeah, yeah, take your time. I understand because this, all the rules and everything might seems very new to you. Think about it, you know, understand this. I'll send you some details. You can just, you know, go back and forth and then understand, and then you can let me know. I'm. I'm not going anywhere.

Speaker B: Yeah, no, no, it's fine. Yeah, I'd appreciate the details. And also, you know, very frankly, Vega, I think it feels like the investment is a little bit bigger compared to the revenue size that we have. We are revenue bracket we are in right now. So it may feel like, oh, the investment is too big to go with right now, so we need to grow a little bit bigger first and then probably we can avail this kind of service. So that may also happen. So even if I don't go ahead with you right now with your services right now, maybe at some point in the future.

Speaker A: All right, yeah, yeah, sure. Whenever it feels, you know, comfortable to you, you can let me know, you can DM me.

Speaker B: Okay, sure, yeah, sounds good. Thank you so much, Mika.

Speaker A: Okay, have a good day then.

Speaker B: Have a good night. Bye.

Speaker A: Bye. Bye.

