Transcript for: Recording__95.mp4
Title: Recording #95
============================================================

So that is like for example in Canada right now, barbecue lentils, we are out of stock, we can't fulfill. And Amazon is recommending to send more stocks for barbecue lentils and even for sea salt lentils caddies. So like when I was planning Amazon Canada for next week's dispatch to be our out of stock for those in house. But Amazon has a big consumption trend right. For all the caddies in general. So they are asking to ramp up more stock but we can't as of now. So that's on the barbecue lentil only though because we have stock barbecue and sea salt. Okay. So barbecue and sea salt lentils. So basically you're saying we are out of stock on Amazon, we can't fulfill. So this is, we are not out of stock, we are low on stock on Amazon. Yeah. Okay. And so what's, what's the issue? No, so Amazon always gives me a recommendation so like each week they will give us that, hey, we are currently running low on stock. So by the time we decide to make a switch to the new packaging or the new format instead of moving from a regular caddy, they'll keep giving us alert. So that is the only thing that is happening right now. I'm not sure if it affects our ranking or any. Does that affect ranking? Because basically what we're trying to do is just those two we're not fulfilling, they're discontinued. So how do we just run to zero. Without. It's a wait and watch game for us. Ideally it's just a. Well, you know what Amazon or you know what Anabap, I'm going to take this conversation with you offline because I just need to be clear on what, what's happening and then I'll communicate back to show home what the questions are here in terms of the caddies. And, and just a final comment from my side. Like for this week's shipment that we sent to Amazon, I, I, I have, I have some of the stocks which I had to refill based on the existing caddies format. Right. Like we still have excess stock of some of the SKUs. So I just plan to replenish them. For example, this I sent, I'm sending 120 units and then sea salt and lime chickpeas, I'm sending another 80 units. So that's to our discussion. We had last week show home where I know we turned off the spend on these caddies because that's not where we want to be spending our budget. Or we had that small bucket of $500 for the other. So this will be part of our discussion today too and saying I have to move this inventory. It's the only outlet for these items. So if we have to put some dollars there just to, just to move these, we might just have to do that over the next, you know, four months or something. Yeah, yeah. So yes, keep. If we have inventory here and above on those two skills to fulfill. Fulfill. Yeah, yeah, that is what I did. Yeah, that is exactly what my plan was. But again, yeah, if, if the aspect is there, then only it can clean. Otherwise it will just get parked and not sell. That would again be a problem for us. Okay, I will just connect with you outside. Yeah, so I'm, I'm off the next week and then I'll be back to office from 23rd of March. Right. And all right, we'll decide on a date. And I'm also getting back to Canada on the 20, 27th. So that week. So let's see when we can connect. Yeah. All right, we'll talk about that, the invent your inventory questions and also I wanted to have a discussion and I'll email you that oil bit format SKU so that you can create a new code for that. Sure, we'll do that. And yeah, I was just saying that we will also have a conversation about how we currently plan the fulfillment quantities and how frequently we do that. We'll also talk about that in the, in our meeting. Okay. Shall I go to Haba Felicia for now? Yeah. Thank you. Thanks. Bye. Bye. Bye. Awesome. Okay, well that was a good first. What that discussion will look like every week, two weeks. So let me. I think what he's asking there. Show him about the caddies is so barbecue and sea salt. There's a few. He's getting alerts from Amazon saying you need to fulfill, you need to fulfill. But these are going to be discontinued. So does this impact a status or anything with Amazon or create issues, the fact that we're just not fulfilling until it hits zero? No, it doesn't. It just impacts statistics. Yeah, that's his question. Yeah, so that's where we're at with those is we're just not going to fulfill those until they hit zero. And so officially the barbecue and sea salt lentils are like cut. Yeah. On the 40 gram. Okay. Okay, so for next steps here, did you want to pull up your dashboard show home? Were you able to. Is it up to date or where it is? Okay, perfect. Up to date and complete. And I think you will like it this time. So. Okay, let me share and then Just to recap for Suzy to catch up. So where we were on the dashboard last time, Suzy, when we talked, a few things that Show Home was working on was adding like tabbing in the US we were missing the chickpea variety item there. Show Home on the current. And then the biggest things, we were going to add a roas line or help me with my mathematical skills on the tacos because I just see roas. That's what I understand. And then the biggest thing to discuss a little bit more too is forecasting out further than the initial three months. And maybe you need another week or two within your optimizing of our business to do that, but we do need to look further out if we're going to ramp up this quickly. I just want to make sure it's communicated properly to production. Yeah. Right. Okay, so how about I share my screen so that you can see the dashboards. One second. Okay. Can you see my screen now? Yeah. Okay. So what I have done here is, you see, last time there were so many rows with so many, so much data and I think that was confusing. So I have hidden those roles that we don't need and only focused on the major KPIs. So such as at the account level, how many units we are selling, how much our revenue is and then some of the key metrics when it comes to advertising. Now you also wanted to be able to measure our, whatever current roas is, dollar terms. Is this fine, by the way? Dollar or. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, because this is our conversation a bit last week too, Susie. Like what was this? Healthy tacos? What was a healthy roas to manage against so that you're bringing in new users. But like, whatever. And so we just. You had mentioned on this item it was 10 show homes. So now we're able to trend and see, okay, are we within a healthy range of our target and or are we going off track? So this definitely does it for me. Makes more sense to me in a dollar format. Yeah. Yeah. Well, so this is for the month of March and then these are our targets for the next three months. So this is at the account level. I think this is all you need. We need to take a look at the account level. Then at the product level, you also wanted to be able to compare the actuals versus forecasted units, right? Yes. So when, when you click on this plus button here, you will be able to see that data for every product. And I think this should be convenient because you can see them, I mean together at one place. Okay. And here I see You've gone six months out now on your forecast. And I will say this data is not going to be very reliable. We'll have to review them from time to time. But I think it will be more or less, who knows, accurate for the variety pack for maybe also Camelina. But we'll have to see how other products do as we advertise them, as we change our strategy. And we'll have to adjust, keep on adjusting the forecast. Okay. And you can see the same thing for all of the products. I have added them at the same data for all of the products. And also chickpeas. I have added that at the end here. Okay, great. And also I've done the same thing for the US. Give it one second load. Yep. All right. Here also I have added the account level targets and the actuals and then the same thing. I mean, if you click on this button, then you will get to see the focus versus actuals data. Okay. I need to spend some time in this dashboard a little bit. Can you make sure you send us the us link I have sent you? Both of them. Send it. Okay. Okay. And who do I need to keep in that email every two weeks when I send the bio reports? Three of us. Okay. Yeah. Or you can keep Annaba in it too. It's fine. So it's just good. The team. The whole team. Yeah, sure. Okay. All right, this is it. About the dashboard. And so did you. And then the other thing that we talked about last week. So does anybody have any questions or Susie even on the dashboard, I just want to take it away and spend some time in it and just look at it versus doing it on the call today. But yep, we should, yeah, we should chat about it together. But the idea is that it really is, you know, our most important predictive tool. I, you know, this is a few years ago, but when we launched With Love Get Fast, I had Shopify app and Amazon app on my phone and I was the one sending the emails. I knew when the promotions were like, knowing what is happening in your business is critical. Like literally I would come to work and I would know. Like my ops, I had three people in ops and I knew more than them what was happening because I like, I was close to the orders. So we, this tool just kind of helps us be a bit predictive. And you know, just two more seconds. Like we went to the expo, we had hypotheses like Soham on like what, you know, what are some trends and what we should do because we're going to relaunch the whole business. But that's kind of our job. Like what we need to do when we're kind of at the top here is kind of like soak everything up. So these scorecards allow us to connect dots and soak up like you can trust. If we have the right information, we usually will see an emerging issue, an emerging trend. We'll connect a dot you may or may not know. We're doing a huge relaunch. It's going to be way bigger than just a little logo change. We're adding avocado oil, we're adding flavors, we're adding four mix cubes. We're going to blow up the brand in a fantastic way. But so it's even more important. Like as you know, CEOs, senior managers, you don't have as much time to kind of check everything. And I'm seeing it just there might be two little hot chocolate skus. So we really rely on our partners that give us scorecards. We will catch an emerging something. Our job is to connect dots and to see, see something there and to say, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Especially these guys because they have the factory. Right. So even more so. So this tool we might ask you for in a few edits and it's really, you know, in my experience, all the dots connect. I'm in a shitstorm of issues right now as I'm doing ops. But it's always the same thing, right? Like you're beginning of the call or we had a director. So Amazon was 800 per month between Canada and the U.S. we had a full time marketing director we hired from PG and all he did the first four months is hand hold. He wasn't even doing strategy. He did the scorecard and doing handheld ops because it was issues with Amazon ops like every single week. He was like 40 hours a week managing stuff. So we just need kind of like we know there's going to be time with that but now that we're doing transition and we're going to change no. 18 SKUs, now's the time to get organized and get the right tools in place so that it's, you know, 1/10 of the time then if we're not, you know, all over this. So be patient. If we have a little bit of edits now, it's all going to pay out as we bring in, you know, 18 new SKUs or 10 or whatever we're doing. Not, not as many. But there's lots of change coming through the summer. Yeah. And that's why, yeah. We want to get really grounded and even like I've made like my to do here is really to hash on this forecasting because like how I said we e Commerce. We have forecasted by historicals. It is not. We have never like, like even Britney when we put it in the budget we say hey, let's just estimate it like a 10% lift this year and we make our assumption. So it's been very soft lift and we, we forecast it through historical. So now I need to go change that with my team in saying no Show Home like this is what we're doing. The strategy has changed. We're spending four times more dollars on this item. So we were going to push up. We're going to work. We're going to get better at the forecasting and demand planning for Amazon. Can you show me I want to do the same thing you just said with this scorecard. Can you share with me the forecast tool, the Snop one, the one you hand over to Ops. So you're going to take stuff from Soham and and translate it, right? So yeah, that one I don't really want to show you. That's a huge model all sales forecast. So basically we're going to use show homes dashboard and forecast to go plug into our budget model. Our for which is. Okay, but show me again show just two minutes because I thought it was literally literal comments and yellow stick. It's like that's, that's death. That's not your national peak. Okay. This challenge that show Holmes communicated. Susie, is that dashboard how he can't just add line items wherever he wants. Yeah, I know. So he's opened up. Oh, show me opened it up. Yeah. Sorry I missed that. Sorry. Yeah, I know it's like a sacred. Okay, so your forecast is. But is that by SKU that row 154 or is that by Rolf 155. Right. Okay. And that's by SKU. Yes, yes. So it's just for this data, for this product. So what are you gonna do and apologize. Alicia, just practically speaking, you're going to take the pink and what do you flip it on your snop forecast? Like what do you think? It's pretty manual to plug in. But what I'm probably going to do when I have this dashboard show or when I have this dashboard, Susie and I see how show home has done this. I'm probably going to talk to my controller right About a way that. Is there a way that you can take this and pull these into like one place that I'M seeing. Just. We just want to see. And this is. This is just the two things I wanted from show Ham for my I want to see forecast. Again, actuals. I just want those two line items together. Yeah. I want to see what we said we're going to do and what we actually. And I'll just share with you what we did at L Get fast because we grew for 47 million year two, right? Like, it was insane. So we had. It was really simple. We had a sales forecast like B in Excel, and it had all the accounts unified, blah, blah, blah, and not econ. Then we had an Ecom Excel similar to your pink. Right. Like Actuals by sku, but just really simple on rows. Not all the. Like the forecast. We call them the flat files. So we had two flat files, rows with months, for both retail and econ. So we have. So, Susie, I can show you outside. Okay. Okay. All of our. It's a tab. It's a huge model. And I can pivot to see only E commerce only distributors only US only Canada only, ingredient only, bulk only. All of that. And every channel is by SKU that's active. And then as long as it works, as long as you can put in promos, like, hey, in April, I'm going to do a promo. What does that mean for does my forecast boost? Does my numbers boost? So it's just a really huge. It's all. Yeah, if I get. If I get to your size, I'll steal your model. But essentially, RS no P was programmed by these two, like, just side to 2 seconds, 10 seconds. These two, like, ops, uber Excel nerds. Like, they were both, like, freaking PhD. And because we didn't have ECRM, so the two of them. Oh, my God, they were Indian gentlemen. One is still working at lovegood fast. Oh, my God. Like the beast. The Excel file was so big, we couldn't email it anymore. Like, we couldn't even. You met Lisa. You met her cfo, Susie. No, she built it. She's. She's a modeling expert. Okay. Okay. Okay. She's literally like a unicorn of a cfo. Okay. Is this like a thing? She's English. Okay. She's English. Okay. All right, good. We're all on the same page. We're on the same page. So as long. Yeah. So, Sohan, what Alicia said is critical. The pink, which is forecast and actuals. And then there's usually rules, right? Like, you can't go and change the forecast without telling us because then we don't realize it. Right? So it doesn't matter that we're 400 wrong on the forecast, but if you change it at the, the day before the meeting and we don't realize we're 400 off, blah blah, blah. Like, like take a step. That's a good cadence to know to show him because ideally, like we do reforecast every quarter. Okay. So we don't do month. Yeah, we don't month over month, but we do, we do every quarter. And that's our opportunity to say, okay, now we know more than we did when we budgeted. What does that start to look like? That we can roll up our reforecast, our latest estimates and all that. So ideally when we align on this, this forecast is not to be changing too much until like the next quarter. But if it does, we can go and update in real time for production planning. So we yeah. Need every bi weekly. If for some reason there's some big change, which hopefully there isn't, it needs to be communicated. Yeah, sure. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So was there anything else in this model Susie wanted? Like I just want to open the links and just look at them for next week. I might have a few more questions and feedback show home. But I just want to spend some time in them right now just so that I get really good at reading it. Sure. Yeah. Okay. So jumping into just the aces and items too, one of the bigger things that has come to light is this buy box issue on the three variety packs. And so can you just tell me. So you went to that link that shows you're seeing prices are better somewhere else, but it doesn't tell you where those prices are. Okay, so can you just bring up your, your number recommendations there show home. Because you're saying the fava variety pack, that was like a dollar difference. I'm fine to drop the price to get the buyback, but the dollar difference but the chickpea to have to drop 50% to $9. Like that's weird. I have no idea. Okay, first of all, I'm not recommending that we drop the price. I am telling you that those are the competitive prices that Amazon has given us. So we need to solve it. There are. And in my last email I think I also mentioned what I am actually recommending. I'm recommending that we look for where else those products are listed exactly at those prices. And if we can increase the prices or fix those prices there, then let's do that. That will fix the issue on Amazon. And let's say we find out that oh, it's actually listed Somewhere at that price. But it's a different pack size. Amazon is mistaken. Then we can go back to Amazon and appeal that this is a mistake. Please review. This is what I'm recommending. So is it possible that it's seeing that price? I feel like we've had this conversation before, but is it possible that it's seeing it on London Drugs? I still think that London Drug is our problem. And seeing like the 349 that they usually have it on sale for. And it's. It's just like the bot that's saying this is obviously much cheaper. Even though it's a single unit. Yeah. Oh, oh, the single unit. Oh, it's never going to be a five pack or a three pack anywhere else because. Well, CA will put us on sale a lot too. But again, single units. Yeah. The only outlet that's selling an actual variety pack is, is Amazon. This, this iteration or whatever you call it format is not sold anywhere else. That's what's weird about it. Like even three bucks a day, because you're saying nine bucks gets you back to buy box. Like even three bucks a bag. There's nowhere that I know that's selling it for three bucks a bag. So I don't even know how to diagnose that. Like where they're seeing that. Well, I think that we can at least try to search for the product manually. I don't know if someone is reselling it somewhere. Maybe you're not directly selling it to them. Maybe someone is reselling it somewhere at that price. That may happen. That's a possibility. Because on modern drugs, it's 3.99 right now. Wild FCA is full price. The only other place that we have like the full variety pack is A2. They sell two variety packs of the snacks to go on Costco. Ca, that's the only other place. But again, not the same format. All right, so on that specific item, show home, do we have to do what you had mentioned in putting a ticket through? Like, what do you need to put that ticket, put that case through and saying like this is not offered anywhere else. Like, what do you need to. Oh, well, no, that I don't think. Well, we can definitely request a review, but I think the appeal will be more concrete if we could. If we could show something, for example, let's say it's a wrong pack size that is listed somewhere else at 9$. And Amazon has done a mistake by picking that up, picking that data. We could have shown it to them that. Look, I think this is what you are referring to and this is wrong. This is a different pack size. That's when they consider our appeal more seriously. Otherwise they will just say there are internal policies. We cannot reveal the data and all those stuff. So that's my point and I think that we can should be able to find it somewhere. In most cases there is something that we can find out. Whenever they mention specific price I mean they're specific to the decimals. Right. So there's something going on somewhere. Okay. And so could it be this London drug like you're saying an example of if Britney can bundle up a look and saying this is what the price is at London Drugs. Is this what you're seeing? It's not the same item. That's what you're saying you need. Yeah. If it is at long term drug let's say yeah something but the prices will be exactly the same. They are not. They have somehow found. They have found those prices somewhere. It's not calculator. It's not assumption. Of course not. And it's where they look only on the online world or in the retail space. Grocery stores like at store. Well so far in my experience only online. That's where they pick it up from. I have never seen them pick up any data offline from offline stores. Okay we can look but I actually like I would know off the top of my head any customer that's selling that cheap. The only. That's the weird thing. The only other thing is like well catch will sometimes list share my screen. They'll list like the 40 grams almost like on their own as like right. So it comes up as 199. So is it seeing that and obviously that's like we're saying is wrong but that's it. Like unless it's picking these up everywhere else is more expensive. Well ca. And again all the drugs. Yeah. Well in the meantime show home you can go ahead and and do the price on the fathers because that was to bring back that buy box. Because that was just a small dip. I'm fine to do that and hopefully we get it back and maybe can move it back to what it was. But just do that and we'll dig here over the next week and see if there's something we can find. But I can't. We can't drop it 50. We might as well del like that'll be like total negative like. Yeah okay. Okay. What were some other things to show home for this call today? I covered some inventory stuff. I think one more thing we need to discuss is what's next. So we need to. One more variety pack is going to be launched and then we also need to work on Camelin Oil, the listing page content. We need some video ad asset for snack to grow variety pack. Okay. So we have to. Oh, yes, you were going to come with recommendation of which which sku you want to go after next to better the page? Basically. Yeah, 500 mil two pack. Yeah, sure. Because that's already selling and I think it is going to take almost seven months to sell the stuff. That's one of the times. Yeah, sure, let's do that. Okay. And so for that will you come? You will come. You'll send a recommendation of image improvement search terms like you'll do basically for this page the same you did for snacks ago. That's right. Okay. And will you be ready to bring that next week? No, it takes more time. Okay, when will we see that? Two weeks? Well, ideally two weeks. Could you give me three weeks this time? Because I'll be traveling back so I may not be. Okay. Yeah, well, you just let us know. So let's go at the Camelin Oil 2 pack next. We also simultaneously need to start setting up the new variety pack. So if you could just send me a list of what you need for like to start on that. I guess you just want to see it like images and stuff right now and then just let us know how to get started, then we can start on that. And then I'm assuming. Go ahead. Oh, you should have the images that we just did for the main snacks to go. They cut out. Can you hear me? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I'm assuming you want just obviously a new iteration of the photos you asked for for the current snacks to go for the new ones. Correct. Because what I can do is flip that to our new designer. That would be a good project, I think actually, Alicia. Hey. For Lindsay is like the newer ones. It could be similar, but I don't think it will be exactly the same. Right. Yeah. Okay. Will you just send me what you what you'd like to see and then I can facilitate that. And then my other question was, while we're kind of rejigging some of these even just in the comments and I'm getting like phone calls daily from people who are finding us. And that was made in Canada, Facebook groups, like, we're just having a ton more interest, obviously. Is this a good time to maybe rejig some of the titles on Amazon as well? Like even the Camelina Oil? If we're you know, restocking the 5 liter, there's not nowhere really in there because before that it wasn't a selling point too much about Made in Canada. Like would we add that there? So you want. You're suggesting that we add Made in Canada in the title so that it's more. That's my question. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, we can surely do that. And I think even more effective will be to add a small little icon meaning Canada icon on the product image. So yeah, that new mode, like it's easy to see. Okay. I just feel like we're seeing a ton, like a ton more comments because it's people who are looking to swap everything in their kitchen and it's. The oil is definitely something that people are more I think interested in because it's harder to find a Canadian made oil that isn't the seed oil yet. Okay, so that'll be part of your sort of your audit that you're doing on the page. Right. Show home and the search terms and stuff and you bring all those recommendations to us. I'll do the exact same process starting from the research that I did to analyzing the computer products. All of those stuff that I did for these two products. Yes, correct. Yeah. And I'll send you a proposal on those. Along with that. Along with that, I think there was one more thing. Right. Video ad. We also need to talk about that. How do you want to the video ads for snack to go Variety pack. Okay. Yeah, we just need to know what you want. What's your recommendation for video ads? Sure, I'll send you some examples. And they are going to be from Pure protein. I like the videos that they have used on their store for motion graphic videos. Probably just 15 seconds communicates the message very effectively. I love them. So I'll send you some examples of those. And we basically have to talk about the talking points that we have on the notion the key messages. That's what we have to highlight on the videos. Okay. Yeah. If you can send us an example of those video ads or I can look on Amazon what they're looking about too. And then yes, we'll discuss, we'll decide what we say, how we say it and what the visuals are. We'll get Susie's input on that too. Yep, that's super important. But are we able to kind of analyze a little bit what's working Soham? Like are we able to kind of look at like are you able to help us make the best decisions? Can you share with us a little bit like what's Doing well. What's doing well and why you think? And then we agree to like, hey, let's make these three things. Like, that's how I would do it in the past. We would meet every week and then our expert would just kind of analyze the numbers, you know, based on this. Like, look, you know, this is the performance on these ads. What if we did blah, blah, blah. And then the brand people would be like, oh, yeah. And by the way, we also learned that blah, blah. And then we would agree, okay, let's do two ads. One with a big yellow flash, one, you know, one on oil with a big Canadian flag. Blah, blah, blah. Like a bit of a team back and forth. Like, you share what you learn and we share what we know, and then we come up with a plan together in our weekly meetings. In terms. Sure. In terms of these analysts, are you referring to just ad data? Is that what you're referring to, Suzy? Or is it more than that? Whatever. Collectively we look at to gather information on what an ad is doing. I think your sphere of control. Yes. It's like, like what's in your sphere of control, like the ad data, I guess. Yes, yes. Okay. Yeah, yeah. When you send us a few video ad examples, like, yeah. Commentary to suggest, you know, how are they doing and why are they doing well? Like, what is it about these that's contributing in a greater way, I guess, to their portfolio? Okay, the videos. Sure. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So those three things basically next steps on just optimization are. So we're gonna. You're gonna let us know how to start setting up this notoriety pack. So what we're looking for for images and then. And then Annabelle probably have a lot of questions for you and setting up on the back end. So we're lying there for that way you're going to work on the same process you went through for snacks to go and come with your recommendations, search terms, image requests, all of that for Catalina Oil 500 mil, two pack. And you're going to send us some examples, video ads that are doing well and why they're doing well so that we can look at creating our own specifically starting there. I believe that song from my side. Awesome. I'm just going to look back at last week too, in case there was something else that would be talked about that wasn't. Is the snacks to go fulfilled showing fulfilled in the US Now. Is it there yet? Okay, I'll talk to Animal about that too. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. All right. Nice seeing you. And I starting to hear about things. When are you traveling back. It's on 27th. On the 27th. Okay. Okay. All right. Thank you, everybody. So Brittany's gonna send a new media cadence for this. She'll go on the cadence so I don't make any administrative mistakes. Make sure the right people are on the meeting. So it's 9aM Your time, Alicia. Yeah. Does that work for everybody? Just to start this meeting to stick at this time on Thursday. Okay, perfect. Thanks.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: So that is like for example in Canada right now, barbecue lentils, we are out of stock, we can't fulfill. And Amazon is recommending to send more stocks for barbecue lentils and even for sea salt lentils caddies. So like when I was planning Amazon Canada for next week's dispatch to be our out of stock for those in house. But Amazon has a big consumption trend right. For all the caddies in general. So they are asking to ramp up more stock but we can't as of now.

Speaker B: So that's on the barbecue lentil only

Speaker A: though because we have stock barbecue and sea salt.

Speaker B: Okay. So barbecue and sea salt lentils. So basically you're saying we are out of stock on Amazon, we can't fulfill.

Speaker A: So this is, we are not out of stock, we are low on stock

Speaker B: on Amazon.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. And so what's, what's the issue?

Speaker A: No, so Amazon always gives me a recommendation so like each week they will give us that, hey, we are currently running low on stock. So by the time we decide to make a switch to the new packaging or the new format instead of moving from a regular caddy, they'll keep giving us alert. So that is the only thing that is happening right now. I'm not sure if it affects our ranking or any.

Speaker B: Does that affect ranking? Because basically what we're trying to do is just those two we're not fulfilling, they're discontinued. So how do we just run to zero. Without.

Speaker A: It's a wait and watch game for us. Ideally it's just a.

Speaker B: Well, you know what Amazon or you know what Anabap, I'm going to take this conversation with you offline because I just need to be clear on what, what's happening and then I'll communicate back to show home what the questions are here in terms of the caddies.

Speaker A: And, and just a final comment from my side. Like for this week's shipment that we sent to Amazon, I, I, I have, I have some of the stocks which I had to refill based on the existing caddies format. Right. Like we still have excess stock of some of the SKUs. So I just plan to replenish them. For example, this I sent, I'm sending 120 units and then sea salt and lime chickpeas, I'm sending another 80 units.

Speaker B: So that's to our discussion. We had last week show home where I know we turned off the spend on these caddies because that's not where we want to be spending our budget. Or we had that small bucket of $500 for the other. So this will be part of our discussion today too and saying I have to move this inventory. It's the only outlet for these items. So if we have to put some dollars there just to, just to move these, we might just have to do that over the next, you know, four months or something.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: So yes, keep. If we have inventory here and above on those two skills to fulfill. Fulfill.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, that is what I did. Yeah, that is exactly what my plan was. But again, yeah, if, if the aspect is there, then only it can clean. Otherwise it will just get parked and not sell. That would again be a problem for us.

Speaker C: Okay,

Speaker A: I will just connect with you outside. Yeah, so I'm, I'm off the next week and then I'll be back to office from 23rd of March.

Speaker C: Right. And all right, we'll decide on a date. And I'm also getting back to Canada on the 20, 27th. So that week. So let's see when we can connect. Yeah. All right, we'll talk about that, the invent your inventory questions and also I wanted to have a discussion and I'll

Speaker A: email you that oil bit format SKU so that you can create a new code for that.

Speaker C: Sure, we'll do that. And yeah, I was just saying that we will also have a conversation about how we currently plan the fulfillment quantities and how frequently we do that. We'll also talk about that in the, in our meeting.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Shall I go to Haba Felicia for now?

Speaker B: Yeah. Thank you.

Speaker A: Thanks. Bye. Bye.

Speaker C: Bye. Awesome.

Speaker B: Okay, well that was a good first. What that discussion will look like every week, two weeks. So let me. I think what he's asking there. Show him about the caddies is so barbecue and sea salt. There's a few. He's getting alerts from Amazon saying you need to fulfill, you need to fulfill. But these are going to be discontinued. So does this impact a status or anything with Amazon or create issues, the fact that we're just not fulfilling until it hits zero?

Speaker C: No, it doesn't. It just impacts statistics.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's his question. Yeah, so that's where we're at with those is we're just not going to fulfill those until they hit zero. And so officially the barbecue and sea salt lentils are like cut. Yeah. On the 40 gram. Okay. Okay, so for next steps here, did you want to pull up your dashboard show home? Were you able to. Is it up to date or where it is? Okay, perfect.

Speaker C: Up to date and complete. And I think you will like it this time. So.

Speaker B: Okay, let me share and then Just to recap for Suzy to catch up. So where we were on the dashboard last time, Suzy, when we talked, a few things that Show Home was working on was adding like tabbing in the US we were missing the chickpea variety item there. Show Home on the current. And then the biggest things, we were going to add a roas line or help me with my mathematical skills on the tacos because I just see roas. That's what I understand. And then the biggest thing to discuss a little bit more too is forecasting out further than the initial three months. And maybe you need another week or two within your optimizing of our business to do that, but we do need to look further out if we're going to ramp up this quickly. I just want to make sure it's communicated properly to production. Yeah.

Speaker C: Right. Okay, so how about I share my screen so that you can see the dashboards. One second. Okay. Can you see my screen now?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. So what I have done here is, you see, last time there were so many rows with so many, so much data and I think that was confusing. So I have hidden those roles that we don't need and only focused on the major KPIs. So such as at the account level, how many units we are selling, how much our revenue is and then some of the key metrics when it comes to advertising. Now you also wanted to be able to measure our, whatever current roas is, dollar terms. Is this fine, by the way? Dollar or.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, because this is our conversation a bit last week too, Susie. Like what was this? Healthy tacos? What was a healthy roas to manage against so that you're bringing in new users. But like, whatever. And so we just. You had mentioned on this item it was 10 show homes. So now we're able to trend and see, okay, are we within a healthy range of our target and or are we going off track? So this definitely does it for me. Makes more sense to me in a dollar format. Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah. Well, so this is for the month of March and then these are our targets for the next three months. So this is at the account level. I think this is all you need. We need to take a look at the account level. Then at the product level, you also wanted to be able to compare the actuals versus forecasted units, right? Yes. So when, when you click on this plus button here, you will be able to see that data for every product. And I think this should be convenient because you can see them, I mean together at one place.

Speaker B: Okay. And here I see You've gone six months out now on your forecast.

Speaker C: And I will say this data is not going to be very reliable. We'll have to review them from time to time. But I think it will be more or less, who knows, accurate for the variety pack for maybe also Camelina. But we'll have to see how other products do as we advertise them, as we change our strategy. And we'll have to adjust, keep on adjusting the forecast.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker C: And you can see the same thing for all of the products. I have added them at the same data for all of the products. And also chickpeas. I have added that at the end here.

Speaker B: Okay, great.

Speaker C: And also I've done the same thing for the US. Give it one second load. Yep. All right. Here also I have added the account level targets and the actuals and then the same thing. I mean, if you click on this button, then you will get to see the focus versus actuals data. Okay.

Speaker B: I need to spend some time in

Speaker D: this dashboard a little bit.

Speaker B: Can you make sure you send us the us link I have sent you?

Speaker C: Both of them.

Speaker B: Send it. Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. And who do I need to keep in that email every two weeks when I send the bio reports?

Speaker B: Three of us.

Speaker C: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker B: Or you can keep Annaba in it too. It's fine. So it's just good. The team. The whole team.

Speaker D: Yeah, sure.

Speaker C: Okay. All right, this is it. About the dashboard.

Speaker B: And so did you. And then the other thing that we talked about last week. So does anybody have any questions or Susie even on the dashboard, I just want to take it away and spend some time in it and just look at it versus doing it on the call today.

Speaker E: But yep, we should, yeah, we should chat about it together. But the idea is that it really is, you know, our most important predictive tool. I, you know, this is a few years ago, but when we launched With Love Get Fast, I had Shopify app and Amazon app on my phone and I was the one sending the emails. I knew when the promotions were like, knowing what is happening in your business is critical. Like literally I would come to work and I would know. Like my ops, I had three people in ops and I knew more than them what was happening because I like, I was close to the orders. So we, this tool just kind of helps us be a bit predictive. And you know, just two more seconds. Like we went to the expo, we had hypotheses like Soham on like what, you know, what are some trends and what we should do because we're going to relaunch the whole business. But that's kind of our job. Like what we need to do when we're kind of at the top here is kind of like soak everything up. So these scorecards allow us to connect dots and soak up like you can trust. If we have the right information, we usually will see an emerging issue, an emerging trend. We'll connect a dot you may or may not know. We're doing a huge relaunch. It's going to be way bigger than just a little logo change. We're adding avocado oil, we're adding flavors, we're adding four mix cubes. We're going to blow up the brand in a fantastic way. But so it's even more important. Like as you know, CEOs, senior managers, you don't have as much time to kind of check everything. And I'm seeing it just there might be two little hot chocolate skus. So we really rely on our partners that give us scorecards. We will catch an emerging something. Our job is to connect dots and to see, see something there and to say, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Especially these guys because they have the factory. Right. So even more so. So this tool we might ask you for in a few edits and it's really, you know, in my experience, all the dots connect. I'm in a shitstorm of issues right now as I'm doing ops. But it's always the same thing, right? Like you're beginning of the call or we had a director. So Amazon was 800 per month between Canada and the U.S. we had a full time marketing director we hired from PG and all he did the first four months is hand hold. He wasn't even doing strategy. He did the scorecard and doing handheld ops because it was issues with Amazon ops like every single week. He was like 40 hours a week managing stuff. So we just need kind of like we know there's going to be time with that but now that we're doing transition and we're going to change no. 18 SKUs, now's the time to get organized and get the right tools in place so that it's, you know, 1/10 of the time then if we're not, you know, all over this. So be patient. If we have a little bit of edits now, it's all going to pay out as we bring in, you know, 18 new SKUs or 10 or whatever we're doing. Not, not as many. But there's lots of change coming through the summer.

Speaker B: Yeah. And that's why, yeah. We want to get really grounded and even like I've made like my to do here is really to hash on this forecasting because like how I said we e Commerce. We have forecasted by historicals. It is not. We have never like, like even Britney when we put it in the budget we say hey, let's just estimate it like a 10% lift this year and we make our assumption. So it's been very soft lift and we, we forecast it through historical. So now I need to go change that with my team in saying no Show Home like this is what we're doing. The strategy has changed. We're spending four times more dollars on this item. So we were going to push up. We're going to work. We're going to get better at the forecasting and demand planning for Amazon.

Speaker E: Can you show me I want to do the same thing you just said with this scorecard. Can you share with me the forecast tool, the Snop one, the one you hand over to Ops. So you're going to take stuff from Soham and and translate it, right?

Speaker B: So yeah, that one I don't really want to show you. That's a huge model all sales forecast. So basically we're going to use show homes dashboard and forecast to go plug into our budget model. Our for which is.

Speaker E: Okay, but show me again show just two minutes because I thought it was literally literal comments and yellow stick. It's like that's, that's death. That's not your national peak.

Speaker B: Okay. This challenge that show Holmes communicated. Susie, is that dashboard how he can't just add line items wherever he wants.

Speaker E: Yeah, I know.

Speaker B: So he's opened up. Oh, show me opened it up. Yeah.

Speaker E: Sorry I missed that. Sorry. Yeah, I know it's like a sacred. Okay, so your forecast is. But is that by SKU that row 154 or is that by Rolf 155. Right.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker E: And that's by SKU.

Speaker C: Yes, yes. So it's just for this data, for this product.

Speaker E: So what are you gonna do and apologize. Alicia, just practically speaking, you're going to take the pink and what do you flip it on your snop forecast? Like what do you think?

Speaker B: It's pretty manual to plug in. But what I'm probably going to do when I have this dashboard show or when I have this dashboard, Susie and I see how show home has done this. I'm probably going to talk to my controller right About a way that. Is there a way that you can take this and pull these into like one place that I'M seeing. Just. We just want to see. And this is. This is just the two things I wanted from show Ham for my I want to see forecast. Again, actuals. I just want those two line items together.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: I want to see what we said we're going to do and what we actually.

Speaker E: And I'll just share with you what we did at L Get fast because we grew for 47 million year two, right? Like, it was insane. So we had. It was really simple. We had a sales forecast like B in Excel, and it had all the accounts unified, blah, blah, blah, and not econ. Then we had an Ecom Excel similar to your pink.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker E: Like Actuals by sku, but just really simple on rows. Not all the. Like the forecast. We call them the flat files. So we had two flat files, rows with months, for both retail and econ.

Speaker B: So we have. So, Susie, I can show you outside. Okay. Okay.

Speaker E: All of our.

Speaker B: It's a tab. It's a huge model. And I can pivot to see only E commerce only distributors only US only Canada only, ingredient only, bulk only. All of that. And every channel is by SKU that's active.

Speaker E: And then as long as it works,

Speaker B: as long as you can put in promos, like, hey, in April, I'm going to do a promo. What does that mean for does my forecast boost? Does my numbers boost? So it's just a really huge. It's all. Yeah, if I get.

Speaker E: If I get to your size, I'll steal your model. But essentially, RS no P was programmed by these two, like, just side to 2 seconds, 10 seconds. These two, like, ops, uber Excel nerds. Like, they were both, like, freaking PhD. And because we didn't have ECRM, so the two of them. Oh, my God, they were Indian gentlemen. One is still working at lovegood fast.

Speaker B: Oh, my God.

Speaker E: Like the beast. The Excel file was so big, we couldn't email it anymore.

Speaker B: Like, we couldn't even. You met Lisa. You met her cfo, Susie. No, she built it. She's. She's a modeling expert. Okay. Okay.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker B: She's literally like a unicorn of a cfo. Okay.

Speaker E: Is this like a thing?

Speaker B: She's English.

Speaker E: Okay. She's English.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker E: All right, good. We're all on the same page. We're on the same page. So as long.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker E: So, Sohan, what Alicia said is critical. The pink, which is forecast and actuals. And then there's usually rules, right? Like, you can't go and change the forecast without telling us because then we don't realize it. Right? So it doesn't matter that we're 400 wrong on the forecast, but if you change it at the, the day before the meeting and we don't realize we're 400 off, blah blah, blah. Like, like take a step.

Speaker B: That's a good cadence to know to show him because ideally, like we do reforecast every quarter.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: So we don't do month. Yeah, we don't month over month, but we do, we do every quarter. And that's our opportunity to say, okay, now we know more than we did when we budgeted. What does that start to look like? That we can roll up our reforecast, our latest estimates and all that. So ideally when we align on this, this forecast is not to be changing too much until like the next quarter. But if it does, we can go and update in real time for production planning. So we yeah. Need every bi weekly. If for some reason there's some big change, which hopefully there isn't, it needs to be communicated.

Speaker C: Yeah, sure. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Yeah. So was there anything else in this model Susie wanted? Like I just want to open the links and just look at them for next week. I might have a few more questions and feedback show home. But I just want to spend some time in them right now just so that I get really good at reading it.

Speaker C: Sure. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So jumping into just the aces and items too, one of the bigger things that has come to light is this buy box issue on the three variety packs. And so can you just tell me. So you went to that link that shows you're seeing prices are better somewhere else, but it doesn't tell you where those prices are. Okay, so can you just bring up your, your number recommendations there show home. Because you're saying the fava variety pack, that was like a dollar difference. I'm fine to drop the price to get the buyback, but the dollar difference but the chickpea to have to drop 50% to $9. Like that's weird. I have no idea.

Speaker C: Okay, first of all, I'm not recommending that we drop the price. I am telling you that those are the competitive prices that Amazon has given us. So we need to solve it. There are. And in my last email I think I also mentioned what I am actually recommending. I'm recommending that we look for where else those products are listed exactly at those prices. And if we can increase the prices or fix those prices there, then let's do that. That will fix the issue on Amazon. And let's say we find out that oh, it's actually listed Somewhere at that price. But it's a different pack size. Amazon is mistaken. Then we can go back to Amazon and appeal that this is a mistake. Please review. This is what I'm recommending.

Speaker D: So is it possible that it's seeing that price? I feel like we've had this conversation before, but is it possible that it's seeing it on London Drugs? I still think that London Drug is our problem. And seeing like the 349 that they usually have it on sale for. And it's. It's just like the bot that's saying this is obviously much cheaper. Even though it's a single unit.

Speaker C: Yeah. Oh, oh, the single unit.

Speaker D: Oh, it's never going to be a five pack or a three pack anywhere else because. Well, CA will put us on sale a lot too. But again, single units.

Speaker B: Yeah. The only outlet that's selling an actual variety pack is, is Amazon. This, this iteration or whatever you call it format is not sold anywhere else. That's what's weird about it. Like even three bucks a day, because you're saying nine bucks gets you back to buy box. Like even three bucks a bag. There's nowhere that I know that's selling it for three bucks a bag. So I don't even know how to diagnose that. Like where they're seeing that.

Speaker C: Well, I think that we can at least try to search for the product manually. I don't know if someone is reselling it somewhere. Maybe you're not directly selling it to them. Maybe someone is reselling it somewhere at that price. That may happen. That's a possibility.

Speaker D: Because on modern drugs, it's 3.99 right now. Wild FCA is full price. The only other place that we have like the full variety pack is A2. They sell two variety packs of the snacks to go on Costco. Ca, that's the only other place. But again, not the same format.

Speaker B: All right, so on that specific item, show home, do we have to do what you had mentioned in putting a ticket through? Like, what do you need to put that ticket, put that case through and saying like this is not offered anywhere else. Like, what do you need to.

Speaker C: Oh, well, no, that I don't think. Well, we can definitely request a review, but I think the appeal will be more concrete if we could. If we could show something, for example, let's say it's a wrong pack size that is listed somewhere else at 9$. And Amazon has done a mistake by picking that up, picking that data. We could have shown it to them that. Look, I think this is what you are referring to and this is wrong. This is a different pack size. That's when they consider our appeal more seriously. Otherwise they will just say there are internal policies. We cannot reveal the data and all those stuff. So that's my point and I think that we can should be able to find it somewhere. In most cases there is something that we can find out. Whenever they mention specific price I mean they're specific to the decimals. Right. So there's something going on somewhere.

Speaker B: Okay. And so could it be this London drug like you're saying an example of if Britney can bundle up a look and saying this is what the price is at London Drugs. Is this what you're seeing? It's not the same item. That's what you're saying you need. Yeah.

Speaker C: If it is at long term drug let's say yeah something but the prices will be exactly the same. They are not. They have somehow found. They have found those prices somewhere. It's not calculator. It's not assumption. Of course not.

Speaker B: And it's where they look only on the online world or in the retail space. Grocery stores like at store.

Speaker C: Well so far in my experience only online. That's where they pick it up from. I have never seen them pick up any data offline from offline stores.

Speaker B: Okay we can look but I actually like I would know off the top of my head any customer that's selling that cheap. The only. That's the weird thing.

Speaker D: The only other thing is like well catch will sometimes list share my screen. They'll list like the 40 grams almost like on their own as like right. So it comes up as 199. So is it seeing that and obviously that's like we're saying is wrong but that's it. Like unless it's picking these up everywhere else is more expensive. Well ca. And again all the drugs.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker B: Well in the meantime show home you can go ahead and and do the price on the fathers because that was to bring back that buy box. Because that was just a small dip. I'm fine to do that and hopefully we get it back and maybe can move it back to what it was. But just do that and we'll dig here over the next week and see if there's something we can find. But I can't. We can't drop it 50. We might as well del like that'll be like total negative like. Yeah okay. Okay. What were some other things to show home for this call today?

Speaker D: I covered some inventory stuff.

Speaker C: I think one more thing we need to discuss is what's next. So we need to. One more variety pack is going to be launched and then we also need to work on Camelin Oil, the listing page content. We need some video ad asset for snack to grow variety pack.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: So we have to.

Speaker B: Oh, yes, you were going to come with recommendation of which which sku you want to go after next to better the page? Basically. Yeah, 500 mil two pack.

Speaker C: Yeah, sure. Because that's already selling and I think it is going to take almost seven months to sell the stuff.

Speaker D: That's one of the times.

Speaker C: Yeah, sure, let's do that.

Speaker B: Okay. And so for that will you come? You will come. You'll send a recommendation of image improvement search terms like you'll do basically for this page the same you did for snacks ago.

Speaker C: That's right.

Speaker B: Okay. And will you be ready to bring that next week?

Speaker C: No, it takes more time.

Speaker B: Okay, when will we see that? Two weeks?

Speaker C: Well, ideally two weeks. Could you give me three weeks this time? Because I'll be traveling back so I may not be.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, well, you just let us know. So let's go at the Camelin Oil 2 pack next. We also simultaneously need to start setting up the new variety pack. So if you could just send me a list of what you need for like to start on that. I guess you just want to see it like images and stuff right now and then just let us know how to get started, then we can start on that. And then I'm assuming.

Speaker C: Go ahead.

Speaker D: Oh, you should have the images that we just did for the main snacks to go. They cut out. Can you hear me?

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: So I'm assuming you want just obviously a new iteration of the photos you asked for for the current snacks to go for the new ones. Correct. Because what I can do is flip that to our new designer. That would be a good project, I think actually, Alicia.

Speaker B: Hey.

Speaker D: For Lindsay is like the newer ones.

Speaker C: It could be similar, but I don't think it will be exactly the same. Right. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Will you just send me what you

Speaker D: what you'd like to see and then I can facilitate that. And then my other question was, while we're kind of rejigging some of these even just in the comments and I'm getting like phone calls daily from people

Speaker B: who are finding us.

Speaker D: And that was made in Canada, Facebook groups, like, we're just having a ton more interest, obviously. Is this a good time to maybe rejig some of the titles on Amazon as well? Like even the Camelina Oil? If we're you know, restocking the 5 liter, there's not nowhere really in there because before that it wasn't a selling point too much about Made in Canada. Like would we add that there?

Speaker C: So you want. You're suggesting that we add Made in Canada in the title so that it's more.

Speaker D: That's my question. Yeah, definitely.

Speaker C: Yeah, we can surely do that. And I think even more effective will be to add a small little icon meaning Canada icon on the product image. So yeah, that new mode, like it's easy to see.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: I just feel like we're seeing a

Speaker D: ton, like a ton more comments because it's people who are looking to swap everything in their kitchen and it's. The oil is definitely something that people are more I think interested in because it's harder to find a Canadian made oil that isn't the seed oil yet.

Speaker C: Okay,

Speaker B: so that'll be part of your sort of your audit that you're doing on the page. Right. Show home and the search terms and stuff and you bring all those recommendations to us.

Speaker C: I'll do the exact same process starting from the research that I did to analyzing the computer products. All of those stuff that I did for these two products. Yes, correct. Yeah. And I'll send you a proposal on those. Along with that. Along with that, I think there was one more thing. Right. Video ad. We also need to talk about that. How do you want to the video ads for snack to go Variety pack.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, we just need to know what you want. What's your recommendation for video ads?

Speaker C: Sure, I'll send you some examples. And they are going to be from Pure protein. I like the videos that they have used on their store for motion graphic videos. Probably just 15 seconds communicates the message very effectively. I love them. So I'll send you some examples of those. And we basically have to talk about the talking points that we have on the notion the key messages. That's what we have to highlight on the videos.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. If you can send us an example of those video ads or I can look on Amazon what they're looking about too. And then yes, we'll discuss, we'll decide what we say, how we say it and what the visuals are. We'll get Susie's input on that too.

Speaker E: Yep, that's super important. But are we able to kind of analyze a little bit what's working Soham? Like are we able to kind of look at like are you able to help us make the best decisions? Can you share with us a little bit like what's Doing well. What's doing well and why you think? And then we agree to like, hey, let's make these three things. Like, that's how I would do it in the past. We would meet every week and then our expert would just kind of analyze the numbers, you know, based on this. Like, look, you know, this is the performance on these ads. What if we did blah, blah, blah. And then the brand people would be like, oh, yeah. And by the way, we also learned that blah, blah. And then we would agree, okay, let's do two ads. One with a big yellow flash, one, you know, one on oil with a big Canadian flag. Blah, blah, blah. Like a bit of a team back and forth. Like, you share what you learn and we share what we know, and then we come up with a plan together in our weekly meetings.

Speaker C: In terms. Sure. In terms of these analysts, are you referring to just ad data? Is that what you're referring to, Suzy? Or is it more than that?

Speaker E: Whatever. Collectively we look at to gather information on what an ad is doing. I think your sphere of control. Yes. It's like, like what's in your sphere of control, like the ad data, I guess.

Speaker C: Yes, yes. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. When you send us a few video ad examples, like, yeah. Commentary to suggest, you know, how are they doing and why are they doing well? Like, what is it about these that's contributing in a greater way, I guess, to their portfolio?

Speaker C: Okay, the videos. Sure. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. So those three things basically next steps on just optimization are. So we're gonna. You're gonna let us know how to start setting up this notoriety pack. So what we're looking for for images and then. And then Annabelle probably have a lot of questions for you and setting up on the back end. So we're lying there for that way you're going to work on the same process you went through for snacks to go and come with your recommendations, search terms, image requests, all of that for Catalina Oil 500 mil, two pack. And you're going to send us some examples, video ads that are doing well and why they're doing well so that we can look at creating our own specifically starting there.

Speaker C: I believe that song from my side.

Speaker B: Awesome. I'm just going to look back at last week too, in case there was something else that would be talked about that wasn't. Is the snacks to go fulfilled showing fulfilled in the US Now. Is it there yet? Okay, I'll talk to Animal about that too. Okay, okay, okay.

Speaker C: Okay. All right. Nice seeing you. And I starting to hear about things.

Speaker B: When are you traveling back.

Speaker C: It's on 27th.

Speaker B: On the 27th. Okay. Okay.

Speaker C: All right.

Speaker B: Thank you, everybody. So Brittany's gonna send a new media cadence for this. She'll go on the cadence so I don't make any administrative mistakes. Make sure the right people are on the meeting.

Speaker D: So it's 9aM Your time, Alicia.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Does that work for everybody? Just to start this meeting to stick at this time on Thursday.

Speaker E: Okay, perfect. Thanks.

