Transcript for: Recording__1124.mp4
Title: Recording #1124
============================================================

I'm having some issues with my headset, so I just go to meeting room now. I've just never seen what art is behind you. I've never seen if they hate on something chickpeas and then there's some plant with flowers. Okay. Must be new. Is Elish. I was hearing Alicia in the meeting some. I would. Yeah, I saw she was in a meeting, so I'm wondering if she'll join us late, but I'm sure you guys can get going. Yeah. So I literally had small suggestions because we are literally ramping up the production this week. So from our last week's suggestion. So I'll just share my screens. Okay. Are you able to see the table now? I can see your screen, yes. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Before Alicia joins us, just a small suggestion. You remember I was checking with you on some of the item deletion steps. So I have this weird SKU where I never sent, but it got like Amazon somehow found one SKU and then it was out of stock. So I just wanted to make sure that I don't use it. So if I select this SKU and try to find to delete. So it just gives me create removal order and doesn't give me a deletion option from here. Second is if I try to hit. I'm sorry, but are you showing the seller central or are you still at the exit? Hello, central. Oh, I cannot see the screen there. Just give me a second. Now. It should be fine. Okay, so this is the item, for example, if I'm wanting to delete, then because this is an SKU which got created unknowingly. So apparently Amazon had found some item and they created one code for it. Now if I select this SKU and go to group action, it doesn't give me the deletion list how it does for Canada. And if I just try to delete it directly from here again, it gives me edit listing or settings, but doesn't give me options to delete directly from here. Could you go to the Manage Inventory page? Not. Yeah, Manage all inventory. Manage all inventory page and then find the same sku. This one. Try it from here. See if you have an option. Delete listing. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So I think it's differently configured between U.S. and Canada because Canada allows me to delete directly. Okay. And. Okay, they are definitely set up. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, I'll do this. Yeah. So what's the difference between close and delete? Close. The product listing will stay on your Manage inventory page. It will just not. Well, just. It's closed. It's not visible to the customers. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah, so I'll go for delete listing then, right? Yeah, perfect. Okay, I got it. Thanks. I'll just pull up the screen for my inventory. So Alicia, I didn't share the sheet because we literally had a very minor change based on the production schedule because the production is happening next week starting Monday. So my numbers haven't changed much, just couple skus. So starting with Canada. So the major change that I see is for snacks to go. I think I brought up the wrong data. She just gave me a month. Yeah, here's one. So for Amazon Canada. For snacks to go, 28 grams, we were planning to send around 600 units. Like between 400 to 500 we had thought. But we were running the production schedule a week later starting next Monday. So I had up the quantity to 600 after discussing with Natasha. But then yesterday we came to know that we are short del pickle fava finish goods bags so they could only make like 60 cases instead of planned 100. So Natasha and Neil, they are discussing and trying to find a schedule if they can squeeze in another balance for next week. But as of now I'm just able to send 60 cases instead of 100. You are muted. Alicia, Alicia, you're on your mute. Yeah. So yeah, you have to send what we have. So because you're saying we sold 644 and we have 1380 available right now. Oh, inbound 1380 available. So that includes available is 820. So I would say close to thousand is available and 360 is what we are planning to set. So this 1389 includes 360 of what we are planning to send. Okay, but you're. Is that planning to send, actually sending or you're saying we don't have that. We can only. So 360 we are sending. This plant was 600 which changed to 360. Okay. And so you're working on the rest. Basically it just might be a week later than you thought. Okay. And that's fine. Like our forecast here is showing like the amount that you have. That's why we try to keep this three months pipe in Amazon. Right. So if you have some delays, they're not like so detrimental. But yeah. So basically you're just updating us that you're a week behind, sending the quantities that you want to send. Yeah, because we don't have seasoned product. So I, I still don't have an update. So I have to wait to hear back from Neil and Natasha. Okay. Yeah. Because we are short on Del Pickle powers. So the 360 you can send. That's leaving because I, I literally had to change all my labels from 600 to 360, which we did yesterday. And then. So are you saying. So once you guys do get roasted whip, like once you do get the whip in the pack, you're working on just another 300 or are you asking if we should top that more than when we have it? So immediately? I think we are trying to work on additional 300, but do you. For the next run, do you want me to put any numbers for the planned production? Let's say a couple weeks from now? Yeah, I think we should. Hey, show home. Like, how is this performing in terms of what you initially thought? It seems to be picking up a lot faster than what was forecasted. This 28 gram. Well, I think that it will probably see a slowdown from here because it happened just because of Prime Day. Yes. So at this current rate, probably we'll do around 500 to 550 units a month. Yeah. Okay. Sorry, I. I couldn't hear you. Your last few words. Five or six hundred a month forecast. Yeah. Okay. So, yeah, if you're fulfilling with another 300, that's fine for now and above and. But we'll have more of an update soon. Yeah. Also, if they sell out, it gives us a great excuse to send an email being like back in stock. So I'll be fine with it if it's like a day, you know, build the hype. Yeah. High demand. Okay. Interesting take on 5 liters bed. So we sent all 10. I tested 10 units, sending it to Amazon by UPS. All of them got marked as unfulfillable just yesterday. I'm not sure why it's showing 11 because we just sent 10. 11 got unfulfilled. And that's all they say? Yeah, the disposition also. I mean, first of all, they received it as saleable and then on the same day they marked as unfulfillable. They. I reviewed it. It was in transit. It was not marked. Then for a few seconds, like, I think I remember an hour where it was showing as available. Okay, I have good news to share in the coming meeting. But then when I ran the report, it shows. Okay, smarter than fulfillable. Like, there's a call line for Amazon. Right. Like, I've spoken to a few brands lately and everybody keeps saying the customer service call line is usually very helpful. Have we ever tried calling? I haven't. There is a chat support which I'VE used in the past. Yeah, we need to call. Like, okay, yeah, we find that number that customer service. Like literally I just had two conversations last week and they said they actually just make a phone call and they're usually very helpful. Okay, so call and. And see if they're able to give. Because it must be something around how we're packaging it or labeling. Because we don't put it in a box. Hey, Annabelle. We just send it as the bag in a box. Right? We send it back in a box and we just put two stickers on the box, which is the FNSQ label and the box label. I wonder if it needs to go in a box. Like we have sold this item for long, right? Like, yeah, but obviously something like we. Yeah, like we sold this item and then the first time it changed was due to damages. So I wonder if they've just flagged it. Like they've had significant damage and that could be the case based on what we saw with 28 units are returned and some of them are damaged. Yeah, like if we don't put it in a box, it's not that strong. Now what I mean is for this we shaped like individual UPS tracking number. It went as individual tracking number. So I highly suspect. And this was Amazon partnered ups, not even our carrier. That's the thing. So if they damage it, then they should be marked as damaged, not defective. So can we get that line that I'm hearing? Everybody's calling and call them and ask the question and ask. We need more detail. Yeah, it's the same process. Anuphav, Are you familiar with the process? No. No. Okay, so when you create the cases, you. I think there are multiple options. One, three options are. I mean one of them is call. Another one is to. Sometimes they will give you an option to chat. Sometimes they will just ask you to send an email. And if you. In case you don't see an option to call, then you have to choose different issues so that they actually let you call them. So you may need to explore some options there so that you get the option to call them. That's how it works. That's when you put in a case because who's put in the. So are you familiar with where you're going, Annabelle? Or does show. Have need to show us on the screen? No, I have to try that because I'm not. I've not called them for anything. Like I have reverted back to them on chat where I get response for a specific case. For example, if they have highlighted an issue Right, Yeah. So then I have reverted back to them and then I get a reply back. But I haven't initiated a case as such. Right, well, can we look at what the process is? Because yeah, at the end of the day we need somebody to have a conversation with a human, like an actual conversation about it. Because this is starting to get rid. Like this is ridiculous. So I can actually see, let's say if I'm going to seller central and if I go to Canada. So let's say if I go to that SKU that got alerted and see if I'm able to directly go to raise a ticket from there. Inventory, manage all inventory. You know what Anubhav, Give it a try later maybe and then if you cannot figure it out, let me know. I can probably walk you through the process. Okay, yeah, reading. Is it true? So show him. Just to be clear, you have to go through raise the ticket and then because when I Google like Amazon seller phone number there, everyone's saying there isn't one. You have to go through seller central. Yeah, yeah, they will call you back. We cannot call them. I mean, yeah, they will call you and then you have to receive it. Let me try to see, find out a way if I can directly reach out to them. If not, I'll try to see if I am able to raise a ticket. Well, it sounds like you have to raise a ticket to make a phone call happen, right? Yeah. Alicia, can you guys connect on the process to get somebody on the phone? Yeah, like literally somebody needs to be told. This has been now 18 months of issues and we have tried several things. We need someone to offer a solution or a reason why what's happening so we can come up with one that works. Yeah. Right. Okay. Talking about the next sku which is our variety pack, Roasted chickpeas variety pack. So we are sitting on close to 200 units of stock and my recommendation was to send another 60 here. Okay, which one is that? That's a three pack fava chickpeas variety. Okay, Chickpeas, right. So chickpeas variety. Even though I know the numbers included and units sold has the prime days number included on them. But it won't hurt, right, to send just 60. And for a two pack Camelina oil. So this is something which I'm a bit confused on, like how detrimental is my planning to go by the numbers in last 30 days for this SKU. So I have like 170 units sold last month and we are sitting, including the one that we are planning to ship out. I'M planning to ship out one pallet next week. So including that, I'll have 263 units in Amazon. So should I send one or two more pallets next? That is my conundrum. A confusion I would say is that Prime Days numbers there show home. Like the dashboard is not updated for me. I can't see any numbers so I have no visibility into what's happening. Yeah, I couldn't see it as well. Oh, I'm sorry about that. In that case I'll have to check. But it was. I'll have to. Brittany, I might need you to. Or Annabelle, I might just. I'm gonna have to get in the Amazon back end and start looking at things because. Yeah, yeah, I need the information sent in advance and show home. We spent a lot of work on this dashboard. I need it updated. Like I have no information coming into these meetings, guys. And then we just spend an hour having the same conversations about the same challenges. There needs to be touch points in between these meetings too. On the five liter. It's an issue. It's a high revenue item that is like literally softened our Amazon sales across the board the last 18 months. So we need to get a little scrappier and grittier and prioritize these things and move things along. So. But yeah, I'll have to get into the back end of Amazon so that I can get the information that I need to help progress these conversations. Yeah. So do we have a suggestion on. Yeah, so you know what, so you're suggesting that we send 192 units. That would mean how many in total? 263. Plus 190. Plus 192. Yeah, so that's about. Yeah, we can definitely do that because recently I see that the volume has picked up even after Prime Day. So without the influence of Prime Day, we are going to do about 167 units if this rate continues. Okay. Okay. So I'll just freeze that number and then add to my list. Should we just review again on this 15 grams next to go? You have any concerns about sending more or not 15 grams? Yeah. About sending more or just. No, we are not going to send any more as of now. Yeah. Okay. And, and one last question. Soham is I'm still waiting for my last shipment to be delivered to Amazon for the stickered bags like for FNSQ stickered bags where we made sure that none of the bags were left unstickered. So I'm just waiting to see what comments do I get on them. But for now we are still using a space which is different than the barcode space which is pre printed on the back because our barcode is still at the very bottom. And we still feel that it will be subject to more aberration because it is the. It is more curved area where scanning could be an issue because it's not printed right. It's a. It's a label after all. So have you sent in a shipment since that audit that you did annabe and kind of cleaned up that process a little bit. Has a shipment been received since then? No. So I'm just waiting. Okay. So you're just. Yeah. So if I get a flag then we have to change our sticker positioning and see how it goes. Noticed. Okay. And is there a way like are we able to claim any freight charges back from Amazon for those UPS shipments? If it is getting marked as unfulfillable or we just let it go. Well, so if it was defective that we could. But if it is unfulfill. Sorry, if it is. If it was damaged then we could. But if it is defective, that's how they're. If they're. That's how they're defining it then it's almost like saying the mistake is on our end. We are sending the wrong products in the wrong way. Yeah. Okay. Okay, sweet. So let's not recall that Soham. Unless I get hold of someone in Amazon and then we both can touch base to see what could be our next possible action steps. Sure. Okay. That's it from my side team. And do you, do you have anything you're all good on the US stuff. Amazon. Oh, sorry, I didn't discuss. Sorry, my bad. Okay. So yeah. So for power means variety pack. My suggestion was to send another 50 units. Okay. That's the 28 gram or the fifth. This is fava beans variety pack. 140 grams. Oh the fava beans. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Like we are currently planning to send 48 but even that delivery will take some time right. To reach. So let's say a couple weeks. So I definitely think that we should send 50 more. Okay. Then snacks to go 15 grams. I. I don't personally feel we should be sending anything unless you guys think otherwise. No, I think it's okay. Okay. Two pack oil just to keep the numbers running bit nicely. I'm thinking of just sending 30 more units. Okay. But I think the numbers are pretty fine. Right. Like I shouldn't be bothered about stock out situation at this stage. Like I'm already sending 60 units. Next. Early next week and then 30 more. All right. And then for new snacks to go, 28 grams. I don't see any traction. So I don't think we need to plan any inventory on this one. We only sold four. Where is that item on your. Again, I don't have the sales in front of me, so how many. You know what, I think you should have it right now. There was one minor date adjustment error. So you should have the data on both marketplaces now. Just one unit in August and 14 units in July. Okay. That's the 28 gram US. That's 28 gram US. Okay. So it is trending. It is going moving. So we have 83 units available as of now. Okay, you're fine. An above. Okay. Okay. And then on Chickpeas variety pack we are healthily stocked again. So I'm not worried about this skill at all. Yeah, perfect. Okay. Yeah, let me know what you learn about that phone process. Annabav. And if. Yeah, again, because I'm even just recalling back, like way back. Like I don't know if you're with us when Heather and Rasheem worked with us, but they were on the phone all the time with Amazon so there's definitely a way. Yeah, well, the process generally would be he will be able to talk to somebody, but then they will forward the case to their internal team, which is again good. Through email. Right? Yeah. Well, and again, it probably just sounds. Sometimes these things you verbally discuss with someone and then how they communicate it to their internal team is probably better said of like how it's coming from an internal, coming from a colleague and coming with like a better understanding of what the issue is from Amazon perspective. Yeah. And also I'll tell you this, it really depends on the person you speak with. Sometimes you will end up getting connected with someone really helpful. Sometimes they don't even care. So it may take multiple trials on our end. Yeah. Okay. And if you get someone really helpful, ask them for their cell phone number. Can you go imagine, let's say how do I contact you specifically and directly all the time? Yeah. Okay. Okay. If you need them. No, I think, I don't think you need the notes, but they're in our marketing team notebook if you do. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay, thanks. Thanks Annabelle. Bye. Bye. Okay. Okay, so yeah, so maybe I know we just have the 30 minutes or two show home so I want to just give it to you on just anything sort of advertising wise updates, what's working, what's not. I know you had some concerns about the buy box that Flicked off. So just anything on the sales engine. Sales and marketing engine. And then just the last ten minutes of this, I want to just show a plan that Lindsay and Brittany and I kind of just started drafting together about updating all the assets on Amazon to the rebrand and making sure that everybody's aligned on what they need to do when they need to do it by. And then just try to mitigate any disruption with Amazon specifically. So. Yeah. Okay. So I. I'd like to talk about the promotional dates that are coming up. We have set up promotions for this month for the 18 pack. I know Brittany also need to know the date so that we can send out some emails if that is an option. So for 18 count, the new snack to snack to go, we are running the promo on August 11th between 7:50am and 7:50pm PDT. So lightning deal. The lightning deal, yes. Okay. It's only 12 hours. Okay. And for the 30? For the 30 count, we are. Sorry, did you want to say something? Sorry, I was just looking what day of the week that was. Keep going. Sorry. Okay. Okay. All right. For the old snack to go, the 30 count one, we are running a base deal for a week between August 11th and August 17th. Okay, good to know. And which one's that for? That one is for the old stack to go. Okay. The 15 gram kit. Okay. And even posting to not just for your knowledge, I don't think I'll send an email, but this would be great to put on stories because my fear with an email is people don't check until the next day and then the lightning gill is gone. Right. But I'll be posting two socials. Got it. Okay. All right. And for the rest of the year, this is also something we wanted to discuss. How we can plan the. A promotional plan for the rest of the year. And a lot of events are upcoming. So for September we are of course doing. Oh no, for September we are. We don't have much happening in September, so we can do lightning deals for just 12 hours for both of these queues in September. And then for October we have Fall prime day happening. So we will not do anything else. Just participate in Fall Prime Day and November and December. So November end and December beginning Black Friday, Cyber Monday. And if we want to do something for the holidays, before the holidays, mid December, that is also another option. So these are the things I'd like to talk about, which ones you would be okay with doing and schedule them ahead of time. Okay. And so for the September lightning deals, are you kind of basically Just asking how many. You would be okay with running 20% discount for both of these queues in Canada for 12 hours. Basically an approval from you for both of the snacks to goes. Yeah. Yes you can. I'm thinking. Brittany, you know where these should be added is our marketing promo calendar. Your digital promo calendar. We should make an Amazon line and just plot what show homes for sure. And then October, do you know the prime dates for October show home? It hasn't been declared yet. No, we don't know the dates yet. Okay, and are you thinking oil at some point too, or just the snacks to Goes? Well, for the fall prime days, these key events, we can participate with three products. But other than that, for example, in September, the lightning deals, we can just do it with the snack. Okay. So. In the November, you need to plan that out right now, like November, the Black Friday. Do you automatically just become part of that or do you have to. No, we have to participate. So on Amazon it's a, they look at it, It's a Turkey 5 event. So there are three things going on. Right. One would be the Thanksgiving. Right, Thanksgiving. And then Black Friday, Cyber Monday. And between these, between, I think before and after. So they, they run an event. Amazon run an event for a, for all these five. Well, three events and then before and after. So five events in total. So we, we have that option to participate in all five. But if we don't want to stretch the duration that much, we can just participate in these days. Yeah. Okay. Okay, well, let's talk about that. But I don't know if we have to do all five. But we definitely know. I, I think. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. All right. So that's about that. And then the forecast adjustment, I think that's something that I, we are supposed to review because it looks like the 30 count snack to go in Canada has started slowing down. And so tell me about that show home like so. Because the assumptions on that is potentially the new one. Probably stealing some share. Maybe. But have you slowed any spend on that item? Have you changed or pivoted? It's all the same. Okay, okay, so here's what I've done regarding the allocation. Right now most of our spend is going towards the 18 count, the new one. And for the old snack to go, we have increased it slightly. So before we were spending around 9%. Now we are spending about 12% of the revenue on the old snack to go. Okay, yeah. But my assumption is there are a few reasons. First of all, just after the prime day, there was a slowdown. In traffic that's temporary and we have launched a new product so I believe some of our old repeat purchasers, repeat customers, they have switched to the new one. And another thing that I showed last week, I mean two weeks ago to Britain you was how the sales volume trend is during this time of the year and generally it slows, it slows down until the end of the year with an exception just for this this time around or back to school. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So you're saying you want to soften the 15 gram snacks to go a little bit from. I'm just trying to pull up what we have in here. So you have about four moving into about 1400amonth, 1450amonth. Maybe you want to soften that back down a little bit. Yeah. Hopefully the black back to school event will help. So. Yeah. And so maybe like 1100, 1200 is probably more accurate. Like you're already at, you're at 90 already in August but that's pretty soft. So I'll maybe just update it in here while I'm in here. Forecast. Oh maybe just soften it to 1100amonth and right now show home for the rest of the year. Probably. Yeah, even 1100 maybe a little bit too much because December probably is the slowest month. Surge volume, if you look at the surge volume. But yeah, probably a thousand in December. But we also have to be mindful about the. Actually might need you to do it because for some reason I can't, I can't type in that line right now. I don't know if that's my computer or if there's some read only that I'm on or something should be able to do it. Okay, I'll put it in. Take care of it. Yeah, yeah. Okay. All right. So that is pretty much it from my end. We can discuss about the advertising data and that's what I would like to take some time, I mean take some time to discuss. So probably let's do that in our next meeting in two weeks. Okay. And that's where you pull that report of like keyword terms, any pivots that you've made in your spending, that kind of thing like that. The current strategy. Yeah, the current strategy. What we have done so far and what do you think we should test next? All of those. Yeah, that will be perfect. So I'm just going to pull this up. So one of the big projects, so first big project has been. We've rationalized in a big way and we've launched the new Variety pack and we are definitely I think seeing all of that shake out in terms of where volumes and assumptions are landing and in what products are doing what, I'm really hoping we can figure out that 5 liter Camelin oil thing because literally that could be a very significant revenue driver. It is our only revenue behind that item right now. So we definitely need to push really hard to figure out what the hell is going on. And even before we just disco and start from scratch, we still need to know why even their courier couldn't deliver that item. There's something bigger going on than just damage. Okay, so one thing about this product, can we try to package it differently? Different way so that. Yeah, it's safer to ship. It's different damage. Yeah. I've made a note to just take a look because I don't know, Brittany, when we. I made. I've made a look. I've made a note to go physically, look at how they're packing it for Amazon versus how it's even being packed on our Shopify. Because, yeah, those boxes are not that strong shipping on their own. And it depends on how sensitive Amazon is to, like, what is damage? Like, like, what is damage is, like it's. Is it significant or is it like the box is bent a little bit? Right. So, yeah, because it is a big jug of oil. So I can see maybe they're a little hypersensitive to any sort of damage. So, yeah, I'll take a look at that Show Home, because that's kind of where my head is going. But there's got to be something else if it's not that. It's just weird because like you said, it doesn't say damage. It says unfillable, effective. And literally, to Annabel's point, we shipped that in the exact way for like a couple years with no issues. And then just all of a sudden. Right, all of a sudden there were issues. Yeah. Super weird. Okay, so this is sort of just a new sort of planning template that we move through Show Home when we sort of basically start, like what we would call, like a mission, like a project and a team around that project to make sure that everybody is aligned on what is the absolute expectation? What are some things that we need? Who's accountable for what things? In what timelines do these things need to happen? And you know, what are all the things that could go wrong that we just want to make sure we think about and we plan for? And so basically, this is the launch, the rebrand on Amazon pages. Can we just have the two right now? So updating our Amazon pages and storefront. I guess I should say actually A plus content too, like all content on both Canada and the USA to reflect the new branding and the rationalized portfolio while ensuring no fulfillment disruption in transition. November 1st. I'm putting November 1st because it's the best assumed date we have right now of when we will be shipping new branded bags, like when the product will be in production of the new branded bags in the second. And so I guess is that very clear to you? Show Home. In terms of we're updating all of our content, including our product pages and everything, we're focusing just on the items we rationalize down to. We need to clean up our storefront, optimize our A plus content. So this is the time to do that, to start building out our content wish list. What photography do we need? What design do we need? All of that. So adopting lessons from the past. This is what we call just basically saying like what are all the things we need to think about or people we need to talk to or lessons learned from the past. So what we thought was one thing is just so it doesn't feel so overwhelming. The first step we should do is delete product pages that will not be part of this. There are several on our storefront, for instance that exists that we can just get rid of. So at least going into it and it doesn't feel so overwhelming. So Lindsey and Brittany, we're just going to touch base with you on that show Home. Just knowing like if they go two things to learn in the back end. If they go on the storefront to like delete things, add visuals or whatever, maybe do like a tutorial learning with you on that. And then secondly is just if we delete pages on the storefront that doesn't impact anything you're doing with keywords right now and stuff. Right. Because it would really be pages that our products are not selling anymore. Yeah, no, if we're not selling something, we can delete it. Yeah, it's not going to do okay. Yeah. So ideally we rationalize all content on the pages of what we will not be rebuilding and then look to rebuild it. Timing of the product, images to match product warehouse is critical. So I was thinking more about this and I'm going to touch base with a few brands that have recently done just a rebrand on Amazon just to better understand like I have seen and I don't know what you've seen. Show home. Some products sometimes just put a graphic up on their product pages says you will new look same Great taste. You will receive this or that. And they show an image so that Amazon is a little more forgiving on the fact that maybe it didn't look exactly like that. Yeah. Have you seen that before? Yeah. Okay. Yes, I have. So Brittany also sent me some questions and I have some examples that I can show you after maybe you are done with this entire thing. Yeah, okay. That would be good. So finding some. Yeah, finding some case studies or examples of how people have managed through that is key to just one of our. Like adopt the lessons. Inventory management. So making sure our cadence of inventory that Annabelle, we actually have him bringing the information on what actual packaging is going to print and when that's going to hit production of actual Amazon things. So I'll speak with him in Demand planning about that. I said speak to a brand in here. Confirm their confirming there are no code changes. There are no NFT changes. There are no. Like there's literally it's just a design change. Because I was reflecting back on the. The issue that's maybe triggered us all a little bit in the US which was the lentil issue that they rejected because what was in the box did not match the images on the. On the product listing page. But I think the bigger image wasn't that it was Canadian, wasn't that it was US packaging in the. In the box in a Canadian image. I think the bigger image was. The issue was that the NFT were different. Yeah. Okay. And that was a customer complaint. Amazon didn't recognize that on their own. Okay. So it probably will probably easier to manage this transition than we think because there's no NFT changes. Like that's all the same align on three brand pages. Okay. So align on three brand pages or case studies of people that are doing it well so that when Lindsay and Brittany actually start plotting out the creative and how it will look, that we've all kind of set a standard and expectation and then Canada and the USA have the same asin. So. And I think in the past you have said show home. That is actually typical practice. Most people do that because that's why. So that's why there's Canadian images on the USA warehouse pages, Correct? Yeah. Yeah. So we'll have to manage that when we look at the USA photography because are we saying that all content on the USA pages is Canadian content because the product pages have to match. True. Yeah. So how different will the packagings be for both marketplaces? Design wise, they're the same, but NFT portion sizes are different and. Well, NFT not so here's the thing. NFT portion sizes are different and there's French on it. That's the only thing. But that's what I had to discuss with Natasha Nanaboff because what we did was the asins are married. So it's Canadian content on the US Platform. It's bilingual front of panel and it's Canadian nft. That doesn't matter operationally as long as we're sending Canadian product in the box. But it happened that one time because they sent USA product in the box. Right. Well, so I'm not worried about the fringe labels. We can use that, but I'm worried about the portion control. Like portion size. If it is different, we will not be able to show that in the. On the images. Because then it will show up on both marketplaces. Yeah, yeah, that's what I'm thinking. So if we can deal with that, that one, this one issue. And why is that specifically an issue? Because they received something different in the box, you mean? Or because that's where I. So the two snacks to go, for instance, because we've rationalized now we just have a few. The two snacks to go. Oh, no, they will have the same portion size actually, because they're Variety pack. Cameline oil has the same portion size. It's actually the only thing that has a different NFT is the. Is the pouch packs. Chickpea variety. Okay. So it's actually. That's not even a big deal. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The variety packs are all the same because we're shipping absolute Canadian packaging into the US we don't have a USA Amazon one. Yeah. So that's actually less of an issue than we. But what the. Watch out. Is NFT batching show home. And just to be super, super clear that this is. Because I'm like, this has to be a common issue. So I mean, and I know that ChatGPT is often wrong, but it's saying, like, is it possible that the way that we're copying over the page is what's causing the issue? Because ChatGPT is saying that the actual like image titles and bullets are actually not shared, that they operate independently. Even if they're the same asin, the images are shared. They are. Things are not. Yeah, just the images. I'm gonna tell them you're wrong as usual. And that's going. And it's the same for every country. Hey, show home. So if you set up Canadian go into the U.S. but if you set up us coming into Canada, is it different? Okay. No, same. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So Anything else that we just sort of think of and just in terms of adopting the lessons. But it sounds like everybody's just really clear on. We want to manage inventory as close as possible. We want to make sure it's. It's communicated on the actual product pages that you might receive a look like this or a look like that. We've brand refreshed. Like it's actually advertised that we've done that. And three is just the watch out of what the image is on the product pages versus what we're shipping in the box, which is there's maybe two items that are getting U.S. packaging, but it's a Canadian image in the U.S. right now. So that is probably a bigger conversation too, even with finance and setup. Because right now, yeah, how the bombs are created in the back for like the. For the raw materials and stuff, it's picking US packaging to make the US items. So. But that's a different issue. So generating from the target backwards. So this is just sort of like a timeline and saying, hey, you know what? If we want to be ready to like, all new rebrand content is going to go live by November 20th. By November 1st, that means that in October we're staying close to our in inventory plan and we have a definitive date on when the new stuff is shipping. It means that maybe by October 13th, I might even push this up, like, because it would be a big September project. But October 13, we have aligned on the creative, the assets, the imagery, how the pages are going to look, what's going up, all the content by October 13th. And everybody says, yes, good, you can go ahead and load it in whenever you're ready to put it up. That's kind of what we're putting as that date in September. We're planning a photo shoot, like an actual product photo shoot, because obviously we'll want some lifestyle photos, some photography of the new brand and stuff. In September 20th. In September, that will also be this Will Lindsay and Brittany actually just building out every single page and coming back to you show home on like, you've already done like copy on the new listings and stuff, but it's more like, hey, here's the imagery, here's the new content. We'll follow current direction, but if we want to add something, change something or whatever, they'll build that out so that we can actually look at it. Because can you export the pages out of Amazon, show home and like work within a template or that's kind of how you've created. Go ahead, Brittany. If you wanted to say Something. No, sorry, I was gonna say that was one of the questions we had emailed you. Okay. Yeah. So maybe go ahead on the questions actually. Yeah. Because you're probably into that. Yeah, sure. Do you want to go ahead with that right now? Yes, please. Okay, so your questions, Britney. I see the first question was how does the actual page updating work? Do we give you the files and you swap out the images for each sku? I assume it doesn't work like a website where you can make it live when you choose. So, well, how does the product. So we are talking about the images. We can actually update it whenever we want and it takes about. It may take about 24 hours up to 24 hours. It can even happen within a few hours to show the updated images on the product detail page. And yes, I can. We can also do the updates or if you're okay with it, we can also show you how to do it and then you can go ahead and do it in the back end. Both options are open. Okay. Okay. Second one. Second one was there. There are quite a few pages on our storefront that are out already. Ours from SKUs, we have rationalized. Does removing those pose an issue for you on the back end? And can you also show us how this is done or is this something you need to do, you need to do on our end? Okay, so no, I will not have any issue if you remove or change anything in the storefront and I do think it needs to be updated. What I think will help is if we look at some best practices when it comes to storefront design, to design the homepage and also the category pages and also product specific pages and design them accordingly. You know, there are different modules that you can explore. So I think it would be best if I, first of all, if we first of all look at some examples. And then also instead of me doing this, probably it's better if you. I think Lindsay is going to be the designer. Right. So if you, if you look at the back end, there are so many different kind of modules based on the best practices. Maybe you can come up with the idea of how to actually implement it, how to actually design the storefront, because there are so many options. So I think that should be the right way of doing it rather than me specifying we need these or I mean this is how the design should look like. And then maybe at the end the implementation will not be easy if I do that. So those modules, you're saying, it's almost like it's kind of saying, hey, when you go set up your product page or when you set up your storefront. These are some of the best practices and things to keep in mind. Meanwhile looking at a few brands that, that we feel have done a good job or are putting. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. So the next question is that. Could I answer your question, Britney? Yes. Okay. And I'll just keep bothering you about that because I'm, you know. So Brittany, we're gonna have to get Lindsay set up to get into Amazon as well. So it's just easier for her to just flip. Yeah. Is she already set up? Okay, she's. Okay, good. Okay, so and this one is just one that Alicia already asked. Like, do we have examples of people who transition to the new look with like both that graphic and then. Yeah, I just want to mitigate any issues. Yeah. Okay, so let me share my screen. I'll show you some examples. So one example is from. I don't know why they have generic, but anyways, Archer. Sorry, show home. Just one, just one question I had on here that I forgot to have. Is there a delay? So if you put up a new page, a new product in Amazon, is there disruption or a delay to your page where they have to like review it? It like goes into review for 24 hours or something before it flips. Is it a new listing or old? Well, it's just, it's the same ace. It's the same products, new look. So it just goes live and yeah, it just. Well, they definitely have a review process, but that's mostly automated. Unless there's something some word or some imageries that goes against their policy. Which is not going to happen in our case. Okay. So no, I mean it takes up to 24 hours sometimes, you know, to publish the images in the front end. But no, there. Apart from that, there is no manual review process. Okay, thanks. So for the. It's. Whenever brands do update their label the products they generally have a, have an image like these. And also for the. In the bullet points, sometimes they mention it in the first bullet point or one of these bullet points. Generally it's better if they do it in the first one and then. Oh, sorry about this page. I don't think they have done a good job here. Oh no, they have. Okay. They have done something similar here. And also you will see in the first bullet point they have mentioned that it's a new look and the same product, same formula, Just screenshot. Yeah, yeah, that's great. Oh yeah. And they say new look, saying great tasting formula. Okay. And so the Old look is in the back, the new look is in the front is what they've done. And what if. Because there obviously will be a transition time. So it's not just completely new look. It's also like, don't come at us if you get either. Some people just have to work on a copy. Like some, some. A concise way to say that. Well. Or just how they are. Like it. Like it's this or that. Right. Like. Well, I just don't want people to be mad because they're seeing the after here and then they're not going to get the after. So then they're gonna like, you know what I mean? There will be people who will complain. Oh, he says it in his thing. He says you will receive one. Oh, no, I thought it was going to say you will shoot, run or the other. Yeah, yeah. So, yeah. And also it would really. We'll have to. I mean, before updating the pictures. I mean, the timing matters here. So when exactly do we update all of these images? Maybe just before shipping the new batch. Because Amazon at the time of receiving, they will also want to match the product they're receiving with the pictures on the product page. Okay. Yeah. Because then what that means show home too, is because we're keeping three months worth of inventory in Amazon. So right now we have plenty in there all the way up to the rebrand. Anything we're shipping out today is the old look. Yep. So maybe what we might want to do is maybe start tightening that up too. So you don't want to keep according to three months. Yeah, maybe. Maybe even just tighten it up to like two months or something. Right. Because then we know Amazon is going to receive and then we'll leave this, this or that photo and communication up for likely two months. Right. Yeah. So but unless we start tightening that inventory bubble right now without making sure that we don't run out, that's just going to be a longer thing for the consumer to receive. Yeah, yeah, sorry. That Archer example, is that currently live? Because when I'm just looking on Amazon, I can't see dot com. Not ca. Okay, I'm. I'm on dot com. But you need to. Probably need to change the zip code there. Oh, okay. Yeah. Change address. Yeah, Yeah. And again, if as long as it's properly communicated, it doesn't really matter, like you will receive this or that, and that stays up until we know it's clean cut. So whether that's two months, three months, whatever it is, it shouldn't matter. It'll be different for all items. But. Can someone send me the link to that? I screenshotted it, Lindsay, in the notes. I'll send them to you. Yeah, thanks. Cool. I also. I took a screenshot, but I was just. Yeah, yeah, I hear you. Thanks. Okay. And so just in terms of kind of next steps on kicking off this. This process, how we basically said was first and foremost for Brittany and Lindsey to kind of get their head wrapped around what it looks like in the. In the back to just go into the store and the content. I'm just going to go to our store. I don't know what the easier way. Easiest way is to go. Yeah. And figure. Just start rationalizing this up. Like, there are so many things that Camelina oil will obviously pretty much stay the same. But yeah, we have duplication, we have things that are deleted. And ideally, this kind of moves down to, like, there's going to be like three pages. Right. We have Camelino oil, we have on the go, and then we have other snacks, basically, like the varieties. I don't. So clean it up. And then we can start building outside. And maybe what we'll do is we could even break down the project even further. Brittany and Lindsay, where we say, hey, let's focus on product pages first because they matter most. So rationalize up the store. Take a look at the A plus content. The product pages are pretty much built show home. Like you did Camelina Oil. You did the variety packs. Like, we've barely touched the other packs, which are not super high priority. But so maybe design wise, when we start to go create, let's focus on product pages and the images that will be used there. Bring it back to one of these meetings and say, okay, is everybody happy with the product pages? Then move to A plus content. Okay, is everybody happy with A plus content? Then move to. Okay, this is how the store is gonna. Gonna look so that we're like chunking it down and we don't just say, hey, Lindsay and Brittany, go build all three things and see you on October 13th for our approvals. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. I'm gonna put that in bold. So if we're ever reviewing these notes, be like, that's. Let's not cry over it. Yeah. And so right now. And just so you know, show home. So right now, a lot of Lindsey's time is on packaging and some of the sales and marketing assets for our sales team and for launching. Are you going to. Are you going to chfa Show Home Toronto? I'm sorry, chfa, do you go to that Show The Canadian Health Association. I went there last year, so I'm not sure if I'll go there this year. Let's see. Okay. So but we're launching the rebrand there, so that will be our first external. So Lindsay's time in August is mostly dedicated to packaging and that kind of stuff. And then this will likely be highly consuming for the month of September. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay, cool. So everybody's kind of clear on next steps. And I'll circulate that just in the email to you show home. So you have just sort of that high level timeline plan. Because the other thing that we did on this plan or what we kind of like to do is at the very end of it we kind of just say, hey, you know what, like a contingency, like what are all the things that could go wrong? And that's, you know, one of the things was. I don't know if that's even a real issue. Like Amazon just rejects all the new imaging. But I guess that would just be more for. Because we use the wrong words or false advertise something and we'd have to just remake the images, right? That's right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then the other thing we thought about like what if one item is like shipping out right away in the rebrand but all other items we have inventory of the old stock, which is a very real thing. Does that matter? And I would say likely not. If we put that you will receive this or that advert add up on the page for two months time. Right? I don't think that. So please say that again regarding the timeline. Yeah, so say if there's an example of snacks to go variety packs because they're higher volume items, we end up putting that we run short on an order of bags and we order the new bags on October 1st and they're in new bags by November 1st shipping. Okay, great. New look goes up but something slower like the variety pack of 120 gram chickpeas is still in the old design because we have a bunch of bags and we don't want to like eat that cost. So we're still using old bags of that. But because the website we're not going to do one page at a time in the rebrand, we're just going to do the whole thing. So one item is shipping an old brand, one item is shipping a new brand is kind of what I was saying here. Well, different skus. So no, I don't think they will be. They will impact each other. Yeah, well, they wouldn't Impact each other. But I'm saying when we put these up on the website, every product page, the full storefront, everything is new look. But what's in the box shipping is based on what we have in inventory. Yes. So the new look might be on the website and the old look is shipping in the box. Yeah, that's right. That's. Yeah. And that's. That we're saying is taken care of by having this or that photo on the website. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Okay. And then I just had content gap in photo lifestyle shots on new brands. So this was one of those things of like, oh, you know, what if we have all the graphic design done in September, but it's taking longer to get the photography up. But this is more just like, what if we don't get all the content that we want up at the same time? We can still upload photos later. It doesn't really matter. Right. Yeah. And then one thing to keep in mind is that the Camelina oil is not rebranded right now. It's staying the same. That'll be 20, 26 or December maybe. Like that'll be the last thing that we look at to rebrand. Yeah. Okay. Awesome. Yeah. All right. Okay. So, yeah, Brittany and Lindsay, you guys will discuss and connect on the back end stuff there and rationalizing the store and then. Yeah, just let me know what kind of deadline you select for yourselves to just have that one thing done. Yeah, yeah. All right, so you know what? So let's discuss the action step. For me, for me, it would be for the storefront. I'll have to send some example examples and also probably have to catch up again with Brittany and Lindsay about the best practices and also probably walk you through the back end if that's necessary. That's what I have to do from my end. Is that right? Yes. Yeah. Okay. I'm going to put that in here too. So I'm going to say. Yeah, bye. I'll just say you guys will have to connect at least within the next. Before our next call for our night, like, to at least connect. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I'll circulate this around so you have it show home and I'll maybe break this out with just a few more specifics and names beside things so you can be really clear about what I have to do and when I have to do it in order not to hold anything up. Yeah. Okay. Awesome. Okay, Perfect. All right. Thank you, everybody. Yeah. Thank you, Shah. Thank you. Yeah. Have a great luck. You too.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: I'm having some issues with my headset, so I just go to meeting room now.

Speaker B: I've just never seen what art is behind you. I've never seen if they hate on

Speaker C: something

Speaker A: chickpeas and then there's some plant with flowers.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Must be new.

Speaker A: Is Elish. I was hearing Alicia in the meeting some. I would.

Speaker B: Yeah, I saw she was in a meeting, so I'm wondering if she'll join us late, but I'm sure you guys can get going.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I literally had small suggestions because we are literally ramping up the production this week. So from our last week's suggestion. So I'll just share my screens. Okay. Are you able to see the table now?

Speaker D: I can see your screen, yes.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Before Alicia joins us, just a small suggestion. You remember I was checking with you on some of the item deletion steps. So I have this weird SKU where I never sent, but it got like Amazon somehow found one SKU and then it was out of stock. So I just wanted to make sure that I don't use it. So if I select this SKU and try to find to delete. So it just gives me create removal order and doesn't give me a deletion option from here. Second is if I try to hit.

Speaker D: I'm sorry, but are you showing the seller central or are you still at the exit?

Speaker A: Hello, central.

Speaker D: Oh, I cannot see the screen there.

Speaker A: Just give me a second.

Speaker D: Now.

Speaker A: It should be fine. Okay, so this is the item, for example, if I'm wanting to delete, then because this is an SKU which got created unknowingly. So apparently Amazon had found some item and they created one code for it. Now if I select this SKU and go to group action, it doesn't give me the deletion list how it does for Canada. And if I just try to delete it directly from here again, it gives me edit listing or settings, but doesn't give me options to delete directly from here.

Speaker D: Could you go to the Manage Inventory page?

Speaker A: Not. Yeah, Manage all inventory.

Speaker D: Manage all inventory page and then find the same sku. This one. Try it from here. See if you have an option.

Speaker A: Delete listing.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Yeah. So I think it's differently configured between U.S. and Canada because Canada allows me to delete directly.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: And. Okay, they are definitely set up.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, I'll do this.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: So what's the difference between close and delete?

Speaker D: Close. The product listing will stay on your Manage inventory page. It will just not. Well, just. It's closed. It's not visible to the customers.

Speaker A: Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah, so I'll go for delete listing then, right?

Speaker D: Yeah, perfect.

Speaker A: Okay, I got it. Thanks. I'll just pull up the screen for my inventory. So Alicia, I didn't share the sheet because we literally had a very minor change based on the production schedule because the production is happening next week starting Monday. So my numbers haven't changed much, just couple skus. So starting with Canada. So the major change that I see is for snacks to go. I think I brought up the wrong data. She just gave me a month. Yeah, here's one. So for Amazon Canada. For snacks to go, 28 grams, we were planning to send around 600 units. Like between 400 to 500 we had thought. But we were running the production schedule a week later starting next Monday. So I had up the quantity to 600 after discussing with Natasha. But then yesterday we came to know that we are short del pickle fava finish goods bags so they could only make like 60 cases instead of planned 100. So Natasha and Neil, they are discussing and trying to find a schedule if they can squeeze in another balance for next week. But as of now I'm just able to send 60 cases instead of 100. You are muted. Alicia, Alicia, you're on your mute.

Speaker C: Yeah. So yeah, you have to send what we have. So because you're saying we sold 644 and we have 1380 available right now. Oh, inbound 1380 available.

Speaker A: So that includes available is 820. So I would say close to thousand is available and 360 is what we are planning to set. So this 1389 includes 360 of what we are planning to send.

Speaker C: Okay, but you're. Is that planning to send, actually sending or you're saying we don't have that. We can only.

Speaker A: So 360 we are sending. This plant was 600 which changed to 360.

Speaker C: Okay. And so you're working on the rest. Basically it just might be a week later than you thought. Okay. And that's fine. Like our forecast here is showing like the amount that you have. That's why we try to keep this three months pipe in Amazon. Right. So if you have some delays, they're not like so detrimental. But yeah. So basically you're just updating us that you're a week behind, sending the quantities that you want to send.

Speaker A: Yeah, because we don't have seasoned product. So I, I still don't have an update. So I have to wait to hear back from Neil and Natasha.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Because we are short on Del Pickle powers.

Speaker C: So the 360 you can send.

Speaker A: That's leaving because I, I literally had to change all my labels from 600 to 360, which we did yesterday.

Speaker C: And then. So are you saying. So once you guys do get roasted whip, like once you do get the whip in the pack, you're working on just another 300 or are you asking if we should top that more than when we have it?

Speaker A: So immediately? I think we are trying to work on additional 300, but do you. For the next run, do you want me to put any numbers for the planned production? Let's say a couple weeks from now?

Speaker C: Yeah, I think we should. Hey, show home. Like, how is this performing in terms of what you initially thought? It seems to be picking up a lot faster than what was forecasted. This 28 gram.

Speaker D: Well, I think that it will probably see a slowdown from here because it happened just because of Prime Day. Yes. So at this current rate, probably we'll do around 500 to 550 units a month.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Sorry, I. I couldn't hear you. Your last few words.

Speaker C: Five or six hundred a month forecast. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: So, yeah, if you're fulfilling with another 300, that's fine for now and above and. But we'll have more of an update soon. Yeah.

Speaker B: Also, if they sell out, it gives us a great excuse to send an email being like back in stock. So I'll be fine with it if it's like a day, you know,

Speaker C: build the hype. Yeah. High demand.

Speaker A: Okay. Interesting take on 5 liters bed. So we sent all 10. I tested 10 units, sending it to Amazon by UPS. All of them got marked as unfulfillable just yesterday. I'm not sure why it's showing 11 because we just sent 10. 11 got unfulfilled.

Speaker C: And that's all they say?

Speaker D: Yeah, the disposition also. I mean, first of all, they received it as saleable and then on the same day they marked as unfulfillable.

Speaker A: They. I reviewed it. It was in transit. It was not marked. Then for a few seconds, like, I think I remember an hour where it was showing as available. Okay, I have good news to share in the coming meeting. But then when I ran the report, it shows. Okay, smarter than fulfillable.

Speaker C: Like, there's a call line for Amazon. Right. Like, I've spoken to a few brands lately and everybody keeps saying the customer service call line is usually very helpful. Have we ever tried calling?

Speaker A: I haven't. There is a chat support which I'VE used in the past.

Speaker C: Yeah, we need to call. Like, okay, yeah, we find that number that customer service. Like literally I just had two conversations last week and they said they actually just make a phone call and they're usually very helpful. Okay, so call and. And see if they're able to give. Because it must be something around how we're packaging it or labeling. Because we don't put it in a box. Hey, Annabelle. We just send it as the bag in a box. Right?

Speaker A: We send it back in a box and we just put two stickers on the box, which is the FNSQ label and the box label.

Speaker C: I wonder if it needs to go in a box.

Speaker A: Like we have sold this item for long, right?

Speaker C: Like, yeah, but obviously something like we. Yeah, like we sold this item and then the first time it changed was due to damages. So I wonder if they've just flagged it. Like they've had significant damage and that

Speaker D: could be the case based on what we saw with 28 units are returned and some of them are damaged.

Speaker C: Yeah, like if we don't put it in a box, it's not that strong.

Speaker A: Now what I mean is for this we shaped like individual UPS tracking number. It went as individual tracking number. So I highly suspect. And this was Amazon partnered ups, not even our carrier.

Speaker D: That's the thing. So if they damage it, then they should be marked as damaged, not defective.

Speaker C: So can we get that line that I'm hearing? Everybody's calling and call them and ask the question and ask.

Speaker A: We need more detail.

Speaker D: Yeah, it's the same process. Anuphav, Are you familiar with the process?

Speaker A: No. No.

Speaker D: Okay, so when you create the cases, you. I think there are multiple options. One, three options are. I mean one of them is call. Another one is to. Sometimes they will give you an option to chat. Sometimes they will just ask you to send an email. And if you. In case you don't see an option to call, then you have to choose different issues so that they actually let you call them. So you may need to explore some options there so that you get the option to call them. That's how it works.

Speaker C: That's when you put in a case because who's put in the. So are you familiar with where you're going, Annabelle? Or does show. Have need to show us on the screen?

Speaker A: No, I have to try that because I'm not. I've not called them for anything. Like I have reverted back to them on chat where I get response for a specific case. For example, if they have highlighted an issue Right, Yeah. So then I have reverted back to them and then I get a reply back. But I haven't initiated a case as such.

Speaker C: Right, well, can we look at what the process is? Because yeah, at the end of the day we need somebody to have a conversation with a human, like an actual conversation about it. Because this is starting to get rid. Like this is ridiculous.

Speaker A: So I can actually see, let's say if I'm going to seller central and if I go to Canada. So let's say if I go to that SKU that got alerted and see if I'm able to directly go to raise a ticket from there. Inventory, manage all inventory.

Speaker D: You know what Anubhav, Give it a try later maybe and then if you cannot figure it out, let me know. I can probably walk you through the process.

Speaker A: Okay, yeah,

Speaker C: reading.

Speaker B: Is it true? So show him. Just to be clear, you have to go through raise the ticket and then because when I Google like Amazon seller phone number there, everyone's saying there isn't one. You have to go through seller central.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, they will call you back.

Speaker D: We cannot call them. I mean, yeah, they will call you and then you have to receive it.

Speaker A: Let me try to see, find out a way if I can directly reach out to them. If not, I'll try to see if I am able to raise a ticket.

Speaker C: Well, it sounds like you have to raise a ticket to make a phone call happen, right? Yeah. Alicia, can you guys connect on the process to get somebody on the phone? Yeah, like literally somebody needs to be told. This has been now 18 months of issues and we have tried several things. We need someone to offer a solution or a reason why what's happening so we can come up with one that works. Yeah.

Speaker B: Right. Okay.

Speaker A: Talking about the next sku which is

Speaker C: our

Speaker A: variety pack, Roasted chickpeas variety pack. So we are sitting on close to 200 units of stock and my recommendation was to send another 60 here.

Speaker C: Okay, which one is that?

Speaker A: That's a three pack fava chickpeas variety.

Speaker B: Okay, Chickpeas, right.

Speaker A: So chickpeas variety. Even though I know the numbers included and units sold has the prime days number included on them. But it won't hurt, right, to send just 60. And for a two pack Camelina oil. So this is something which I'm a bit confused on, like how detrimental is my planning to go by the numbers in last 30 days for this SKU. So I have like 170 units sold last month and we are sitting, including the one that we are planning to ship out. I'M planning to ship out one pallet next week. So including that, I'll have 263 units in Amazon. So should I send one or two more pallets next? That is my conundrum. A confusion I would say is that

Speaker C: Prime Days numbers there show home. Like the dashboard is not updated for me. I can't see any numbers so I have no visibility into what's happening.

Speaker A: Yeah, I couldn't see it as well.

Speaker D: Oh, I'm sorry about that. In that case I'll have to check. But it was.

Speaker C: I'll have to. Brittany, I might need you to. Or Annabelle, I might just. I'm gonna have to get in the Amazon back end and start looking at things because. Yeah, yeah, I need the information sent in advance and show home. We spent a lot of work on this dashboard. I need it updated. Like I have no information coming into these meetings, guys. And then we just spend an hour having the same conversations about the same challenges. There needs to be touch points in between these meetings too. On the five liter. It's an issue. It's a high revenue item that is like literally softened our Amazon sales across the board the last 18 months. So we need to get a little scrappier and grittier and prioritize these things and move things along. So. But yeah, I'll have to get into the back end of Amazon so that I can get the information that I need to help progress these conversations.

Speaker A: Yeah. So do we have a suggestion on.

Speaker D: Yeah, so you know what, so you're suggesting that we send 192 units. That would mean how many in total? 263. Plus 190.

Speaker A: Plus 192.

Speaker D: Yeah, so that's about. Yeah, we can definitely do that because recently I see that the volume has picked up even after Prime Day. So without the influence of Prime Day, we are going to do about 167 units if this rate continues.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So I'll just freeze that number and then add to my list. Should we just review again on this 15 grams next to go?

Speaker D: You have any concerns about sending more

Speaker A: or not 15 grams?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: About sending more or just.

Speaker D: No, we are not going to send any more as of now.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. And, and one last question. Soham is I'm still waiting for my last shipment to be delivered to Amazon for the stickered bags like for FNSQ stickered bags where we made sure that none of the bags were left unstickered. So I'm just waiting to see what comments do I get on them. But for now we are still using a space which is different than the barcode space which is pre printed on the back because our barcode is still at the very bottom. And we still feel that it will be subject to more aberration because it is the. It is more curved area where scanning could be an issue because it's not printed right.

Speaker B: It's a.

Speaker A: It's a label after all.

Speaker C: So have you sent in a shipment since that audit that you did annabe and kind of cleaned up that process a little bit. Has a shipment been received since then? No.

Speaker A: So I'm just waiting.

Speaker C: Okay. So you're just. Yeah.

Speaker A: So if I get a flag then we have to change our sticker positioning and see how it goes. Noticed.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And is there a way like are we able to claim any freight charges back from Amazon for those UPS shipments? If it is getting marked as unfulfillable or we just let it go.

Speaker D: Well, so if it was defective that we could. But if it is unfulfill. Sorry, if it is. If it was damaged then we could. But if it is defective, that's how they're. If they're. That's how they're defining it then it's almost like saying the mistake is on our end. We are sending the wrong products in the wrong way.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay, sweet. So let's not recall that Soham. Unless I get hold of someone in Amazon and then we both can touch base to see what could be our next possible action steps.

Speaker D: Sure.

Speaker A: Okay. That's it from my side team. And do you, do you have anything

Speaker C: you're all good on the US stuff. Amazon.

Speaker A: Oh, sorry, I didn't discuss. Sorry, my bad. Okay. So yeah. So for power means variety pack. My suggestion was to send another 50 units.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker C: That's the 28 gram or the fifth.

Speaker A: This is fava beans variety pack. 140 grams.

Speaker C: Oh the fava beans. Yeah. Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Like we are currently planning to send 48 but even that delivery will take some time right. To reach. So let's say a couple weeks. So I definitely think that we should send 50 more.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Then snacks to go 15 grams. I. I don't personally feel we should be sending anything unless you guys think otherwise.

Speaker D: No, I think it's okay.

Speaker A: Okay. Two pack oil just to keep the numbers running bit nicely. I'm thinking of just sending 30 more units.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: But I think the numbers are pretty fine. Right. Like I shouldn't be bothered about stock out situation at this stage. Like I'm already sending 60 units. Next. Early next week and then 30 more.

Speaker C: All right.

Speaker A: And then for new snacks to go, 28 grams. I don't see any traction. So I don't think we need to plan any inventory on this one.

Speaker C: We only sold four. Where is that item on your. Again, I don't have the sales in front of me, so how many.

Speaker D: You know what, I think you should have it right now. There was one minor date adjustment error. So you should have the data on both marketplaces now. Just one unit in August and 14 units in July.

Speaker C: Okay. That's the 28 gram US.

Speaker D: That's 28 gram US.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: So it is trending. It is going moving.

Speaker A: So we have 83 units available as of now.

Speaker C: Okay, you're fine. An above. Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: And then on Chickpeas variety pack we are healthily stocked again. So I'm not worried about this skill at all.

Speaker C: Yeah, perfect. Okay. Yeah, let me know what you learn about that phone process. Annabav. And if. Yeah, again, because I'm even just recalling back, like way back. Like I don't know if you're with us when Heather and Rasheem worked with us, but they were on the phone all the time with Amazon so there's definitely a way.

Speaker D: Yeah, well, the process generally would be he will be able to talk to somebody, but then they will forward the case to their internal team, which is again good. Through email.

Speaker C: Right? Yeah. Well, and again, it probably just sounds. Sometimes these things you verbally discuss with someone and then how they communicate it to their internal team is probably better said of like how it's coming from an internal, coming from a colleague and coming with like a better understanding of what the issue is from Amazon perspective.

Speaker D: Yeah. And also I'll tell you this, it really depends on the person you speak with. Sometimes you will end up getting connected with someone really helpful. Sometimes they don't even care. So it may take multiple trials on our end.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: And if you get someone really helpful, ask them for their cell phone number.

Speaker B: Can you go imagine,

Speaker C: let's say how do I contact you specifically and directly all the time?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. If you need them. No, I think, I don't think you need the notes, but they're in our marketing team notebook if you do. Okay.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, thanks.

Speaker C: Thanks Annabelle.

Speaker A: Bye.

Speaker B: Bye.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay, so yeah, so maybe I know we just have the 30 minutes or two show home so I want to just give it to you on just anything sort of advertising wise updates, what's working, what's not. I know you had some concerns about the buy box that Flicked off. So just anything on the sales engine. Sales and marketing engine. And then just the last ten minutes of this, I want to just show a plan that Lindsay and Brittany and I kind of just started drafting together about updating all the assets on Amazon to the rebrand and making sure that everybody's aligned on what they need to do when they need to do it by. And then just try to mitigate any disruption with Amazon specifically. So. Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay. So I. I'd like to talk about the promotional dates that are coming up. We have set up promotions for this month for the 18 pack. I know Brittany also need to know the date so that we can send out some emails if that is an option. So for 18 count, the new snack to snack to go, we are running the promo on August 11th between 7:50am and 7:50pm PDT. So

Speaker C: lightning deal.

Speaker D: The lightning deal, yes.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: It's only 12 hours. Okay.

Speaker D: And for the 30? For the 30 count, we are. Sorry, did you want to say something?

Speaker B: Sorry, I was just looking what day of the week that was.

Speaker C: Keep going.

Speaker B: Sorry. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker D: All right. For the old snack to go, the 30 count one, we are running a base deal for a week between August 11th and August 17th.

Speaker B: Okay, good to know.

Speaker C: And which one's that for?

Speaker D: That one is for the old stack to go.

Speaker C: Okay. The 15 gram kit.

Speaker B: Okay. And even posting to not just for your knowledge, I don't think I'll send an email, but this would be great to put on stories because my fear with an email is people don't check until the next day and then the lightning gill is gone. Right. But I'll be posting two socials.

Speaker D: Got it.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker D: All right. And for the rest of the year, this is also something we wanted to discuss. How we can plan the. A promotional plan for the rest of the year. And a lot of events are upcoming. So for September we are of course doing. Oh no, for September we are. We don't have much happening in September, so we can do lightning deals for just 12 hours for both of these queues in September. And then for October we have Fall prime day happening. So we will not do anything else. Just participate in Fall Prime Day and November and December. So November end and December beginning Black Friday, Cyber Monday. And if we want to do something for the holidays, before the holidays, mid December, that is also another option. So these are the things I'd like to talk about, which ones you would be okay with doing and schedule them ahead of time. Okay.

Speaker C: And so for the September lightning deals, are you kind of basically Just asking how many.

Speaker D: You would be okay with running 20% discount for both of these queues in Canada for 12 hours. Basically an approval from you for both

Speaker C: of the snacks to goes. Yeah. Yes you can. I'm thinking. Brittany, you know where these should be added is our marketing promo calendar. Your digital promo calendar. We should make an Amazon line and just plot what show homes for sure. And then October, do you know the prime dates for October show home?

Speaker D: It hasn't been declared yet. No, we don't know the dates yet.

Speaker C: Okay,

Speaker B: and are you thinking oil at some point too, or just the snacks to Goes?

Speaker D: Well, for the fall prime days, these key events, we can participate with three products. But other than that, for example, in September, the lightning deals, we can just do it with the snack. Okay. So.

Speaker C: In the November, you need to plan that out right now, like November, the Black Friday. Do you automatically just become part of that or do you have to.

Speaker D: No, we have to participate. So on Amazon it's a, they look at it, It's a Turkey 5 event. So there are three things going on. Right. One would be the Thanksgiving. Right, Thanksgiving. And then Black Friday, Cyber Monday. And between these, between, I think before and after. So they, they run an event. Amazon run an event for a, for all these five. Well, three events and then before and after. So five events in total. So we, we have that option to participate in all five. But if we don't want to stretch the duration that much, we can just participate in these days. Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay, well, let's talk about that. But I don't know if we have to do all five.

Speaker D: But we definitely know. I, I think.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.

Speaker D: All right. So that's about that. And then the forecast adjustment, I think that's something that I, we are supposed to review because it looks like the 30 count snack to go in Canada has started slowing down. And

Speaker C: so tell me about that show home like so. Because the assumptions on that is potentially the new one. Probably stealing some share. Maybe. But have you slowed any spend on that item? Have you changed or pivoted? It's all the same.

Speaker D: Okay, okay, so here's what I've done regarding the allocation. Right now most of our spend is going towards the 18 count, the new one. And for the old snack to go, we have increased it slightly. So before we were spending around 9%. Now we are spending about 12% of the revenue on the old snack to go. Okay, yeah. But my assumption is there are a few reasons. First of all, just after the prime day, there was a slowdown. In traffic that's temporary and we have launched a new product so I believe some of our old repeat purchasers, repeat customers, they have switched to the new one. And another thing that I showed last week, I mean two weeks ago to Britain you was how the sales volume trend is during this time of the year and generally it slows, it slows

Speaker A: down

Speaker D: until the end of the year with an exception just for this this time around or back to school.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. Okay. So you're saying you want to soften the 15 gram snacks to go a little bit from. I'm just trying to pull up what we have in here. So you have about four moving into about 1400amonth, 1450amonth. Maybe you want to soften that back down a little bit.

Speaker D: Yeah. Hopefully the black back to school event will help. So.

Speaker C: Yeah. And so maybe like 1100, 1200 is probably more accurate. Like you're already at, you're at 90 already in August but that's pretty soft. So I'll maybe just update it in here while I'm in here.

Speaker B: Forecast.

Speaker C: Oh maybe just soften it to 1100amonth and right now show home for the rest of the year.

Speaker D: Probably. Yeah, even 1100 maybe a little bit too much because December probably is the slowest month. Surge volume, if you look at the surge volume. But yeah, probably a thousand in December. But we also have to be mindful about the.

Speaker C: Actually might need you to do it because for some reason I can't, I can't type in that line right now. I don't know if that's my computer or if there's some read only that

Speaker D: I'm on or something should be able to do it.

Speaker C: Okay, I'll put it in.

Speaker D: Take care of it.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker D: All right. So that is pretty much it from my end. We can discuss about the advertising data and that's what I would like to take some time, I mean take some time to discuss. So probably let's do that in our next meeting in two weeks.

Speaker C: Okay. And that's where you pull that report of like keyword terms, any pivots that you've made in your spending, that kind of thing like that.

Speaker D: The current strategy. Yeah, the current strategy. What we have done so far and what do you think we should test next? All of those.

Speaker C: Yeah, that will be perfect. So I'm just going to pull this up. So one of the big projects, so first big project has been. We've rationalized in a big way and we've launched the new Variety pack and we are definitely I think seeing all of that shake out in terms of where volumes and assumptions are landing and in what products are doing what, I'm really hoping we can figure out that 5 liter Camelin oil thing because literally that could be a very significant revenue driver. It is our only revenue behind that item right now. So we definitely need to push really hard to figure out what the hell is going on. And even before we just disco and start from scratch, we still need to know why even their courier couldn't deliver that item. There's something bigger going on than just damage.

Speaker D: Okay, so one thing about this product, can we try to package it

Speaker C: differently?

Speaker D: Different way so that. Yeah, it's safer to ship.

Speaker C: It's different damage. Yeah. I've made a note to just take a look because I don't know, Brittany, when we. I made. I've made a look. I've made a note to go physically, look at how they're packing it for Amazon versus how it's even being packed on our Shopify. Because, yeah, those boxes are not that strong shipping on their own. And it depends on how sensitive Amazon is to, like, what is damage? Like, like, what is damage is, like it's. Is it significant or is it like the box is bent a little bit? Right. So, yeah, because it is a big jug of oil. So I can see maybe they're a little hypersensitive to any sort of damage. So, yeah, I'll take a look at that Show Home, because that's kind of where my head is going. But there's got to be something else if it's not that. It's just weird because like you said, it doesn't say damage. It says unfillable, effective. And literally, to Annabel's point, we shipped that in the exact way for like a couple years with no issues. And then just all of a sudden. Right, all of a sudden there were issues. Yeah. Super weird. Okay, so this is sort of just a new sort of planning template that we move through Show Home when we sort of basically start, like what we would call, like a mission, like a project and a team around that project to make sure that everybody is aligned on what is the absolute expectation? What are some things that we need? Who's accountable for what things? In what timelines do these things need to happen? And you know, what are all the things that could go wrong that we just want to make sure we think about and we plan for? And so basically, this is the launch, the rebrand on Amazon pages. Can we just have the two right now? So updating our Amazon pages and storefront. I guess I should say actually A plus content too, like all content on both Canada and the USA to reflect the new branding and the rationalized portfolio while ensuring no fulfillment disruption in transition. November 1st. I'm putting November 1st because it's the best assumed date we have right now of when we will be shipping new branded bags, like when the product will be in production of the new branded bags in the second. And so I guess is that very clear to you? Show Home. In terms of we're updating all of our content, including our product pages and everything, we're focusing just on the items we rationalize down to. We need to clean up our storefront, optimize our A plus content. So this is the time to do that, to start building out our content wish list. What photography do we need? What design do we need? All of that. So adopting lessons from the past. This is what we call just basically saying like what are all the things we need to think about or people we need to talk to or lessons learned from the past. So what we thought was one thing is just so it doesn't feel so overwhelming. The first step we should do is delete product pages that will not be part of this. There are several on our storefront, for instance that exists that we can just get rid of. So at least going into it and it doesn't feel so overwhelming. So Lindsey and Brittany, we're just going to touch base with you on that show Home. Just knowing like if they go two things to learn in the back end. If they go on the storefront to like delete things, add visuals or whatever, maybe do like a tutorial learning with you on that. And then secondly is just if we delete pages on the storefront that doesn't impact anything you're doing with keywords right now and stuff. Right. Because it would really be pages that our products are not selling anymore.

Speaker D: Yeah, no, if we're not selling something, we can delete it. Yeah, it's not going to do okay.

Speaker C: Yeah. So ideally we rationalize all content on the pages of what we will not be rebuilding and then look to rebuild it. Timing of the product, images to match product warehouse is critical. So I was thinking more about this and I'm going to touch base with a few brands that have recently done just a rebrand on Amazon just to better understand like I have seen and I don't know what you've seen. Show home. Some products sometimes just put a graphic up on their product pages says you will new look same Great taste. You will receive this or that. And they show an image so that Amazon is a little more forgiving on the fact that maybe it didn't look exactly like that.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: Have you seen that before? Yeah. Okay.

Speaker D: Yes, I have. So Brittany also sent me some questions and I have some examples that I can show you after maybe you are done with this entire thing.

Speaker C: Yeah, okay. That would be good. So finding some. Yeah, finding some case studies or examples of how people have managed through that is key to just one of our. Like adopt the lessons. Inventory management. So making sure our cadence of inventory that Annabelle, we actually have him bringing the information on what actual packaging is going to print and when that's going to hit production of actual Amazon things. So I'll speak with him in Demand planning about that. I said speak to a brand in here. Confirm their confirming there are no code changes. There are no NFT changes. There are no. Like there's literally it's just a design change. Because I was reflecting back on the. The issue that's maybe triggered us all a little bit in the US which was the lentil issue that they rejected because what was in the box did not match the images on the. On the product listing page. But I think the bigger image wasn't that it was Canadian, wasn't that it was US packaging in the. In the box in a Canadian image. I think the bigger image was. The issue was that the NFT were different. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker D: And that was a customer complaint. Amazon didn't recognize that on their own.

Speaker C: Okay. So it probably will probably easier to manage this transition than we think because there's no NFT changes. Like that's all the same align on three brand pages. Okay. So align on three brand pages or case studies of people that are doing it well so that when Lindsay and Brittany actually start plotting out the creative and how it will look, that we've all kind of set a standard and expectation and then Canada and the USA have the same asin. So. And I think in the past you have said show home. That is actually typical practice. Most people do that because that's why. So that's why there's Canadian images on the USA warehouse pages, Correct?

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah. So we'll have to manage that when we look at the USA photography because are we saying that all content on the USA pages is Canadian content because the product pages have to match.

Speaker D: True. Yeah. So how different will the packagings be for both marketplaces?

Speaker C: Design wise, they're the same, but NFT portion sizes are different and. Well, NFT not so here's the thing. NFT portion sizes are different and there's French on it. That's the only thing. But that's what I had to discuss with Natasha Nanaboff because what we did was the asins are married. So it's Canadian content on the US Platform. It's bilingual front of panel and it's Canadian nft. That doesn't matter operationally as long as we're sending Canadian product in the box. But it happened that one time because they sent USA product in the box.

Speaker D: Right. Well, so I'm not worried about the fringe labels. We can use that, but I'm worried about the portion control. Like portion size. If it is different, we will not be able to show that in the. On the images. Because then it will show up on both marketplaces. Yeah, yeah, that's what I'm thinking. So if we can deal with that, that one, this one issue.

Speaker C: And why is that specifically an issue? Because they received something different in the box, you mean? Or because that's where I. So the two snacks to go, for instance, because we've rationalized now we just have a few. The two snacks to go. Oh, no, they will have the same portion size actually, because they're Variety pack. Cameline oil has the same portion size. It's actually the only thing that has a different NFT is the. Is the pouch packs. Chickpea variety.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker C: So it's actually.

Speaker D: That's not even a big deal.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah. The variety packs are all the same because we're shipping absolute Canadian packaging into the US we don't have a USA Amazon one. Yeah. So that's actually less of an issue than we. But what the. Watch out. Is NFT batching show home.

Speaker B: And just to be super, super clear that this is. Because I'm like, this has to be a common issue. So I mean, and I know that ChatGPT is often wrong, but it's saying, like, is it possible that the way that we're copying over the page is what's causing the issue? Because ChatGPT is saying that the actual like image titles and bullets are actually not shared, that they operate independently. Even if they're the same asin, the images are shared.

Speaker C: They are.

Speaker D: Things are not.

Speaker B: Yeah, just the images. I'm gonna tell them you're wrong as usual.

Speaker C: And that's going. And it's the same for every country. Hey, show home. So if you set up Canadian go into the U.S. but if you set up us coming into Canada, is it different? Okay. No, same. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. So Anything else that we just sort of think of and just in terms of adopting the lessons. But it sounds like everybody's just really clear on. We want to manage inventory as close as possible. We want to make sure it's. It's communicated on the actual product pages that you might receive a look like this or a look like that. We've brand refreshed. Like it's actually advertised that we've done that. And three is just the watch out of what the image is on the product pages versus what we're shipping in the box, which is there's maybe two items that are getting U.S. packaging, but it's a Canadian image in the U.S. right now. So that is probably a bigger conversation too, even with finance and setup. Because right now, yeah, how the bombs are created in the back for like the. For the raw materials and stuff, it's picking US packaging to make the US items. So. But that's a different issue. So generating from the target backwards. So this is just sort of like a timeline and saying, hey, you know what? If we want to be ready to like, all new rebrand content is going to go live by November 20th. By November 1st, that means that in October we're staying close to our in inventory plan and we have a definitive date on when the new stuff is shipping. It means that maybe by October 13th, I might even push this up, like, because it would be a big September project. But October 13, we have aligned on the creative, the assets, the imagery, how the pages are going to look, what's going up, all the content by October 13th. And everybody says, yes, good, you can go ahead and load it in whenever you're ready to put it up. That's kind of what we're putting as that date in September. We're planning a photo shoot, like an actual product photo shoot, because obviously we'll want some lifestyle photos, some photography of the new brand and stuff. In September 20th. In September, that will also be this Will Lindsay and Brittany actually just building out every single page and coming back to you show home on like, you've already done like copy on the new listings and stuff, but it's more like, hey, here's the imagery, here's the new content. We'll follow current direction, but if we want to add something, change something or whatever, they'll build that out so that we can actually look at it. Because can you export the pages out of Amazon, show home and like work within a template or that's kind of how you've created.

Speaker D: Go ahead, Brittany. If you wanted to say Something.

Speaker B: No, sorry, I was gonna say that was one of the questions we had emailed you.

Speaker C: Okay. Yeah. So maybe go ahead on the questions actually.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Because you're probably into that. Yeah, sure.

Speaker D: Do you want to go ahead with that right now?

Speaker B: Yes, please.

Speaker D: Okay, so your questions, Britney. I see the first question was how does the actual page updating work? Do we give you the files and you swap out the images for each sku? I assume it doesn't work like a website where you can make it live when you choose. So, well, how does the product. So we are talking about the images. We can actually update it whenever we want and it takes about. It may take about 24 hours up to 24 hours. It can even happen within a few hours to show the updated images on the product detail page. And yes, I can. We can also do the updates or if you're okay with it, we can also show you how to do it and then you can go ahead and do it in the back end. Both options are open.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker D: Okay. Second one. Second one was there. There are quite a few pages on our storefront that are out already. Ours from SKUs, we have rationalized. Does removing those pose an issue for you on the back end? And can you also show us how this is done or is this something you need to do, you need to do on our end? Okay, so no, I will not have any issue if you remove or change anything in the storefront and I do think it needs to be updated. What I think will help is if we look at some best practices when it comes to storefront design, to design the homepage and also the category pages and also product specific pages and design them accordingly. You know, there are different modules that you can explore. So I think it would be best if I, first of all, if we first of all look at some examples. And then also instead of me doing this, probably it's better if you. I think Lindsay is going to be the designer. Right. So if you, if you look at the back end, there are so many different kind of modules based on the best practices. Maybe you can come up with the idea of how to actually implement it, how to actually design the storefront, because there are so many options. So I think that should be the right way of doing it rather than me specifying we need these or I mean this is how the design should look like. And then maybe at the end the implementation will not be easy if I do that.

Speaker C: So those modules, you're saying, it's almost like it's kind of saying, hey, when you go set up your product page or when you set up your storefront. These are some of the best practices and things to keep in mind. Meanwhile looking at a few brands that, that we feel have done a good job or are putting. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay.

Speaker D: Okay. So the next question is that. Could I answer your question, Britney?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And I'll just keep bothering you about that because I'm, you know.

Speaker C: So Brittany, we're gonna have to get Lindsay set up to get into Amazon as well. So it's just easier for her to just flip.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Is she already set up?

Speaker B: Okay, she's.

Speaker C: Okay, good.

Speaker D: Okay, so and this one is just

Speaker B: one that Alicia already asked. Like, do we have examples of people who transition to the new look with like both that graphic and then. Yeah, I just want to mitigate any issues. Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay, so let me share my screen. I'll show you some examples. So one example is from. I don't know why they have generic, but anyways, Archer.

Speaker C: Sorry, show home. Just one, just one question I had on here that I forgot to have. Is there a delay? So if you put up a new page, a new product in Amazon, is there disruption or a delay to your page where they have to like review it? It like goes into review for 24 hours or something before it flips.

Speaker D: Is it a new listing or old?

Speaker C: Well, it's just, it's the same ace. It's the same products, new look.

Speaker D: So it just goes live and yeah, it just. Well, they definitely have a review process, but that's mostly automated. Unless there's something some word or some imageries that goes against their policy. Which is not going to happen in our case. Okay. So no, I mean it takes up to 24 hours sometimes, you know, to publish the images in the front end. But no, there. Apart from that, there is no manual review process.

Speaker C: Okay, thanks.

Speaker D: So for the. It's. Whenever brands do update their label the products they generally have a, have an image like these. And also for the. In the bullet points, sometimes they mention it in the first bullet point or one of these bullet points. Generally it's better if they do it in the first one and then. Oh, sorry about this page. I don't think they have done a good job here. Oh no, they have. Okay. They have done something similar here. And also you will see in the first bullet point they have mentioned that it's a new look and the same product, same formula,

Speaker B: Just screenshot.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, that's great. Oh yeah. And they say new look, saying great tasting formula. Okay. And so the Old look is in the back, the new look is in the front is what they've done. And what if.

Speaker B: Because there obviously will be a transition time. So it's not just completely new look. It's also like, don't come at us if you get either. Some people just have to work on a copy. Like some, some. A concise way to say that.

Speaker C: Well. Or just how they are. Like it. Like it's this or that. Right. Like.

Speaker B: Well, I just don't want people to be mad because they're seeing the after here and then they're not going to get the after. So then they're gonna like, you know what I mean? There will be people who will complain.

Speaker C: Oh, he says it in his thing. He says you will receive one. Oh, no, I thought it was going to say you will shoot, run or the other. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: So, yeah. And also it would really. We'll have to. I mean, before updating the pictures. I mean, the timing matters here. So when exactly do we update all of these images? Maybe just before shipping the new batch. Because Amazon at the time of receiving, they will also want to match the product they're receiving with the pictures on the product page.

Speaker C: Okay. Yeah. Because then what that means show home too, is because we're keeping three months worth of inventory in Amazon. So right now we have plenty in there all the way up to the rebrand. Anything we're shipping out today is the old look.

Speaker D: Yep.

Speaker C: So maybe what we might want to do is maybe start tightening that up too.

Speaker D: So you don't want to keep according to three months.

Speaker C: Yeah, maybe. Maybe even just tighten it up to like two months or something. Right. Because then we know Amazon is going to receive and then we'll leave this, this or that photo and communication up for likely two months. Right.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: So but unless we start tightening that inventory bubble right now without making sure that we don't run out, that's just going to be a longer thing for the consumer to receive.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, sorry. That Archer example, is that currently live? Because when I'm just looking on Amazon, I can't see dot com. Not ca. Okay, I'm. I'm on dot com.

Speaker D: But you need to. Probably need to change the zip code there.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. Yeah. Change address.

Speaker D: Yeah,

Speaker C: Yeah. And again, if as long as it's properly communicated, it doesn't really matter, like you will receive this or that, and that stays up until we know it's clean cut. So whether that's two months, three months, whatever it is, it shouldn't matter. It'll be different for all items. But.

Speaker B: Can someone send me the link to that? I screenshotted it, Lindsay, in the notes. I'll send them to you. Yeah, thanks.

Speaker C: Cool. I also.

Speaker B: I took a screenshot, but I was just. Yeah, yeah, I hear you. Thanks.

Speaker C: Okay. And so just in terms of kind of next steps on kicking off this. This process, how we basically said was first and foremost for Brittany and Lindsey to kind of get their head wrapped around what it looks like in the. In the back to just go into the store and the content. I'm just going to go to our store. I don't know what the easier way.

Speaker B: Easiest way is to go. Yeah.

Speaker C: And figure. Just start rationalizing this up. Like, there are so many things that Camelina oil will obviously pretty much stay the same. But yeah, we have duplication, we have things that are deleted. And ideally, this kind of moves down to, like, there's going to be like three pages. Right. We have Camelino oil, we have on the go, and then we have other snacks, basically, like the varieties. I don't. So clean it up. And then we can start building outside. And maybe what we'll do is we could even break down the project even further. Brittany and Lindsay, where we say, hey, let's focus on product pages first because they matter most. So rationalize up the store. Take a look at the A plus content. The product pages are pretty much built show home. Like you did Camelina Oil. You did the variety packs. Like, we've barely touched the other packs, which are not super high priority. But so maybe design wise, when we start to go create, let's focus on product pages and the images that will be used there. Bring it back to one of these meetings and say, okay, is everybody happy with the product pages? Then move to A plus content. Okay, is everybody happy with A plus content? Then move to. Okay, this is how the store is gonna. Gonna look so that we're like chunking it down and we don't just say, hey, Lindsay and Brittany, go build all three things and see you on October 13th for our approvals. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. I'm gonna put that in bold. So if we're ever reviewing these notes, be like, that's. Let's not cry over it.

Speaker C: Yeah. And so right now. And just so you know, show home. So right now, a lot of Lindsey's time is on packaging and some of the sales and marketing assets for our sales team and for launching. Are you going to. Are you going to chfa Show Home Toronto? I'm sorry, chfa, do you go to that Show The Canadian Health Association.

Speaker D: I went there last year, so I'm not sure if I'll go there this year. Let's see.

Speaker C: Okay. So but we're launching the rebrand there, so that will be our first external. So Lindsay's time in August is mostly dedicated to packaging and that kind of stuff. And then this will likely be highly consuming for the month of September. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay, cool. So everybody's kind of clear on next steps. And I'll circulate that just in the email to you show home. So you have just sort of that high level timeline plan. Because the other thing that we did on this plan or what we kind of like to do is at the very end of it we kind of just say, hey, you know what, like a contingency, like what are all the things that could go wrong? And that's, you know, one of the things was. I don't know if that's even a real issue. Like Amazon just rejects all the new imaging. But I guess that would just be more for. Because we use the wrong words or false advertise something and we'd have to just remake the images, right?

Speaker D: That's right.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then the other thing we thought about like what if one item is like shipping out right away in the rebrand but all other items we have inventory of the old stock, which is a very real thing. Does that matter? And I would say likely not. If we put that you will receive this or that advert add up on the page for two months time. Right? I don't think that.

Speaker D: So please say that again regarding the timeline.

Speaker C: Yeah, so say if there's an example of snacks to go variety packs because they're higher volume items, we end up putting that we run short on an order of bags and we order the new bags on October 1st and they're in new bags by November 1st shipping. Okay, great. New look goes up but something slower like the variety pack of 120 gram chickpeas is still in the old design because we have a bunch of bags and we don't want to like eat that cost. So we're still using old bags of that. But because the website we're not going to do one page at a time in the rebrand, we're just going to do the whole thing. So one item is shipping an old brand, one item is shipping a new brand is kind of what I was saying here.

Speaker D: Well, different skus. So no, I don't think they will be. They will impact each other.

Speaker C: Yeah, well, they wouldn't Impact each other. But I'm saying when we put these up on the website, every product page, the full storefront, everything is new look. But what's in the box shipping is based on what we have in inventory.

Speaker D: Yes.

Speaker C: So the new look might be on the website and the old look is shipping in the box.

Speaker D: Yeah, that's right.

Speaker B: That's.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: And that's. That we're saying is taken care of by having this or that photo on the website. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker D: Yes.

Speaker C: Okay. And then I just had content gap in photo lifestyle shots on new brands. So this was one of those things of like, oh, you know, what if we have all the graphic design done in September, but it's taking longer to get the photography up. But this is more just like, what if we don't get all the content that we want up at the same time? We can still upload photos later. It doesn't really matter.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker C: Yeah. And then one thing to keep in mind is that the Camelina oil is not rebranded right now. It's staying the same. That'll be 20, 26 or December maybe. Like that'll be the last thing that we look at to rebrand. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker D: Awesome. Yeah.

Speaker C: All right.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: So, yeah, Brittany and Lindsay, you guys will discuss and connect on the back end stuff there and rationalizing the store and then. Yeah, just let me know what kind of deadline you select for yourselves to just have that one thing done. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: All right, so you know what? So let's discuss the action step. For me, for me, it would be for the storefront. I'll have to send some example examples and also probably have to catch up again with Brittany and Lindsay about the best practices and also probably walk you through the back end if that's necessary. That's what I have to do from my end. Is that right?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker C: I'm going to put that in here too. So I'm going to say. Yeah, bye. I'll just say you guys will have to connect at least within the next. Before our next call for our night, like, to at least connect. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah, I'll circulate this around so you have it show home and I'll maybe break this out with just a few more specifics and names beside things so you can be really clear about what I have to do and when I have to do it in order not to hold anything up. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker D: Awesome.

Speaker C: Okay, Perfect. All right. Thank you, everybody. Yeah.

Speaker B: Thank you, Shah.

Speaker D: Thank you. Yeah.

Speaker C: Have a great luck.

Speaker D: You too.

