Transcript for: Recording__251.mp4
Title: Recording #251
============================================================

You mentioned that phrase there, so I didn't understand how that works. So I wanted to know about it. You mentioned that you will be making a video. But if we can discuss it here, that's okay. Yeah, no, let's just do it right here. No, it's. I got sick after the last live stream and then last week the, the Internet went out on me. So yeah, here we are. When I say catching overflow purchases, here's. Here's the trade off between the platforms that you have to understand. Okay. When. And you're. Because I'm keeping it in context so I can remember properly. We're talking about expanding your agency. Right? Exactly. Yes. Okay. So here's the deal. If I'm already selling on my own website or on Shopify or something of that variety. Okay. Do you understand why I would choose that platform first? Because you will have the customer data and then you can work with that later on. I have many, many, many more channels and tools that I can, that I can use to make that all work much better. And that's the trade off. And I actually, I did a recent video about this. I think I saw that you liked the preview of the new format. Yeah, yeah. That's actually in there and I've already shot it so I can send this over to you as well. But basically it's like this. You have pros and cons of each side. The pros of a marketplace platform like an Amazon or Etsy or something like that is there's no user experience you have to build. Yeah. You just plug the crap in and it puts it up there for you. There's. There's no real way you have to deal with it. Right. However, what do you lose out on? I don't get to contact the customer. My ads are not effective at all because I can't have the two way data conversation for something like Facebook ads or even Google Ads for that matter. I can't set up a Google shopping or performance max campaign. Can't do any of that. And the amount of money people are spending on Amazon wouldn't even buy the doorknob on the house. For the scale of spend compared to what people are spending on Facebook and Amazon or Facebook and Google to scale. Does that make sense? So the clients that you have that are dealing with Amazon, what's an average daily budget for someone with an Amazon business? Depends on the company size. I. For me until now, on average it's like 20,000, 25,000amonth. Yeah, 25,000amonth is about $1,000 a day? Yeah. Less than that. Yeah, that's, that's very, very beginner in Facebook. And that's the thing though is if you're dealing with Amazon, that's a lot on Amazon. That's like, that's a whole lot. But the problem is that you're limited by that and you're dealing with hijackers and you're dealing with copycats and you're dealing with increasing Amazon fees or at random, they'll, they'll crunch your logistics or you get a wild complaint from a bad actor competitor and they'll take you right down. So the other side of that is why someone would choose Shopify plus on Shopify as an example website, you do Woocommerce, you can do all kind of things. But just saying Shopify as an example, I would start on Shopify because I don't have to capitalize my products before I test them, right? So I can, I can, I can set up a landing page. I can even have people to where they can check out even if I don't have a product yet. Right. All I have to do is say, hey, wait a minute, we ran out of stock and refund all the money. But I've validated that idea before. I've invested into manufacturing as an example, right. Okay. I can follow people with ad with abandoned cart flows. I can do post purchase flows. I can email people and fix reviews. I can use reviews in multiple different ways. I can manipulate the user experience. I don't have all of the other people advertising around my products on the site. So there's a million different ways. The thing is, when I say catch the overflow purchases, here's what I mean. If I'm running ads to my Shopify store, I have people that are going to add to cart and leave, and add to checkout and leave. Start that process. Right? Here's how this works. If I can test 30 or 40 or 50 different SKUs, let's say I can always test examples. I can test all these extra ideas, right? Yeah. Okay. Let me find my big winners. The things that are like, okay, I have these 10 items that I've tried. These other two over here, they're really taken off. They're standing out. Cool. I would order those quantities deeper. Send some of the deeper quantities up to Amazon. Okay. Because now when people abandoned cart or abandoned checkout, all I gotta do is say, hey, now I can leverage Amazon as a convenience and as a trust factor to the people that already have shown me high intent. So I get a higher Conversion rate. That's how you do that. You say, okay, you have these people that are coming back into your email, but maybe they're not converting as much because it's your store versus an alternative say on Amazon, now that they're aware that something like that exists. So instead I would say, okay, get it for a few dollars cheaper. Get it in two days through the prime program, check out on our Amazon store. Okay, whoa. Now I'm sending people to the Amazon site. I'm leveraging that trust factor and that convenience factor. I'm leveraging a tiny little discount just as a, you know, something. But I'm sending external traffic to Amazon for full price conversions on the Amazon platform now. That's right. Whoa. Yeah, whoa. Time out. That's hugely different. Plus, if I have my website, I can bundle things to get people involved. You've seen me talk about customer acquisition versus profit centers, so you know that kind of idea. Well, if I can bring people in at scale, lead magnets, social media content, I can bring in thousands of people. But okay, if I want to send them somewhere as they cycle through, I can leverage Amazon as they flush out the winners for me. Plus, depending on how they interact with my advertisements, depending on how they interact with my lander, I can now optimize that language, send that up to Amazon too. And so anybody that abandons cart abandons checkout, that kind of thing. Usually your abandoned carts are, you get 25 to 30% of people that visit your site might add to cart. You might only get a 3 to 4% conversion rate on the site. But if I get 20 to 25% of people, as an example, that are going to add to cart, I'm going to follow up with them. 10 to 20% of those people are coming back via email. Can I get that number to 30 or 40% if I use go to Amazon or I make a custom audience out of those people with a Reach campaign. And a reach campaign on Facebook means get this in front of as many people as possible, as many times as possible. I would just link it directly to Amazon because I'm not worried about the conversion data coming back. I've already got the data. Just get this in front of this group of people that have shown me intent right now in the last, say seven to 14 days, get their asses to go to Amazon. And if you really want to get yourself an Amazon attribution link so you know which ad it came from or which email it came from, so you can mark that language and say, hey, here's the boost. Yeah, easy to do that. Very easy to do that. The other thing is, guess what? Now anybody who clicks through that email as an example that abandoned checkout or abandoned cart and wanted to go to Amazon, I not mark them in my email segmentation and say the, these are, these are my Amazon people. Find me more people like this. Find me more people like that. Yeah, that's a good one. Yeah. So you can use that data and find yourself more people who are likely to do that. Talk to those people, say, okay, if they bought, if they didn't buy, something about this made them want to go to Amazon. What about this language? What about this benefit? What about these outcomes I'm talking about here that they didn't buy over here but they will buy on Amazon? Okay, can I use these people to create a lookalike pool for a brand awareness campaign for, for a brand lift campaign? You know what I mean? Yeah, like that's what I mean. So I can bring in as many people as I want because Amazon is one way in. I gotta get to the website. Amazon's not a content site. I can't run, I can't. I don't have socials and all the other crap on Amazon. But when people go to Amazon, they're not browsing. They know what they want, so they've gotten the information from somewhere else. So I can do organic Amazon to where if they type it in, I can show up. But also ppc. And that's really the main driver of everybody's sales. Yep. Okay, so if that's the extent of my top of funnel to get people their attention on Amazon, but everywhere else I have, you know, you've been with me since the beginning, so you know, I talk about all these other top of funnel assets. Yeah, okay, well, how many people can I bring in that way? I mean, really, here's the thing, here's what people don't know about even with an Amazon affiliate account, okay? I'm just selling affiliate products. If I create an email newsletter in a niche, say hunters, survival people, whatever, okay, maybe if I spend, say $5 a head to get qualified people on my email newsletter, okay, and I sell affiliate products, would you spend $200,000 in capital to get 40,000 good people on that email list? I would. Every single day that I'm alive that I could. You know why? Because at that point it becomes a million dollar a year email list like that without thinking about it. So even with just that, if we're not doing that, what are we doing? Whoa. I Have a friend of mine, he's a huge advertiser, much, much bigger than me. Spends like a billion. Like a billion dollars every few years on. On Facebook ads. It's so dumb. And it's mostly app installs and that kind of thing, but he's like, have you ever watched, like YouTube and seen your favorite YouTuber say, War Thunder, like this game that they're all advertising or whatever? You know what I'm talking about? He's the schmuck behind the Facebook ads that get people to install all that crap. Right. So, I mean, it just. How much money can you spend to get people to buy crap in game? It's kind of like printing money. But what he did recently, he and I were working on a Canva hack and that was actually what I posted. I think it was last night. Yeah. It's so good. I saw it. I've used it over the last two weeks and I'm. Oh, my God, talk about speeding things up. Holy crap. It took like what used to take me weeks of graphic design and making everything just so. Because, I mean, the ideas are easy, but organizing them and getting that Canva hack done. Oh, man. It took me some time to deep dive into Canva to make it work, but he's done that too. What he did is he scraped all of the reviews on this Amazon client that he had. That's what you're trying to do. They have an outside stuff, but they have an Amazon presence. Yes. Okay. But it's a beginner Amazon presence. So he scraped the space for the. For the reviews of similar products. Right. Created a word bank, sorted it out. Okay. And then went back through and made 600 different headlines and copies. Bits of body copy. Just variants. Just variants. It's called Franken phrasing. As an example, I was doing some print on demand stuff yesterday and I had to have some text And I used four phrases and made like 80 different product SKUs. Just mix and matching them. Yeah, I know. It's only. It's. It's in. In sets of like 12 to 15 is what I did. Okay. But you get the point. So it's like, it's only like if. Okay, if I use this phrasing and I made a set of like 15 different phrases out of these four or five components, can I change one of those variables out and that becomes the next set. Does that make sense? So it's. No, it doesn't, Stephen. No, it doesn't. It's like this. If I have five fingers. Yeah. But I have a blue Thumb over here, and then I have a red and then I have a yellow. I can make a set of normal. Yes. I can swap out just the thumb. And now it's four normal plus a blue thumb. It's like that. Okay. Switched out a component and multiplied how many sets I had to try as new SKUs. Okay, testing. This is how you can test 10 to 15 different SKUs a week. Because you're just changing out one or two or three little components about it because, you know you're getting close to a bullseye. So Stephen, this was. Let me. Let me go back. Okay, okay. What he did, he and I were working on the Canva hack. He set up a video template in Canva. Okay. And he tagged the headline and he tagged the body and did that little thing that I did. He's like, dude, you just saved me like a month at the keyboard because now we have like 600 different video ads we can try. I'm like, huh, off you go. That'll do. But that's what I mean. So now I can scale all of that. I can test all of these angles that you can't test with just PPC campaigns. But if I can acquire all those people. Okay, as you're aware, I talk about the buyer's journey. Not everybody's ready to buy right now. If they are cool, maybe we go to Amazon. But if not, email, socials, a page, something. Give me something where I can incubate these people and then move chunks of them forward. Because I'm going to make an offer every week or two. Even if it's Amazon only you say, do you have a list? You're not making enough money. Let me add the Amazon component for you. Sure, but. Okay, how can I. All I want you to do is you just gotta diagram out here's where Amazon can benefit you and then make yourself a list of recipes. Soham. That's all you gotta do. How would email +Amazon work? Exactly? That's what I was trying to determine. That's what you're trying to figure out? Yeah. Can you click on that? You just need. You just need those recipes from me, that's all. Yeah. Can you click on the link that I sent you in the email? Yeah. And I gotta leave in just a second and switch cameras. Okay. I gotta pick up my daughter. So we're. Switch cameras in just a second. Sure. Okay. All right. Yeah, yeah, I got your. Your deal here. Let me. Let me zoom out. Yeah. So you have quite a bit going on here. Okay. Yeah, Most of them are Kind of Amazon centric. But then below that, I have tried to do something for emails. I couldn't come up with many topics. Okay, I need some help. Yeah, that's. That's not a problem. All right, what we're going to do, what we're going to do. Let me write this down, because this is my. You're the first person up this week, so you get my full attention. First out, this is what we're gonna do. I'm gonna make it easy for you. Okay, what you're looking for, and I'm glad we're recording this, if they have blank, Amazon would be the amplifier to that. Here's how. That's it. If they have an email list. How would Amazon benefit somebody with an email list if they're not already using Amazon in a big way? Or if they have Amazon? How do we get them to making a niche email newsletter so we can bring in more people for cheap? Because as an agency, you're going to track cost per lead. Yeah, yeah. What if we could make that less expensive via email? Okay. Don't run Facebook ads, don't run Google Ads. Just offer the people that are in your Amazon spaces the ability for you to set them up a niche newsletter. Because I got that workflow coming. That's one of the next ones I'm putting out. Right. So what you should do is you should steal that damn thing. You should say, okay, if I have an Amazon client, for an extra fee of blank, blank, blank, we will set you up a niche newsletter like this. Here's the workflow that you need to maintain it. And then here's how we're going to run lead magnets on Facebook ads for a dollar or $5 a day to add people to your email list. And in the welcome sequence, we can offer them your Amazon product. That's it. That's all you gotta do. So you know how I talked, and like I said, you've been with me from the beginning. So you know how I talk about lollipop markets. Yes. All right. Right now, your lollipop is Amazon Sellers corporate clients. I know, but that's what you want to go to. That's the next lollipop you want, right? Yeah. But right now you're Amazon Sellers. That's the agent. That's the people you're servicing now with your agency, right? Not really. Right now I really have corporate clients and I need more. Oh, so, okay, I misunderstood that. I thought you were servicing Amazon clients and you wanted to go to corporate clients. The clients that I have There they also have retail presence, so Costco, Walmart. Okay, well, that's different. That's different. So here's what you need to do. You need to analyze what they're already doing. Okay. In terms of are we doing, how much are we spending on Google, what's your cost per lead and what's the conversion? How much are we spending on Facebook, what's your cost per lead and what's your conversion? Okay, now, from there, here's where I could do better with X percentage of spend by getting you on Amazon with these ad. Ad campaigns. That's it. That's what I would do. Because that's what they're really going to want to know is if I'm already running other advertising channels, how would getting on Amazon in a bigger way, shifting some of my spend to Amazon, benefit the bottom line overall? There you go. So as an example, if I were spending, say 5,000 a day on Facebook, 2,000 a day on Google, and none on Amazon, you might say, hey, you're doing well. You got $7,000 a day in advertising going on. But if you spent $1,000 a day on Amazon, it would mean another 15% for the profitability of your bottom line. Here's the campaigns I'm thinking about for you. Whoa, you got my attention. Holy shit. Does that make more sense, Stephen? It makes sense, but I need to know how it actually works because I have no idea. When you say, like, it will help them increase their bottom line, I don't know how that would happen. All right, time out, time out. Then what services are you providing then? Just Amazon ads. That's what I'm saying. Can you not do a, a, a cost and, and best guess, here's. If you spend this much, typically that's what I'm going to see in the space as a return on ad spend. Okay. That if you wanted me as a client and I said, okay, if I give you $1,000 to spend on ads or 5,000 or $10,000 to spend on ads, what am I going to get in return for that, typically that you have seen in this space with this average order value. Hmm. That's what you need to present. That's a basic cost analysis. Right. Okay. Do you not know how to pull that up and figure that out? I mean, you are talking about roas and all, I believe. Right. I don't know. Yeah, I know how to pull that out. But question here is this. You said, Amazon, we're going to leverage Amazon to gain even, even more profit for them. Yeah. Now And I need to figure out how it's going to work with the other efforts that they're already putting in. Okay. All right, I'll answer that for you. That's very easy. Ready? Okay. If I spend $1,000 on Facebook ads, and I spend $1,000 on Amazon ads, those are even right now then, right? In theory, yep. Okay, if my cost per lead is $5 or, sorry, is $10 on Facebook, let's say for the thousand dollars I've spent, I got a hundred leads, right? Yes. Okay, what if it's $5 on Amazon? I got 200 leads. That's the problem. I mean, on Amazon, you don't know when you do know with AMC and all the new two brands. So that trackability is not that, you know, clear. You cannot identify the unique customers. So I cannot say this is cost per lead on Amazon. I know there are ways. I'm working on that, but I don't have a way right now. Okay, well, then what you need to do is to be able to say on products like this, with this average order value or in this space, this is about the volume we're seeing once things are optimized. Or these would be the numbers we are shooting for. If you're spending $10 per lead on Facebook ads, I would love the opportunity to see if we can get that not only to save $5 on Amazon, but instead of doing a 4 or 5% conversion on Facebook, can we get you to a 15% conversion on Amazon? Whoa. Or even if it's the same cost per lead, if I'm set. If. Okay, let's say. Let's say I have a product paying $10 per head to get people in, and I have a 4% conversion rate on my Shopify store. So for every hundred people I'm bringing in, I'm getting four sales. Okay, sure, right. And if I'm spending $10 per lead, I better be a damn good product. All right? I mean, we're talking. We're talking 200, 300 AOV. Okay, for. For a big one. But what if it's the same aov, but you can triple my conversion rate just because it's Amazon? That's hard. Numbers you could show me. I might even be willing to pay a little more per lead on Amazon because I know I'm going to make more money. Off you go, you can say, okay, well, your ad costs are this. And fulfillment is this. I'm wrapping all that up because this is about what it's going to be on Amazon. So now you can see on Amazon, if you spend this much, if we're converting at this level, even if we're, we're at the same cost per lead, this is how much more money you would make at this spend level. Comparatively. You take what they're already doing and you say, if we could do this, if we could do that, if we could do this, this is what it would mean for you. And they would say, well, shit, maybe I can't give you $10,000 right now, but I'm willing to gamble 2000. Let's see what you got. Yeah. And if the 2000 works, great, even if we're breaking even, have more money, let's see if we can press the button a little harder. Got it. Okay. That's how you do it. Yeah. You say, hey, this is working for you. But I see an opportunity that you don't see because of my expertise. Here's the comparative analysis, right? If you're eating this Apple and it's costing you $5 per apple, you might eat this apple and get $7 back out. Yep, yep. Whoa. That's how you get corporate clients. That's how you get people's attention to get them to go to Amazon. Even if you don't have the data yet, you present. This is what we're looking at. This is what I'm seeing. I would like the opportunity to see if I can do that for you. That's how you go about it. Because if they're already scaling, they need more places to spend more money, period. That's the thing that you got to realize. The Amazon mindset is very scarcity mindset. I got to be careful about how much I spend because I got it. You know, the platform is limited, but once you figure out I'm going to at least break even on customer acquisition and I'll get repeat clients or bigger bundles for profitability. In Facebook ads world. I'm not looking to profit immediately on my advertising. It might take me 30 days because I'm going to bring somebody back in, give them an upsell and give them a bundle, then I know I can be profitable. Once I do that, oh my God, give me more places to spend money. Right. I'm angry if I can't spend $10,000 a day. Yeah. Once you get going and things kind of work on Facebook, it's very normal to see people spending three or four or $5,000 per day. Wow. Okay. That's normal for a decent sized business. That's pretty normal. If I want to bring home half million dollars in My pocket, I'm going to probably spend about 100 grand a month. Okay. Yeah, that's what I mean. See how your face would. Holy shit. Yeah, but at the same time, okay, if I know I'm going to make that money back every 30 days at least, or I'm breaking even on ads. Well, the 3,000, 4,000 I spend today, I pay off the credit card and I'm going to spend the same amount of money tomorrow. But it's the same money I'm spending. I'm washing it over and over again. Yeah. At the end of the week, yeah, I might have spent 15 or $20,000, but it's really the same 3 or $4,000 I spent every day. Because I'm breaking even. I'm getting new customers. And for every, say, hundred customers I bring in, they're bringing the 10 that are going to buy two or three items with them. Right, Right. Yeah. Right. Yeah, that. And so it's not a, it's not a game of how many units can I move, it's how many customers can I buy because the little fish caused the big fish to come with them. Right. That's the game. It's a totally different game. And that's what I mean by, with your corporate clients, if you're already fishing like this, if I can do this for you, you get this many more fish. Is that, isn't that worth the conversation? That is, yeah, that's. But that, but that's how you, that's how you present it to somebody. I noticed you're already doing this. You're doing this on socials, you're doing this on email, you're doing this on Facebook, I imagine. You know, I've looked at your store. Maybe your cost per lead is this. You know, on Amazon, we typically see conversion rates like this, which probably triple or better what they already have going on. I, I was thinking if we can even match your cost per lead right now, even with all the Amazon fees and like that, I mean, you're, you're missing another 10 grand a month at this spend level. Whoa, you got my attention. If I say yes to you, and, and let's figure out the experiment, maybe it takes two or three months of breaking even, but beyond that, we got it dialed in. And just by saying yes to you and shifting a little bit of resources, I get another ten grand a month. Yeah. That's the mentality you're actually dealing with. Right. Take what I'm doing already because I'm watching the machine. And if you see something I can do better. You're hired. Got it. Okay. Okay. Does that make more sense? That definitely makes sense. I know you said that you have to switch, but I do have some follow up questions. Okay. Okay. Do you, do you want to, you want. Let me go ahead and get moving. Okay. And I'll, I'll log in and, and we'll keep going. Sure. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I'm gonna leave. I'll be right back. Okay. All right. So. All right, I'm back. Hey, Steven. Is it safe to talk now? Yeah. That's good. Yeah, you're good. Okay, so you know what? Now you gave me some nice concepts, like nice way of talking, nice ideas, I would say, when it comes to comparison between other marketing channels versus Amazon. Now I wanted to ask you some questions about how they can work in concert with each other. So you already gave me some ideas. What I just said is how. That's, that's, it's, it's the same answer. It's the exact same answer. Because you've listened to me long enough, you know that what I'm going to talk about is outcomes, right? What do business people at scale that have an E commerce store, what do they want? There's a reason I'm spending money on Facebook ads or social media or Google or SEO or an agency or staff or software or whatever. And that's because for every dollar I spend there versus spending it somewhere else, I'm going to make more money. Exactly. Okay, so now here's what I want you to think about. Here's what I want you to think about. Yeah, son, that would be very good. Go on, I got you. Go ahead, son. So, yeah, you're good. What I want you to think about, let's say I had $3,000 a day to spend, Right? You with me? Yeah. Okay. If I were spending $2,000 on Facebook ads, 500 on Google and 500 on email, but that's the best I could figure out in terms of I would love to spend more because the more I spend, the more I make, right? Yes. But that's all I've been able to figure out as a good placement for my money to get the return I'm looking for. Does that make sense? Yeah. Okay, so what you do is you say, hey, I notice you're spending 3,000 and 2,000, that's on Facebook. If we split that and you went 1500 on Facebook and you started with 500 on Amazon. If I got you this kind of return on the 500, let's say, is a day On Amazon. Right. Which is half of what you said you were spending with bigger clients anyway, right? Yeah. Okay. If you spent 500 of that a day on Amazon, I could get you this kind of return with that kind of profitability and an extra channel playing in concert to take advantage of brand lift. When someone sees some of those Facebook and Google Ads or even an email, do you think that would allow you to maybe spend even deeper customer acquisition overall? Maybe having more profitability on Amazon because of the extra lift on Facebook or in your email or in Google? Now, that's opening you up to having new ways to spend even more profitably. Because Amazon fits in. You leverage the benefits of it. It can add to the scalability of profit. Right. Now, here's something. If I said yes to you, and you could get me, say, for the $500, maybe net, full net, another 500 a day in my pocket. Right? Okay. Well, you know what that just did for me as far as working in concert, and I. I think you're still recording, right? Yeah, I am. Okay, good. Now, I'm not thinking, oh, well, you got another $500 a day in your pocket. Yay. No, that's another $500 I can spend on my customer acquisition campaigns on Facebook. I can be more aggressive and get even more customers in. Right. Okay. So the shift in mentality is not. I need the maximum multiple return on the money I'm spending for ads. That's an Amazon kind of thing. Yes. Right. Yeah. What we're really looking for is the person who can afford to spend the most per lead wins. Mm. Okay. Because here's the deal. If across all of my channels, I can afford to spend $20 per head to bring someone in, okay, sure. Well, that means for every hundred dollars I spend, I'm going to get five people in my pipe. Right. Better, you know, clean it up beyond that. But if you can afford to spend. If you can afford to spend a hundred dollars per lead, well, now, let's say the lead costs $25, not your full hundred. I'm out of the water. I can't do that. My business is gonna die at that. Yeah, but for you, you're like, well, give me a break. I got. I got. I'm printing money at that. So even. Even increasing from my $25, if. Or, sorry, my $20, let's say you can increase the amount I can spend because you're so profitable for me on Amazon. Right. Let's say you can increase it 20%. Oh, now I can afford $25 per customer. Whoa. Timeout. Whoa. Time out. Now, Instead of spending $2,000 a day on Facebook, I can. I can spend 2500 to 3000, because I know I can spend a little more per head to bring more people into my system. You've just made my fishing net bigger. So now instead of a hundred new people a day, I might be bringing 150 people a day. And remember, all those people coming in are bringing the bigger fish with them. So by saying yes to you, maybe I'm not worried about scaling deep on Amazon, but what that's allowing me to do is instead of bringing five big fish per day into my system, now I'm bringing eight. Because I said yes to you. Got it. Okay. That's how it all works together. That makes sense to me. Okay, awesome. Wonderful. Now, I have. I have some information. It's a sliver from a book, so I'll have to, like, PDF part of it over. Right. But this is what you will need. Okay. And I'll send it over and you'll read it, and you'll go, oh, okay, I see what he's talking about. Okay. All right. So you can. You can stop the recording now because we've gotten everything sorted. Okay. We're not going crazy as far as detailing your computer. Yeah, there you go. What I want you to do is send me over an email. Okay. And I want you to send me an email with just this in the body. Send me. Ask me to send you the acquisition versus profit explainer. Okay. Because that. I'll pull that out of some of the information I have. And when you have it in front of you, because it's kind of like an excerpt from a book. Right. When you have that in front of you, you'll go, okay. Yeah. No matter what channels we use, this is the real goal we're trying to deal with. Because there's, like, charts and tables and, like, it actually explains it. If we do this, this is what we get. If we do this, this is what we get. And then you can use that as your model when you're pitching clients. Yeah. Okay, Stephen, I get that. I appreciate that. Now, that's about pitching my clients. This is very good, by the way. If I ever get opportunities to talk to these kind of clients, this would really help. Now, about content marketing, because I'm not very familiar with the email marketing, and I watched your module, by the way, and it's awesome. I love how detailed this is. Now, I also need to know about Facebook ads and Google Ads, everything, how they work, so that I can talk to my people. Okay? Now, well, here's what I want you to do first. Here's what I want you to do first. Everything I just told you is what people want, okay? Right now, that's how that. You don't need to go super deep on understanding all their other garbage, okay? You don't need to worry about that. Okay? There's a guy right now in the marketing world named Alex Hormozi, and he regurgitates the same crap that all of us who know the fundamentals understand. But this is one of his big things, okay? Okay. It's being able to spend an infinite amount of money on customer acquisition because you understand how you're going to break even. And then it's just, how do we arrange the channels so I can spend deeper and bring more people on board? Okay. Most people on Amazon, think, how many units can I sell a day? Nope, that's not what I want. How many customers can I buy per day? Okay. How many customers can I buy per day? Am I bringing 50 new people into my world or am I bringing 500 people into my world on my first touch product? All right, in the email I want you to send me, ask me to send you the, the. Sorry, Stephen, I. I couldn't hear you here. Okay, just give it a second email to me. You got the first part you want. Give it a second. Maybe the network is bad. The second part, right? Yeah, all good. I can hear you. Yeah, give it a try. Okay. All right. So you know the first part of the email you need to ask me for, right? Yes. Okay. The second part, ask me to send you the unlimited funding video. Okay? Awesome. Okay, I'll do that. Because the way Alex talks about it in selling people extras at a gym, you'll understand everything I talked about. And my man, that is all the content marketing you need for your agency to get in front of people and get them to come to you. Okay? Period. Okay. That's it. Okay. Because what we're doing with your content to get people to come to you, because your content should be a lead magnet and a pre sales campaign for your services always. If it's not that we're wasting our time, what I want you to do is if we position you as someone who can expand by using Amazon to allow them to be more aggressive on their customer acquisition, you are now the wizard of the world. Everyone's going to need your magic. Got it? Period. So all we have to do is make them aware that you can do that. Because basically what I just said is if they get involved in Amazon and you can run better numbers for them there, you essentially are giving them more money to spend on buying new customers for all of their offers, no matter the channel, you're the unlock to higher funding levels. Does that make sense? Yes, it does. It does. Yeah. That's how you do it. So that's the content you're gonna need. You don't have to understand because now I understand your business better. Before, I had a different, like, picture of what it was, but now that we've had this talk, this is like a great, great thing. This is actually pretty easy. What I want you to do, send me the email asking for those two things, I'll get them over to you, and then you and I can figure out how to start with the content train, like in the content video I put up last night as an example. And we can get you all over LinkedIn, we can get you on Instagram, we can get you all, all kind of places that will actually bring you people who are E commerce sellers that don't know that if they say yes to doing things with you, it will unlock their customer buying ability. And what that means is they can scale faster and harder overall. Got it. Okay. Makes sense. There you go. That's, that's the whole game. That's all you need to do. And when you, when you see the, the, the excerpt from the book and you see the video, those two things together and the recording that you already have for today, man, it's going to change your whole business. You'll understand it, you'll see it and everybody else offering Amazon services, you're gonna feel like you're in on a joke that they don't know. Mm. Okay. Yeah. It's gonna be so good. So anyway, that's what you should do. Okay, Send me that email. I'll get it over to you. Because it's just, it's just two simple things. I can get it over to you probably today. Sure. Okay, I'll do that, I'll do that and then we'll talk about more. More stuff later on. Yeah, let's get that first and then we'll do the rest. Sure. Yeah. Cool. You know, Stephen, I want to mention something since you're. We are talking about all these things I mentioned, Amazon marketing, cloud. So that one will actually help me measure this cost per lead and enable me to. So cost of acquisition, retention cost and all those things. Yeah. Oh, my God. And if you start getting that data, you make everyone who doesn't do that irrelevant as a competitor to you. They don't even exist. Yeah, they don't even exist. So there you go. I will need time, though. I'm just in the working case. Yeah, and then when. When you. When you get the resources I'm going to send you, it will make sense of what data you're looking for. Anyway, it's going to be easy for you to automate. Okay. Sounds good to me. All right. Yeah. Thank you so much. Thank you so much for jumping on. Yeah. We're seeing you soon. Yeah. Bye now. All right, bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: You mentioned that phrase there, so I didn't understand how that works. So I wanted to know about it. You mentioned that you will be making a video. But if we can discuss it here, that's okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, no, let's just do it right here. No, it's. I got sick after the last live stream and then last week the, the Internet went out on me. So yeah, here we are. When I say catching overflow purchases, here's. Here's the trade off between the platforms that you have to understand. Okay. When. And you're. Because I'm keeping it in context so I can remember properly. We're talking about expanding your agency. Right?

Speaker A: Exactly. Yes.

Speaker B: Okay. So here's the deal. If I'm already selling on my own website or on Shopify or something of that variety. Okay. Do you understand why I would choose that platform first?

Speaker A: Because you will have the customer data and then you can work with that later on.

Speaker B: I have many, many, many more channels and tools that I can, that I can use to make that all work much better. And that's the trade off. And I actually, I did a recent video about this. I think I saw that you liked the preview of the new format.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: That's actually in there and I've already shot it so I can send this over to you as well. But basically it's like this. You have pros and cons of each side. The pros of a marketplace platform like an Amazon or Etsy or something like that is there's no user experience you have to build.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: You just plug the crap in and it puts it up there for you. There's. There's no real way you have to deal with it.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: However, what do you lose out on? I don't get to contact the customer. My ads are not effective at all because I can't have the two way data conversation for something like Facebook ads or even Google Ads for that matter. I can't set up a Google shopping or performance max campaign. Can't do any of that. And the amount of money people are spending on Amazon wouldn't even buy the doorknob on the house. For the scale of spend compared to what people are spending on Facebook and Amazon or Facebook and Google to scale. Does that make sense? So the clients that you have that are dealing with Amazon, what's an average daily budget for someone with an Amazon business?

Speaker A: Depends on the company size. I. For me until now, on average it's like 20,000, 25,000amonth.

Speaker B: Yeah, 25,000amonth is about $1,000 a day?

Speaker A: Yeah. Less than that.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's, that's very, very beginner in Facebook. And that's the thing though is if you're dealing with Amazon, that's a lot on Amazon. That's like, that's a whole lot. But the problem is that you're limited by that and you're dealing with hijackers and you're dealing with copycats and you're dealing with increasing Amazon fees or at random, they'll, they'll crunch your logistics or you get a wild complaint from a bad actor competitor and they'll take you right down. So the other side of that is why someone would choose Shopify plus on Shopify as an example website, you do Woocommerce, you can do all kind of things. But just saying Shopify as an example, I would start on Shopify because I don't have to capitalize my products before I test them, right? So I can, I can, I can set up a landing page. I can even have people to where they can check out even if I don't have a product yet.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: All I have to do is say, hey, wait a minute, we ran out of stock and refund all the money. But I've validated that idea before. I've invested into manufacturing as an example, right.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: I can follow people with ad with abandoned cart flows. I can do post purchase flows. I can email people and fix reviews. I can use reviews in multiple different ways. I can manipulate the user experience. I don't have all of the other people advertising around my products on the site. So there's a million different ways. The thing is, when I say catch the overflow purchases, here's what I mean. If I'm running ads to my Shopify store, I have people that are going to add to cart and leave, and add to checkout and leave. Start that process. Right? Here's how this works. If I can test 30 or 40 or 50 different SKUs, let's say I can always test examples. I can test all these extra ideas, right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Let me find my big winners. The things that are like, okay, I have these 10 items that I've tried. These other two over here, they're really taken off. They're standing out. Cool. I would order those quantities deeper. Send some of the deeper quantities up to Amazon. Okay. Because now when people abandoned cart or abandoned checkout, all I gotta do is say, hey, now I can leverage Amazon as a convenience and as a trust factor to the people that already have shown me high intent. So I get a higher Conversion rate. That's how you do that. You say, okay, you have these people that are coming back into your email, but maybe they're not converting as much because it's your store versus an alternative say on Amazon, now that they're aware that something like that exists. So instead I would say, okay, get it for a few dollars cheaper. Get it in two days through the prime program, check out on our Amazon store. Okay, whoa. Now I'm sending people to the Amazon site. I'm leveraging that trust factor and that convenience factor. I'm leveraging a tiny little discount just as a, you know, something. But I'm sending external traffic to Amazon for full price conversions on the Amazon platform now.

Speaker A: That's right.

Speaker C: Whoa.

Speaker B: Yeah, whoa. Time out. That's hugely different. Plus, if I have my website, I can bundle things to get people involved. You've seen me talk about customer acquisition versus profit centers, so you know that kind of idea. Well, if I can bring people in at scale, lead magnets, social media content, I can bring in thousands of people. But okay, if I want to send them somewhere as they cycle through, I can leverage Amazon as they flush out the winners for me. Plus, depending on how they interact with my advertisements, depending on how they interact with my lander, I can now optimize that language, send that up to Amazon too. And so anybody that abandons cart abandons checkout, that kind of thing. Usually your abandoned carts are, you get 25 to 30% of people that visit your site might add to cart. You might only get a 3 to 4% conversion rate on the site. But if I get 20 to 25% of people, as an example, that are going to add to cart, I'm going to follow up with them. 10 to 20% of those people are coming back via email. Can I get that number to 30 or 40% if I use go to Amazon or I make a custom audience out of those people with a Reach campaign. And a reach campaign on Facebook means get this in front of as many people as possible, as many times as possible. I would just link it directly to Amazon because I'm not worried about the conversion data coming back. I've already got the data. Just get this in front of this group of people that have shown me intent right now in the last, say seven to 14 days, get their asses to go to Amazon. And if you really want to get yourself an Amazon attribution link so you know which ad it came from or which email it came from, so you can mark that language and say, hey, here's the boost. Yeah, easy to do that. Very easy to do that. The other thing is, guess what? Now anybody who clicks through that email as an example that abandoned checkout or abandoned cart and wanted to go to Amazon, I not mark them in my email segmentation and say the, these are, these are my Amazon people. Find me more people like this. Find me more people like that.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's a good one.

Speaker B: Yeah. So you can use that data and find yourself more people who are likely to do that. Talk to those people, say, okay, if they bought, if they didn't buy, something about this made them want to go to Amazon. What about this language? What about this benefit? What about these outcomes I'm talking about here that they didn't buy over here but they will buy on Amazon? Okay, can I use these people to create a lookalike pool for a brand awareness campaign for, for a brand lift campaign? You know what I mean? Yeah, like that's what I mean. So I can bring in as many people as I want because Amazon is one way in. I gotta get to the website. Amazon's not a content site. I can't run, I can't. I don't have socials and all the other crap on Amazon. But when people go to Amazon, they're not browsing. They know what they want, so they've gotten the information from somewhere else. So I can do organic Amazon to where if they type it in, I can show up. But also ppc. And that's really the main driver of everybody's sales.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: Okay, so if that's the extent of my top of funnel to get people their attention on Amazon, but everywhere else I have, you know, you've been with me since the beginning, so you know, I talk about all these other top of funnel assets. Yeah, okay, well, how many people can I bring in that way? I mean, really, here's the thing, here's what people don't know about even with an Amazon affiliate account, okay? I'm just selling affiliate products. If I create an email newsletter in a niche, say hunters, survival people, whatever, okay, maybe if I spend, say $5 a head to get qualified people on my email newsletter, okay, and I sell affiliate products, would you spend $200,000 in capital to get 40,000 good people on that email list? I would. Every single day that I'm alive that I could. You know why? Because at that point it becomes a million dollar a year email list like that without thinking about it. So even with just that, if we're not doing that, what are we doing? Whoa. I Have a friend of mine, he's a huge advertiser, much, much bigger than me. Spends like a billion. Like a billion dollars every few years on. On Facebook ads. It's so dumb. And it's mostly app installs and that kind of thing, but he's like, have you ever watched, like YouTube and seen your favorite YouTuber say, War Thunder, like this game that they're all advertising or whatever? You know what I'm talking about? He's the schmuck behind the Facebook ads that get people to install all that crap. Right. So, I mean, it just. How much money can you spend to get people to buy crap in game? It's kind of like printing money. But what he did recently, he and I were working on a Canva hack and that was actually what I posted. I think it was last night. Yeah. It's so good.

Speaker A: I saw it.

Speaker B: I've used it over the last two weeks and I'm. Oh, my God, talk about speeding things up. Holy crap. It took like what used to take me weeks of graphic design and making everything just so. Because, I mean, the ideas are easy, but organizing them and getting that Canva hack done. Oh, man. It took me some time to deep dive into Canva to make it work, but he's done that too. What he did is he scraped all of the reviews on this Amazon client that he had. That's what you're trying to do. They have an outside stuff, but they have an Amazon presence.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Okay. But it's a beginner Amazon presence. So he scraped the space for the. For the reviews of similar products. Right. Created a word bank, sorted it out. Okay. And then went back through and made 600 different headlines and copies. Bits of body copy. Just variants. Just variants. It's called Franken phrasing. As an example, I was doing some print on demand stuff yesterday and I had to have some text And I used four phrases and made like 80 different product SKUs. Just mix and matching them. Yeah, I know. It's only.

Speaker C: It's.

Speaker B: It's in. In sets of like 12 to 15 is what I did.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: But you get the point. So it's like, it's only like if. Okay, if I use this phrasing and I made a set of like 15 different phrases out of these four or five components, can I change one of those variables out and that becomes the next set. Does that make sense? So it's.

Speaker A: No, it doesn't, Stephen. No, it doesn't.

Speaker B: It's like this. If I have five fingers.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: But I have a blue Thumb over here, and then I have a red and then I have a yellow. I can make a set of normal.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: I can swap out just the thumb. And now it's four normal plus a blue thumb. It's like that.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Switched out a component and multiplied how many sets I had to try as new SKUs.

Speaker A: Okay, testing.

Speaker B: This is how you can test 10 to 15 different SKUs a week. Because you're just changing out one or two or three little components about it because, you know you're getting close to a bullseye.

Speaker A: So Stephen, this was.

Speaker B: Let me. Let me go back.

Speaker A: Okay, okay.

Speaker B: What he did, he and I were working on the Canva hack. He set up a video template in Canva. Okay. And he tagged the headline and he tagged the body and did that little thing that I did. He's like, dude, you just saved me like a month at the keyboard because now we have like 600 different video ads we can try. I'm like, huh, off you go. That'll do. But that's what I mean. So now I can scale all of that. I can test all of these angles that you can't test with just PPC campaigns. But if I can acquire all those people. Okay, as you're aware, I talk about the buyer's journey. Not everybody's ready to buy right now. If they are cool, maybe we go to Amazon. But if not, email, socials, a page, something. Give me something where I can incubate these people and then move chunks of them forward. Because I'm going to make an offer every week or two. Even if it's Amazon only you say, do you have a list? You're not making enough money. Let me add the Amazon component for you. Sure, but. Okay, how can I. All I want you to do is you just gotta diagram out here's where Amazon can benefit you and then make yourself a list of recipes. Soham. That's all you gotta do. How would email +Amazon work?

Speaker A: Exactly? That's what I was trying to determine.

Speaker B: That's what you're trying to figure out?

Speaker A: Yeah. Can you click on that?

Speaker B: You just need. You just need those recipes from me, that's all.

Speaker A: Yeah. Can you click on the link that I sent you in the email?

Speaker B: Yeah. And I gotta leave in just a second and switch cameras.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: I gotta pick up my daughter. So we're. Switch cameras in just a second. Sure. Okay.

Speaker C: All right.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, I got your. Your deal here. Let me. Let me zoom out. Yeah. So you have quite a bit going on here. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, Most of them are Kind of Amazon centric. But then below that, I have tried to do something for emails. I couldn't come up with many topics.

Speaker B: Okay, I need some help. Yeah, that's. That's not a problem. All right, what we're going to do, what we're going to do. Let me write this down, because this is my. You're the first person up this week, so you get my full attention. First out, this is what we're gonna do. I'm gonna make it easy for you. Okay, what you're looking for, and I'm glad we're recording this, if they have blank, Amazon would be the amplifier to that. Here's how. That's it. If they have an email list. How would Amazon benefit somebody with an email list if they're not already using Amazon in a big way? Or if they have Amazon? How do we get them to making a niche email newsletter so we can bring in more people for cheap? Because as an agency, you're going to track cost per lead. Yeah, yeah. What if we could make that less expensive via email? Okay. Don't run Facebook ads, don't run Google Ads. Just offer the people that are in your Amazon spaces the ability for you to set them up a niche newsletter. Because I got that workflow coming. That's one of the next ones I'm putting out. Right. So what you should do is you should steal that damn thing. You should say, okay, if I have an Amazon client, for an extra fee of blank, blank, blank, we will set you up a niche newsletter like this. Here's the workflow that you need to maintain it. And then here's how we're going to run lead magnets on Facebook ads for a dollar or $5 a day to add people to your email list. And in the welcome sequence, we can offer them your Amazon product. That's it. That's all you gotta do. So you know how I talked, and like I said, you've been with me from the beginning. So you know how I talk about lollipop markets.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: All right. Right now, your lollipop is Amazon Sellers

Speaker A: corporate clients.

Speaker B: I know, but that's what you want to go to. That's the next lollipop you want, right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: But right now you're Amazon Sellers. That's the agent. That's the people you're servicing now with your agency, right?

Speaker A: Not really. Right now I really have corporate clients and I need more.

Speaker B: Oh, so, okay, I misunderstood that. I thought you were servicing Amazon clients and you wanted to go to corporate clients.

Speaker A: The clients that I have There they also have retail presence, so Costco, Walmart.

Speaker B: Okay, well, that's different. That's different. So here's what you need to do. You need to analyze what they're already doing. Okay. In terms of are we doing, how much are we spending on Google, what's your cost per lead and what's the conversion? How much are we spending on Facebook, what's your cost per lead and what's your conversion? Okay, now, from there, here's where I could do better with X percentage of spend by getting you on Amazon with these ad. Ad campaigns. That's it. That's what I would do. Because that's what they're really going to want to know is if I'm already running other advertising channels, how would getting on Amazon in a bigger way, shifting some of my spend to Amazon, benefit the bottom line overall? There you go. So as an example, if I were spending, say 5,000 a day on Facebook, 2,000 a day on Google, and none on Amazon, you might say, hey, you're doing well. You got $7,000 a day in advertising going on. But if you spent $1,000 a day on Amazon, it would mean another 15% for the profitability of your bottom line. Here's the campaigns I'm thinking about for you. Whoa, you got my attention. Holy shit. Does that make more sense, Stephen?

Speaker A: It makes sense, but I need to know how it actually works because I have no idea. When you say, like, it will help them increase their bottom line, I don't know how that would happen.

Speaker B: All right, time out, time out. Then what services are you providing then?

Speaker A: Just Amazon ads.

Speaker B: That's what I'm saying. Can you not do a, a, a cost and, and best guess, here's. If you spend this much, typically that's what I'm going to see in the space as a return on ad spend.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: That if you wanted me as a client and I said, okay, if I give you $1,000 to spend on ads or 5,000 or $10,000 to spend on ads, what am I going to get in return for that, typically that you have seen in this space with this average order value.

Speaker A: Hmm.

Speaker B: That's what you need to present. That's a basic cost analysis.

Speaker A: Right. Okay.

Speaker B: Do you not know how to pull that up and figure that out?

Speaker A: I mean, you are talking about roas and all, I believe. Right. I don't know. Yeah, I know how to pull that out. But question here is this. You said, Amazon, we're going to leverage Amazon to gain even, even more profit for them.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Now And I need to figure out how it's going to work with the other efforts that they're already putting in.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: All right, I'll answer that for you. That's very easy. Ready? Okay. If I spend $1,000 on Facebook ads, and I spend $1,000 on Amazon ads, those are even right now then, right? In theory, yep. Okay, if my cost per lead is $5 or, sorry, is $10 on Facebook, let's say for the thousand dollars I've spent, I got a hundred leads, right?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Okay, what if it's $5 on Amazon? I got 200 leads.

Speaker A: That's the problem. I mean, on Amazon, you don't know when you do know with AMC and all the new two brands. So that trackability is not that, you know, clear. You cannot identify the unique customers. So I cannot say this is cost per lead on Amazon. I know there are ways. I'm working on that, but I don't have a way right now.

Speaker B: Okay, well, then what you need to do is to be able to say on products like this, with this average order value or in this space, this is about the volume we're seeing once things are optimized. Or these would be the numbers we are shooting for. If you're spending $10 per lead on Facebook ads, I would love the opportunity to see if we can get that not only to save $5 on Amazon, but instead of doing a 4 or 5% conversion on Facebook, can we get you to a 15% conversion on Amazon? Whoa. Or even if it's the same cost per lead, if I'm set. If. Okay, let's say. Let's say I have a product paying $10 per head to get people in, and I have a 4% conversion rate on my Shopify store. So for every hundred people I'm bringing in, I'm getting four sales. Okay, sure, right. And if I'm spending $10 per lead, I better be a damn good product. All right? I mean, we're talking. We're talking 200, 300 AOV. Okay, for. For a big one. But what if it's the same aov, but you can triple my conversion rate just because it's Amazon? That's hard. Numbers you could show me. I might even be willing to pay a little more per lead on Amazon because I know I'm going to make more money. Off you go, you can say, okay, well, your ad costs are this. And fulfillment is this. I'm wrapping all that up because this is about what it's going to be on Amazon. So now you can see on Amazon, if you spend this much, if we're converting at this level, even if we're, we're at the same cost per lead, this is how much more money you would make at this spend level. Comparatively. You take what they're already doing and you say, if we could do this, if we could do that, if we could do this, this is what it would mean for you. And they would say, well, shit, maybe I can't give you $10,000 right now, but I'm willing to gamble 2000. Let's see what you got. Yeah. And if the 2000 works, great, even if we're breaking even, have more money, let's see if we can press the button a little harder.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay.

Speaker B: That's how you do it.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: You say, hey, this is working for you. But I see an opportunity that you don't see because of my expertise. Here's the comparative analysis, right? If you're eating this Apple and it's costing you $5 per apple, you might eat this apple and get $7 back out.

Speaker A: Yep, yep.

Speaker B: Whoa. That's how you get corporate clients. That's how you get people's attention to get them to go to Amazon. Even if you don't have the data yet, you present. This is what we're looking at. This is what I'm seeing. I would like the opportunity to see if I can do that for you. That's how you go about it. Because if they're already scaling, they need more places to spend more money, period. That's the thing that you got to realize. The Amazon mindset is very scarcity mindset. I got to be careful about how much I spend because I got it. You know, the platform is limited, but once you figure out I'm going to at least break even on customer acquisition and I'll get repeat clients or bigger bundles for profitability. In Facebook ads world. I'm not looking to profit immediately on my advertising. It might take me 30 days because I'm going to bring somebody back in, give them an upsell and give them a bundle, then I know I can be profitable. Once I do that, oh my God, give me more places to spend money.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: I'm angry if I can't spend $10,000 a day. Yeah. Once you get going and things kind of work on Facebook, it's very normal to see people spending three or four or $5,000 per day.

Speaker A: Wow. Okay.

Speaker B: That's normal for a decent sized business. That's pretty normal. If I want to bring home half million dollars in My pocket, I'm going to probably spend about 100 grand a month.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's what I mean. See how your face would. Holy shit. Yeah, but at the same time, okay, if I know I'm going to make that money back every 30 days at least, or I'm breaking even on ads. Well, the 3,000, 4,000 I spend today, I pay off the credit card and I'm going to spend the same amount of money tomorrow. But it's the same money I'm spending. I'm washing it over and over again.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: At the end of the week, yeah, I might have spent 15 or $20,000, but it's really the same 3 or $4,000 I spent every day. Because I'm breaking even. I'm getting new customers. And for every, say, hundred customers I bring in, they're bringing the 10 that are going to buy two or three items with them.

Speaker A: Right, Right.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker C: Yeah, that.

Speaker B: And so it's not a, it's not a game of how many units can I move, it's how many customers can I buy because the little fish caused the big fish to come with them.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: That's the game. It's a totally different game. And that's what I mean by, with your corporate clients, if you're already fishing like this, if I can do this for you, you get this many more fish. Is that, isn't that worth the conversation?

Speaker A: That is, yeah, that's.

Speaker B: But that, but that's how you, that's how you present it to somebody. I noticed you're already doing this. You're doing this on socials, you're doing this on email, you're doing this on Facebook, I imagine. You know, I've looked at your store. Maybe your cost per lead is this. You know, on Amazon, we typically see conversion rates like this, which probably triple or better what they already have going on. I, I was thinking if we can even match your cost per lead right now, even with all the Amazon fees and like that, I mean, you're, you're missing another 10 grand a month at this spend level. Whoa, you got my attention. If I say yes to you, and, and let's figure out the experiment, maybe it takes two or three months of breaking even, but beyond that, we got it dialed in. And just by saying yes to you and shifting a little bit of resources, I get another ten grand a month. Yeah. That's the mentality you're actually dealing with.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Take what I'm doing already because I'm watching the machine. And if you see something I can do better. You're hired.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay. Okay.

Speaker B: Does that make more sense?

Speaker A: That definitely makes sense. I know you said that you have to switch, but I do have some follow up questions.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Do you, do you want to, you want. Let me go ahead and get moving.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And I'll, I'll log in and, and we'll keep going.

Speaker A: Sure. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, I'm gonna leave. I'll be right back.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker C: So. All right, I'm back.

Speaker A: Hey, Steven. Is it safe to talk now?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: That's good.

Speaker C: Yeah, you're good.

Speaker A: Okay, so you know what? Now you gave me some nice concepts, like nice way of talking, nice ideas, I would say, when it comes to comparison between other marketing channels versus Amazon. Now I wanted to ask you some questions about how they can work in concert with each other. So you already gave me some ideas.

Speaker C: What I just said is how. That's, that's, it's, it's the same answer. It's the exact same answer. Because you've listened to me long enough, you know that what I'm going to talk about is outcomes, right? What do business people at scale that have an E commerce store, what do they want? There's a reason I'm spending money on Facebook ads or social media or Google or SEO or an agency or staff or software or whatever. And that's because for every dollar I spend there versus spending it somewhere else, I'm going to make more money.

Speaker A: Exactly.

Speaker C: Okay, so now here's what I want you to think about. Here's what I want you to think about. Yeah, son, that would be very good. Go on, I got you. Go ahead, son. So, yeah, you're good. What I want you to think about, let's say I had $3,000 a day to spend, Right? You with me? Yeah. Okay. If I were spending $2,000 on Facebook ads, 500 on Google and 500 on email, but that's the best I could figure out in terms of I would love to spend more because the more I spend, the more I make, right?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker C: But that's all I've been able to figure out as a good placement for my money to get the return I'm looking for. Does that make sense?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay, so what you do is you say, hey, I notice you're spending 3,000 and 2,000, that's on Facebook. If we split that and you went 1500 on Facebook and you started with 500 on Amazon. If I got you this kind of return on the 500, let's say, is a day On Amazon. Right. Which is half of what you said you were spending with bigger clients anyway, right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. If you spent 500 of that a day on Amazon, I could get you this kind of return with that kind of profitability and an extra channel playing in concert to take advantage of brand lift. When someone sees some of those Facebook and Google Ads or even an email, do you think that would allow you to maybe spend even deeper customer acquisition overall? Maybe having more profitability on Amazon because of the extra lift on Facebook or in your email or in Google? Now, that's opening you up to having new ways to spend even more profitably. Because Amazon fits in. You leverage the benefits of it. It can add to the scalability of profit. Right. Now, here's something. If I said yes to you, and you could get me, say, for the $500, maybe net, full net, another 500 a day in my pocket. Right? Okay. Well, you know what that just did for me as far as working in concert, and I. I think you're still recording, right?

Speaker A: Yeah, I am.

Speaker C: Okay, good. Now, I'm not thinking, oh, well, you got another $500 a day in your pocket. Yay. No, that's another $500 I can spend on my customer acquisition campaigns on Facebook. I can be more aggressive and get even more customers in.

Speaker A: Right. Okay.

Speaker C: So the shift in mentality is not. I need the maximum multiple return on the money I'm spending for ads. That's an Amazon kind of thing.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: What we're really looking for is the person who can afford to spend the most per lead wins. Mm.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Because here's the deal. If across all of my channels, I can afford to spend $20 per head to bring someone in, okay, sure. Well, that means for every hundred dollars I spend, I'm going to get five people in my pipe.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker C: Better, you know, clean it up beyond that. But if you can afford to spend. If you can afford to spend a hundred dollars per lead, well, now, let's say the lead costs $25, not your full hundred. I'm out of the water. I can't do that. My business is gonna die at that. Yeah, but for you, you're like, well, give me a break. I got. I got. I'm printing money at that. So even. Even increasing from my $25, if. Or, sorry, my $20, let's say you can increase the amount I can spend because you're so profitable for me on Amazon. Right. Let's say you can increase it 20%. Oh, now I can afford $25 per customer. Whoa. Timeout. Whoa. Time out. Now, Instead of spending $2,000 a day on Facebook, I can. I can spend 2500 to 3000, because I know I can spend a little more per head to bring more people into my system. You've just made my fishing net bigger. So now instead of a hundred new people a day, I might be bringing 150 people a day. And remember, all those people coming in are bringing the bigger fish with them. So by saying yes to you, maybe I'm not worried about scaling deep on Amazon, but what that's allowing me to do is instead of bringing five big fish per day into my system, now I'm bringing eight. Because I said yes to you.

Speaker A: Got it.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: That's how it all works together.

Speaker A: That makes sense to me. Okay, awesome. Wonderful.

Speaker C: Now, I have. I have some information. It's a sliver from a book, so I'll have to, like, PDF part of it over. Right. But this is what you will need. Okay. And I'll send it over and you'll read it, and you'll go, oh, okay, I see what he's talking about. Okay. All right. So you can. You can stop the recording now because we've gotten everything sorted.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: We're not going crazy as far as detailing your computer. Yeah, there you go. What I want you to do is send me over an email. Okay. And I want you to send me an email with just this in the body. Send me. Ask me to send you the acquisition versus profit explainer.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Because that. I'll pull that out of some of the information I have. And when you have it in front of you, because it's kind of like an excerpt from a book. Right. When you have that in front of you, you'll go, okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: No matter what channels we use, this is the real goal we're trying to deal with. Because there's, like, charts and tables and, like, it actually explains it. If we do this, this is what we get. If we do this, this is what we get. And then you can use that as your model when you're pitching clients.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, Stephen, I get that. I appreciate that. Now, that's about pitching my clients. This is very good, by the way. If I ever get opportunities to talk to these kind of clients, this would really help. Now, about content marketing, because I'm not very familiar with the email marketing, and I watched your module, by the way, and it's awesome. I love how detailed this is. Now, I also need to know about Facebook ads and Google Ads, everything, how they work, so that I can talk to my people.

Speaker C: Okay? Now, well, here's what I want you to do first. Here's what I want you to do first. Everything I just told you is what people want, okay? Right now, that's how that. You don't need to go super deep on understanding all their other garbage, okay? You don't need to worry about that.

Speaker A: Okay?

Speaker C: There's a guy right now in the marketing world named Alex Hormozi, and he regurgitates the same crap that all of us who know the fundamentals understand. But this is one of his big things, okay? Okay. It's being able to spend an infinite amount of money on customer acquisition because you understand how you're going to break even. And then it's just, how do we arrange the channels so I can spend deeper and bring more people on board? Okay. Most people on Amazon, think, how many units can I sell a day? Nope, that's not what I want. How many customers can I buy per day?

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: How many customers can I buy per day? Am I bringing 50 new people into my world or am I bringing 500 people into my world on my first touch product? All right, in the email I want you to send me, ask me to send you the, the.

Speaker A: Sorry, Stephen, I. I couldn't hear you here.

Speaker C: Okay, just give it a second email to me. You got the first part you want.

Speaker A: Give it a second. Maybe the network is bad.

Speaker C: The second part, right?

Speaker A: Yeah,

Speaker C: all good.

Speaker A: I can hear you. Yeah, give it a try.

Speaker C: Okay. All right. So you know the first part of the email you need to ask me for, right?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker C: Okay. The second part, ask me to send you the unlimited funding video.

Speaker A: Okay? Awesome. Okay, I'll do that.

Speaker C: Because the way Alex talks about it in selling people extras at a gym, you'll understand everything I talked about. And my man, that is all the content marketing you need for your agency to get in front of people and get them to come to you.

Speaker A: Okay?

Speaker C: Period.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: That's it.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Because what we're doing with your content to get people to come to you, because your content should be a lead magnet and a pre sales campaign for your services always. If it's not that we're wasting our time, what I want you to do is if we position you as someone who can expand by using Amazon to allow them to be more aggressive on their customer acquisition, you are now the wizard of the world. Everyone's going to need your magic.

Speaker A: Got it?

Speaker C: Period. So all we have to do is make them aware that you can do that. Because basically what I just said is if they get involved in Amazon and you can run better numbers for them there, you essentially are giving them more money to spend on buying new customers for all of their offers, no matter the channel, you're the unlock to higher funding levels. Does that make sense?

Speaker A: Yes, it does. It does.

Speaker C: Yeah. That's how you do it. So that's the content you're gonna need. You don't have to understand because now I understand your business better. Before, I had a different, like, picture of what it was, but now that we've had this talk, this is like a great, great thing. This is actually pretty easy. What I want you to do, send me the email asking for those two things, I'll get them over to you, and then you and I can figure out how to start with the content train, like in the content video I put up last night as an example. And we can get you all over LinkedIn, we can get you on Instagram, we can get you all, all kind of places that will actually bring you people who are E commerce sellers that don't know that if they say yes to doing things with you, it will unlock their customer buying ability. And what that means is they can scale faster and harder overall.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: Okay. Makes sense.

Speaker C: There you go. That's, that's the whole game. That's all you need to do. And when you, when you see the, the, the excerpt from the book and you see the video, those two things together and the recording that you already have for today, man, it's going to change your whole business. You'll understand it, you'll see it and everybody else offering Amazon services, you're gonna feel like you're in on a joke that they don't know.

Speaker A: Mm.

Speaker C: Okay. Yeah. It's gonna be so good. So anyway, that's what you should do. Okay, Send me that email. I'll get it over to you. Because it's just, it's just two simple things. I can get it over to you probably today.

Speaker A: Sure. Okay, I'll do that, I'll do that and then we'll talk about more. More stuff later on.

Speaker C: Yeah, let's get that first and then we'll do the rest.

Speaker A: Sure. Yeah.

Speaker B: Cool.

Speaker A: You know, Stephen, I want to mention something since you're. We are talking about all these things I mentioned, Amazon marketing, cloud. So that one will actually help me measure this cost per lead and enable me to. So cost of acquisition, retention cost and all those things. Yeah.

Speaker C: Oh, my God. And if you start getting that data, you make everyone who doesn't do that irrelevant as a competitor to you. They don't even exist. Yeah, they don't even exist. So there you go.

Speaker A: I will need time, though. I'm just in the working case.

Speaker C: Yeah, and then when. When you. When you get the resources I'm going to send you, it will make sense of what data you're looking for. Anyway, it's going to be easy for you to automate.

Speaker A: Okay. Sounds good to me.

Speaker C: All right.

Speaker A: Yeah. Thank you so much.

Speaker C: Thank you so much for jumping on.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: We're seeing you soon.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Bye now. All right, bye.

