Transcript for: Recording__1074.mp4
Title: Recording #1074
============================================================

I just slammed you. Yeah, I'm cold now. It's too cold here without a cat. Uhhuh. That's the whole reason we have cats. I see. Huh. So it's like, what. What will you say? Like, how will you describe the slap? Like, is it an insult for you? Insult of the day? I mean, it would be, but it's kind of my fault because I. I had to get up to grab something, and then she's like, you got up. You. You removed me from the lap. I'm walking away and we'll get over it. But it just. I see it's a hurdle for us. So how is the weather this weekend? It was like in the 80s yesterday, but today it's. It's cooler. It's. It's not cold by any means, but it's cooler. It's like 60 something. Okay, that's. That's, I think, not bad. Yeah, we had some storms last night, so that cooled things down. Similar here for now. So I see that you are in the US For a while. So what's happening next? Don't ask me. It's not up to me. It's up to my financial situation right now. Okay. Yeah. Long story. So you're trying to save up? Yeah, I'm trying to save up. I'm also trying to help my mom with a few things. To. Without getting into too much detail, she gave me the kidney. And if you donate a kidney, technically, if any health issues come from giving someone a kidney, their insurance is supposed to cover everything. So she gave me a kidney. My health insurance is supposed to say, okay, if you run into anything in the future, we got you. But she got a hernia because they messed up during the surgery. She got one. So she got surgery. Actually, that's why I came back, what, a couple months ago? Because she got the surgery. She was. She's still not completely. But anyway, so she was doing that and she told them like, okay, this was because of transplant. I gave the kidney, I got a hernia. The surgery's covered. Right. And they're like, actually. So we're trying to figure that out because otherwise it's going to be like 20 or $30,000. So we're trying to figure out that situation because yay, American health care, basically. I see. Yeah. You know, it's a good thing in Canada. I think these kind of things will be. All of these things will be covered. Oh, yeah, absolutely. I get my cat's asthma medication from Canada pharmacies. It's actually affordable for things up there. Yeah. But these operation, let's say it will be free, it will be covered. Yeah, probably. Yeah. And why does Trump keep on saying that we'll have better health care if we become the 51st state? A lot of Americans think that if you have affordable or free health care, that it's going to turn into a situation that's like. Like my Russian student was actually telling me he's worried about the idea of free health care, because in Russia they have free health care, but it's not great. It takes a long time to see a doctor. The doctors aren't always the best. The medication, the treatment, it's not always the best. So it takes a while to get in there and it's hard to see a specialist and things like that. So Americans think if there will be free health care, that it's going to be hard to see a doctor and that the taxes will go way up. That's what they think. And they also think free doctor, free doctor means bad because we associate like, good things with being expensive. I see. Okay, that's the issue. Yeah. We have our own problem. It also takes a long time to see a doctor, especially the specialized ones. Specialized transness. Yeah, that's a problem. Anyway, there. It takes. It takes a while here, too, depending on what insurance you have. But the biggest concern people have, which I don't think is well placed, is that things will just not be good. The treatments won't be as good. Like, you'll go into a doctor and they won't know what they're doing. But some reason. Okay, don't ask me. Maybe I don't know much how the qualities. I didn't have to do much here and get sick much. Well, go get sick and let me know. We'll see about that. I do know that it varies widely from country to country. I do know that in countries with free health care or affordable health care that I've talked to with people like my friends from the uk, friends from Russia, things like that, it can be harder to get in to see a doctor. Harder than in the U.S. but also, like, you're not $30,000 in debt because the hospital refuses to talk to your insurance. Yeah, yeah. Well, even a simple procedure like this will cost $30,000. Anesthesia. She was in the hospital for the day. Hospital, room anesthesia, cost of surgery, medication, you know, she got some pain meds. And it's not, not even anything that critical, isn't it? It's not like life or death, but it's more. It's a quality of Life surgery because she was in a lot of pain. No, I get that. I get that. Yeah. But things are crazy here in. Insulin is very expensive. It's inhalers in Canada, because I get my cat's medication through Canada. Like I said, it's like $60 for 120 doses, which lasts a few months. If I got it here, it would be hundreds of dollars. I see. Okay. So, you know, you know what? Same one thing. I, I mean, you can also consider this going to make. If you have to end up paying money. In that case, you can consider doing it from another country where it's medical facilities are. They have some quality. You have to ensure that and then do it from another country where it's cheaper or not. Yeah. The issue is that we were promised it would be covered and it's just after the fact, they're like, just kidding. Yeah, no, hopefully it is. In case, let's say it doesn't go well and then it comes to a situation where you have to end up spending that money. You know, in that case, you can consider that. Yeah, yeah. The thing is, no, I've gotten my meds from different countries because I was staying in Korea, I had to get my meds from Korea, I was staying here. You know, I've gotten my meds from different countries, so that's possible. But then a bigger thing. You can't just go to another country for. Unfortunately. For just meds. No. For meds, yes. For surgery? No. Why not? Well, I can't just go to Canada and say, hey, can I have a Canadian kidney? Oh, you cannot do it here. I'm just going to give you an example of India. Let's, let's say you have to go to India. Okay. You can probably get everything done, including the flights within, I don't know, $5,000. Probably. Yeah. Yeah. When I was in Korea, everything was fast. Actually, they had it set up. Usually in the US you have to make separate appointments at separate hospitals to get everything done, but I had to get a health check to make sure I could teach. So they actually had, they gave me a schedule and they said, you're going to get blood draw at this time. You're going to get an X ray at this time. You're getting a physical exam at this time. You do your tuberculosis test. Test at this time. It was like, it took a couple hours. It would have taken all day here. And I, I showed up, I was like, hey, I have an appointment at this time. They're like, okay, go in. We're here. You show up, you're like, hey, I have an appointment at three. They're like, okay, maybe we'll get to you by six. Oh, I see, I see. Okay. Yeah. Oh, so they're not on time. They're not on time, no. Are they on time in Canada, if you show up and you're like, hey, I have an appointment at 3 o', clock, you actually get in it. Yeah, if I have an appointment, then yes. It's ridiculous. That's ridiculous. You get in on time. No, absolutely not. Too socialist for me. No, honest, it's. You show up doctor in the US you have an appointment, it's at least an hour. The thing is, you have to be there because if you show up an hour later when you would actually get in, they'll be like, you're too late for your appointment. We gave it to someone. Oh, my God. So you. You have to just calculate an extra hour. So Trump is getting a big gift from Qatar. Yeah, I. I arranged it personally while I was there. I was over in the first place. Okay, so you're the main diplomat. Diplomat in this context. It is. I was like, he would really like a fancy plane. I'm like, he would love it. It's my idea. Yeah. But I don't know. I mean, if you want to join the U.S. maybe we'll give you guys a fancy plane too, and better health insurance. I'm okay. I think we're okay. You know, Carney, when he visited Trump, I think the way he responded is good. The way. I don't know if you watched those videos, but I did not. He did bring up the topic of, you know, Canada being a part of the US and the response that comes from Canada is generally, Canada is not for sale. And Trump's response would be, you know, he was in real. He's in real estate, so everything is on sale at some point. That's been his experience with everything, though. That's why. No. No. Then Carney's response was no. As far as I know from real estate experience in real estate, you cannot buy everything. I mean, it's not up for sale. For example, the building where I'm sitting right now, it's not up for sale. Right. So that was his response. He framed it in a very good way. Not like me, but it was very witty in that moment. It was perfect response. Yeah, I think. I don't know. Unless he was saying, yes, Trump, of course. Anything you say. Trump's probably going to find a reason to be upset. Here's. Here's my here's my thing, though. If you guys become the next state, you will have enough votes so that we never have to deal with Trump again. Yeah. So please, please join us. Give us your votes. It'll be a big state. Anyway. Anyway, it's. We are not going to do that. I don't think we are going to. The way he responded was really good. He used the terms, like, I have the owners of Canada. They would not like to do that. Like, the owners of Canada. He used that term. I like the way he said that. Oh, so you guys have owners over there. That's why America is. The world is the land of the free. We don't have owners of the U.S. okay, owners of Canada. That means the. I know. I was. I was. I was messing with you because people like America, land of the free, which we're not. But. Okay. But anyways, speaking of America, let's go ahead and talk about American R. Yeah. Which I love. I love how they label it as American R, even though, like, anyways, there's. That's an American company for you. So let's go ahead and talk about R. Let's go to the presentation. Sure. And the thing is, I was, again, a very bad student this week and didn't practice anything. And even before our call, I was supposed to actually class. I mean, I was supposed to take a look at those, but I ended up chatting with some people. That's what they all say. Okay, so what do you want me to do? Open up the material? Yes, Open up the presentation. Okay, let me find it. American R is. It's under liquid consonants, so it's like, by the fricative, liquidated area. So like rl. Oh, God. Okay. I'm trying to find. Aha. Found it. Presentation perfect. I'm gonna have you skip straight to the third slide. Mm. We're gonna talk about the physical thing here. It lays it out in the instructions on the second slide, but I think the pictures do it better. We could see here it's hip of the tongue. Where is it? What is it saying about the tip versus the back of the tongue here? Well, the tip of the tongue in position A, it's saying it will be. Retract that. Oh, okay. Retracted position. I mean, what. Retract the tongue, curl it, and fold it back without touching the top of the mouth. Yeah. You're like. Yeah, obviously. No, I mean, this is something that I was having trouble with. I remember. Yeah. So basically, when you make the R sound, usually where's the back of your tongue? I think I Tried to notice last week, and it was. I figured that the tongue is. The tip of the tongue is not. What can I say? It's in the middle of the mouth. Right. And the back is. Yes, up. But I think it was not card. It was really too much car or something. It was really almost touching the upper palate. It should be almost touching the upper palate. Oh. So when you have the back of the tongue, the big thing here actually go to the fourth slide. Do you see that blue line? It shows where the air goes. Yeah. So it's actually talking about how you have to have the back of the tongue high, but not so high that it's going to block that blue line. You don't want it to be touching the palette, blocking the air, anything like that, but you want the tip of your tongue lower like this. And the reason for that is so that you can have that space here in the front where it echoes. So we want to be able to have that. That echoing sound. So the tip of the tongue needs to be down, the back needs to be up so that it has that wall kind of. You're kind of creating a wall with your tongue. When you put the back of your tongue up, you should be able to feel the molars on each side of your tongue. So it should be up between the molars. The tip of the tongue, it doesn't need to be any specific place, but it needs to be kind of as low as you can get it without touching anything. It shouldn't touch anything because that's going to kind of stabilize it, and it won't be able to have the correct vibration. So most sounds in English rely on the airflow. Right. Like, V is just. It's flow of air. Whatever it is, it's just air. The reason R, L, those kind of sounds can be more difficult is because it's not just airflow. It's also the vibration of the tongue itself. So we're going to have vibration and airflow. So we're going to have a nice combo. All right. So you're going to lift your tongue up, put it between the molars, put it as high as you can without touching the palate, and you're going to try to keep your tongue low. So that was the one we were working on last time. Right. That being said, if you could go to the sixth slide and read these words. Run. Run. I'm just reading how I read it. Okay. Rain. Car. Wrong. Reach. Okay. Now you're going to read it the way that we practiced. You're Going to put your tongue as high as you can. And this time feel free to add a little bit of tension. Tension to the back of your tongue. So how are you used to pronouncing R? So how is R in your first language? R. How do I. Like, what do I tell you about that? Like, how do I describe that? Maybe if you could say some words that start with R. Okay, so does it count even if the R is at the beginning? It counts, right? Why wouldn't it? Okay, so I'll just start with some names. One person's name. Okay, so Ratan. Ratan. Okay, keep going. That sounds so English. But anyway, Rotten. Rotten is in Bengalia. That is how I'll say it. Are you getting an American accent? And okay, another place. Ranaghat. How does that sound when you say the R? Here is your tongue placement similar to what you described last time. I'll just try it. Okay. One more time. Yeah, it does. Okay. Oh, okay. Just to kind of check where it's coming from and when you make it. Now where's the placement? So number. How do you check for placement? How do you check for placement? Placement. Oh, my God, the wires. The vibration is. Yes. So remember the way we checked was we used oo, so it was like O and you could feel the vibration. This time I want you to check on your native R. Because a lot of times for a sound like R, it has a very specific placement. So a lot of times I'm going over with my students, this is where you put your tongue. This is the position. Da, da, da. And then they keep their native placement and there are. It will be in the same exact position I need it to be in. But then they don't pronounce it correctly because the placement is going to be off. So where is the placement in your name? Let me try that. You know what? I think even the tongue is not really. I'm not really squeezing it in. That's not my natural way of doing it. That's what I feel. I just did. I just feel that is how it is because I was done hour. But yeah, not usually. That's not the default. And also the placement is probably somewhere here in the back. Yeah, here. Okay. Anyway, I'm dying. So the placement. Can you give me a side profile and show me where it is? I feel like somewhere lower. I don't know if that even makes sense. Oh, okay. So in the jaw a little bit as well. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. Makes sense. For American R, it's going to be in the back of the tongue here. Now, it's a secondary placement, which means we're still speaking from the chest. We're just going to have some added tension there. Now, that placement here at the bottom might be why your tongue isn't going down. Because your tongue is probably a little bit more tense in the front and more relaxed in the back, which is why it's evened out. But if you shift that tension to the back, you should be able to drop your tongue in the front a little bit more. So you're going to have some tension now in the back of your mouth, that secondary placement here in the back. So you're going to lift your tongue, you're going to tense it just a little bit. You don't want to. We could always add more tension. It's easier to add tension than take it away. So lift it just a little bit. Add a little bit of tension. Try to keep the tip of your tongue down. So like this little bit of tension here. And let's try reading these R sounds again. Shift the placement, shift the position. Let's try the same words. Run, rain, car. Wrong Rich. Wow. I'm sorry. For some reason today, I cannot absorb what you're saying, like what you're teaching today. It's like, yeah, do this. Like, do the time. Like this. But what. I'm not listening. It's not nothing from your end. It's just me, my actors. You need to go take a nap? No, I'm okay, But my mind is somewhere else. Is it still on becoming the 51st state? No. Okay, so let's try just. Yeah, yeah, sure. So we're going to shift two things. The position. So where is the position of the tongue going to be? Here, Back of my mouth. That's the secondary position. The secondary placement. Yes. Placement. Yes. So that's the placement. It's going to be here in the back. What's the position of the tongue going to be? What's the tongue shape going to be? The tongue is going to be squeezed towards the back. And the tip of the tongue is going to be, of course, lower. If you squeeze that in and the back of the tongue is almost going to touch the upper pen. Exactly. And you're going to kind of squeeze the back of the tongue back, but the tip of the tongue is going to be relaxed. It's just going to fall down. You don't want to tense the whole tongue. Just the back. Just where the place is going to be. Okay. Someone said just roll the R's to pronounce American R. I don't know if that makes sense. We don't have a rolled R. When I think rolled R, I think Russian, Spanish, Scottish, which we. Most Americans can't. I am one of them. It has a similar placement to a rolled R, though, as a similar tension, but it's not actually rolled, so I'm not sure. Can you pronounce some words again? I know it sounds very different, so could you pronounce that? Sure. So run, rain, car. Wrong, Rich. Okay, so, you know, I'll just try. Wrong. Wrong. Car. Reach. And whatever else you said, I don't remember. It's on the sixth slide. Okay. Run, rain, car. Wrong, Rich. I'm doing something else. Yeah, it sounds closer, so it sounds better. But like you said, it does sound a little bit different. So say them again and hold out the R. Like run, rain. When you are doing that, your tongue. The tip of the tongue is not rolled. It's just flat like this. Yeah. Yeah. It's just kind of. It's not rolled back like this? No. Okay. I feel like I'm just doing this movement with my. With the tip of the tongue like this. Your tongue is moving as you make the R sound when I'm trying to imitate you. So is it moving as you make the sound? Yeah, I think so. You. The thing about R is it's fine if your tongue's rolled back a little. As long as it's lower, that's fine. Okay. It can be flat. It can be rolled. It can be up. It could be a little higher, lower. The tip of the tongue, as long as it's near the bottom and not touching anything, it's good. The thing is, you want to make sure that. Sir, you. You just want to make sure that it's not touching anything and that it doesn't have any extra tension. Okay. Run, rain, ruin. Wrong. So is it moving at all as you're making the actual sound like. No, I think. I think that the tip of the tongue is rolled. That's the difference compared to what supposed to. Where's the back of the tongue? Oh, my God. Oh, my. No, it's wrong. It's wrong, wrong, Wrong. I think the tip of the. The back of the tongue is not really carved like this, so I think something's wrong. What do you feel on the side of your tongue? Wrong. Right. So let's try this a little bit. When you have your mouth closed, it's just completely closed. It's relaxed. Your teeth are together. Right. Do you feel the molars on each side of your tongue? When your mouth is closed. Stop mooning my students. Do you feel the molars on each side of your tongue when your mouth is closed? Yeah. Now I just want you to open your mouth, and as you're just slightly opening your mouth, just make sure that your tongue doesn't drop away from the molars. You're being too distracting, sir. Yeah, yeah. Sorry. I will have to open my mouth just a little bit. And then what do we have to observe? You want to make sure that the molars that are on either side of your tongue. You want to make sure your tongue doesn't drop away from the molars when you open your mouth. You want to keep it between the molars as you're opening your mouth. You want to feel the molars on each side of your tongue when you make the R sound. Okay. Okay. So when I'm opening the mouth, it's not. The tongue is kind of not touching anything that much. Okay. So you want to make sure that it's still up there like it was when your mouth was closed. Mm. And that way, you know, it's high enough so you could feel the mullers when your mouth is open, right? Yeah. So that means back of the tongue. Yes, back of the tongue, not the tip of the tongue. So it's between the molars. Just add a little bit of tension and try reading again. You can feel it up there between the molars. Okay. Run. Maybe a little bit too much tension, but it sounds like it's in the right position. Run, rain, car. Wrong, Rich. Okay. Where's the tip of the tongue? Okay, I'll try again. Run, rain, car. I think it's more like flat. It's not rolling like before now. Yeah. So you want it down. If it's flat like this. Run. It's not going to have that echoing pace we saw. It's just going to be like this. It's going to be flat. The echo won't happen. And that's where we get the real R sound. Is that R? So if the tip of the tongue is up, it's going to sound like this. It sounds like you're clenching your jaw when you're speaking. So it sounds like the back of your tongue's in the right place. You want to lower the front of your tongue. Mm. So lower the front of your tongue a bit and try again. Okay. Run. Rain, car. Wrong. Right. How was that? It sounded better. It sounds like maybe just a little bit more of a difference between the two, but you're headed in the right direction. So try again. And then we're going to add something else. Where's the tip of your tongue? Your back. Your tongue sounds good. Pay attention. Where's the tip? Your tongue as you're reading? I think that's. That's not right. Yeah. Lower. Run. Rain. No, I think there's some problem. Open your mouth just a little bit more and make sure the tip of your tongue is near the bottom of your mouth. I'll tell you this. When I'm pronouncing. Starting to pronounce the tongue. Tip of the tongue is moving from up to bottom. That's what I am observing. Okay. It's almost like a T. Not T, but where it's moving as you make the sound. Yeah. Okay. You want to make sure that you get in the right position before you make the sound because there should be no movement as you make an R sound. Okay. Rain. Car. Wrong, Rich. All right, let's try with the lips this time. So with the words that start with R, try pushing your lips forward. Sometimes that helps as well. Run. Rich. Rain. Almost like a W. It can help add a little bit of echo, especially if your tongue isn't dropping enough. So run. Rain. Wrong, Rich. Okay, Wait a second. Okay. Run. Rain. Car. Reach sounded better for sure. Actually for car. Only at the beginning. Only at the beginning. You wouldn't do it for car. Car. Better. So I think you have the correct idea and you're going in the right direction. Just keep practicing it. I recommend watching Rachel's English American R video. She gives some pretty good visuals. She explains it a little bit differently. And hey, sometimes she clicks pretty well. So I recommend Rachel's English and starting with words that start with R and practicing those ones. We'll check in on it. You know what? I understand you pronounce this so many times, but I have you on screen right now. I was on another page. The slides. I mean, could you say these five words again so that I see your face movement and I have it recorded, too? Yeah, sure. Are you recording it right now? Perfect. So I'll go ahead and read a few. So run. Now, remember, it's only going to go forward for the beginning. Run. Rain. Car. Wrong, Rich. So you don't have to push it forward, but it can create an extra echo, especially if your tongue isn't going forward in, you know, kind of going down in the front. Do you want me to read the practice words as well? Sure. Yeah. All right. So bring borrow first cry art for after from their person. So you might see the lips actually change quite a bit. Depending on what sounds are on either side of it. At the beginning, though, it's easier because you can practice that lip movement going forward specifically. So that's what I recommend is practicing words that start with R. Watching Rachel's English, it sounds like you just need to drop your jaw a little more and make sure that the front of the tongue is down because you need to make that echo sound. You have the right tension. You have the right kind of air constriction in the back. You just need to add that echo by dropping and creating some space for that echo to actually happen. Okay. Okay. Yeah. All right, so we will check on it next time, see how you're feeling about it. Maybe there are a couple more tricks up my sleeve that can possibly help with this. So we'll see how that goes. And let me know if you need anything else, okay? Sure. Yeah. All right. In that case, this one is a different. Okay, it is. I have two cats. My mom has 1 billion cats. I'm not even kidding. She has. She has a lot of cats, and she, like, fosters and everything, too, so it's nice number of cats. Yeah, but this is the oldest one here. This is my mom's oldest cat. How old are you? She's, like, 13. This one is very calm. She's something. Yeah. And she's just like a calm old grandma. All right, in that case, the grandma and I will see you next time. Let us know if you need anything.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: I just slammed you.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm cold now. It's too cold here without a cat.

Speaker A: Uhhuh.

Speaker B: That's the whole reason we have cats.

Speaker A: I see. Huh. So it's like, what. What will you say? Like, how will you describe the slap? Like, is it an insult for you? Insult of the day?

Speaker B: I mean, it would be, but it's kind of my fault because I. I had to get up to grab something, and then she's like, you got up. You. You removed me from the lap. I'm walking away and we'll get over it. But it just. I see it's a hurdle for us.

Speaker A: So how is the weather this weekend?

Speaker B: It was like in the 80s yesterday, but today it's. It's cooler. It's. It's not cold by any means, but it's cooler. It's like 60 something.

Speaker A: Okay, that's. That's, I think, not bad.

Speaker B: Yeah, we had some storms last night, so that cooled things down.

Speaker A: Similar here for now. So I see that you are in the US For a while. So what's happening next?

Speaker B: Don't ask me. It's not up to me. It's up to my financial situation right now.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. Long story.

Speaker A: So you're trying to save up?

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm trying to save up. I'm also trying to help my mom with a few things. To. Without getting into too much detail, she gave me the kidney. And if you donate a kidney, technically, if any health issues come from giving someone a kidney, their insurance is supposed to cover everything. So she gave me a kidney. My health insurance is supposed to say, okay, if you run into anything in the future, we got you. But she got a hernia because they messed up during the surgery. She got one. So she got surgery. Actually, that's why I came back, what, a couple months ago? Because she got the surgery. She was. She's still not completely. But anyway, so she was doing that and she told them like, okay, this was because of transplant. I gave the kidney, I got a hernia. The surgery's covered. Right. And they're like, actually. So we're trying to figure that out because otherwise it's going to be like 20 or $30,000. So we're trying to figure out that situation because yay, American health care, basically.

Speaker A: I see.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: You know, it's a good thing in Canada. I think these kind of things will be. All of these things will be covered.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah, absolutely. I get my cat's asthma medication from Canada pharmacies. It's actually affordable for things up there.

Speaker A: Yeah. But these operation, let's say it will be free, it will be covered.

Speaker B: Yeah, probably. Yeah.

Speaker A: And why does Trump keep on saying that we'll have better health care if we become the 51st state?

Speaker B: A lot of Americans think that if you have affordable or free health care, that it's going to turn into a situation that's like. Like my Russian student was actually telling me he's worried about the idea of free health care, because in Russia they have free health care, but it's not great. It takes a long time to see a doctor. The doctors aren't always the best. The medication, the treatment, it's not always the best. So it takes a while to get in there and it's hard to see a specialist and things like that. So Americans think if there will be free health care, that it's going to be hard to see a doctor and that the taxes will go way up. That's what they think. And they also think free doctor, free doctor means bad because we associate like, good things with being expensive.

Speaker A: I see.

Speaker B: Okay, that's the issue.

Speaker A: Yeah. We have our own problem. It also takes a long time to see a doctor, especially the specialized ones. Specialized transness. Yeah, that's a problem. Anyway, there.

Speaker B: It takes. It takes a while here, too, depending on what insurance you have. But the biggest concern people have, which I don't think is well placed, is that things will just not be good. The treatments won't be as good. Like, you'll go into a doctor and they won't know what they're doing. But some reason. Okay, don't ask me.

Speaker A: Maybe I don't know much how the qualities. I didn't have to do much here and get sick much.

Speaker B: Well, go get sick and let me know.

Speaker A: We'll see about that.

Speaker B: I do know that it varies widely from country to country. I do know that in countries with free health care or affordable health care that I've talked to with people like my friends from the uk, friends from Russia, things like that, it can be harder to get in to see a doctor. Harder than in the U.S. but also, like, you're not $30,000 in debt because the hospital refuses to talk to your insurance.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Well, even a simple procedure like this will cost $30,000.

Speaker B: Anesthesia. She was in the hospital for the day. Hospital, room anesthesia, cost of surgery, medication, you know, she got some pain meds.

Speaker A: And it's not, not even anything that critical, isn't it?

Speaker B: It's not like life or death, but it's more. It's a quality of Life surgery because she was in a lot of pain.

Speaker A: No, I get that. I get that.

Speaker B: Yeah. But things are crazy here in. Insulin is very expensive. It's inhalers in Canada, because I get my cat's medication through Canada. Like I said, it's like $60 for 120 doses, which lasts a few months. If I got it here, it would be hundreds of dollars.

Speaker A: I see. Okay. So, you know, you know what? Same one thing. I, I mean, you can also consider this going to make. If you have to end up paying money. In that case, you can consider doing it from another country where it's medical facilities are. They have some quality. You have to ensure that and then do it from another country where it's cheaper or not.

Speaker B: Yeah. The issue is that we were promised it would be covered and it's just after the fact, they're like, just kidding.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, hopefully it is. In case, let's say it doesn't go well and then it comes to a situation where you have to end up spending that money. You know, in that case, you can consider that.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. The thing is, no, I've gotten my meds from different countries because I was staying in Korea, I had to get my meds from Korea, I was staying here. You know, I've gotten my meds from different countries, so that's possible. But then a bigger thing. You can't just go to another country for. Unfortunately.

Speaker A: For just meds. No.

Speaker B: For meds, yes. For surgery? No.

Speaker A: Why not?

Speaker B: Well, I can't just go to Canada and say, hey, can I have a Canadian kidney?

Speaker A: Oh, you cannot do it here. I'm just going to give you an example of India. Let's, let's say you have to go to India. Okay. You can probably get everything done, including the flights within, I don't know, $5,000.

Speaker B: Probably. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: When I was in Korea, everything was fast. Actually, they had it set up. Usually in the US you have to make separate appointments at separate hospitals to get everything done, but I had to get a health check to make sure I could teach. So they actually had, they gave me a schedule and they said, you're going to get blood draw at this time. You're going to get an X ray at this time. You're getting a physical exam at this time. You do your tuberculosis test. Test at this time. It was like, it took a couple hours. It would have taken all day here. And I, I showed up, I was like, hey, I have an appointment at this time. They're like, okay, go in. We're here. You show up, you're like, hey, I have an appointment at three. They're like, okay, maybe we'll get to you by six.

Speaker A: Oh, I see, I see. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Oh, so they're not on time.

Speaker B: They're not on time, no. Are they on time in Canada, if you show up and you're like, hey, I have an appointment at 3 o', clock, you actually get in it.

Speaker A: Yeah, if I have an appointment, then yes. It's ridiculous.

Speaker B: That's ridiculous. You get in on time. No, absolutely not. Too socialist for me. No, honest, it's. You show up doctor in the US you have an appointment, it's at least an hour. The thing is, you have to be there because if you show up an hour later when you would actually get in, they'll be like, you're too late for your appointment. We gave it to someone.

Speaker A: Oh, my God.

Speaker B: So you. You have to just calculate an extra hour.

Speaker A: So Trump is getting a big gift from Qatar.

Speaker B: Yeah, I. I arranged it personally while I was there. I was over in the first place.

Speaker A: Okay, so you're the main diplomat. Diplomat in this context.

Speaker B: It is. I was like, he would really like a fancy plane. I'm like, he would love it. It's my idea. Yeah. But I don't know. I mean, if you want to join the U.S. maybe we'll give you guys a fancy plane too, and better health insurance.

Speaker A: I'm okay. I think we're okay. You know, Carney, when he visited Trump, I think the way he responded is good. The way. I don't know if you watched those videos, but I did not. He did bring up the topic of, you know, Canada being a part of the US and the response that comes from Canada is generally, Canada is not for sale. And Trump's response would be, you know, he was in real. He's in real estate, so everything is on sale at some point.

Speaker B: That's been his experience with everything, though. That's why.

Speaker A: No. No. Then Carney's response was no. As far as I know from real estate experience in real estate, you cannot buy everything. I mean, it's not up for sale. For example, the building where I'm sitting right now, it's not up for sale. Right. So that was his response. He framed it in a very good way. Not like me, but it was very witty in that moment. It was perfect response.

Speaker B: Yeah, I think. I don't know. Unless he was saying, yes, Trump, of course. Anything you say. Trump's probably going to find a reason to be upset. Here's. Here's my here's my thing, though. If you guys become the next state, you will have enough votes so that we never have to deal with Trump again.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So please, please join us. Give us your votes.

Speaker A: It'll be a big state. Anyway. Anyway, it's. We are not going to do that. I don't think we are going to. The way he responded was really good. He used the terms, like, I have the owners of Canada. They would not like to do that. Like, the owners of Canada. He used that term. I like the way he said that.

Speaker B: Oh, so you guys have owners over there. That's why America is. The world is the land of the free. We don't have owners of the U.S.

Speaker A: okay, owners of Canada. That means the. I know.

Speaker B: I was. I was. I was messing with you because people like America, land of the free, which we're not. But. Okay. But anyways, speaking of America, let's go ahead and talk about American R. Yeah. Which I love. I love how they label it as American R, even though, like, anyways, there's. That's an American company for you. So let's go ahead and talk about R. Let's go to the presentation.

Speaker A: Sure. And the thing is, I was, again, a very bad student this week and didn't practice anything. And even before our call, I was supposed to actually class. I mean, I was supposed to take a look at those, but I ended up chatting with some people.

Speaker B: That's what they all say.

Speaker A: Okay, so what do you want me to do? Open up the material?

Speaker B: Yes, Open up the presentation.

Speaker A: Okay, let me find it.

Speaker B: American R is. It's under liquid consonants, so it's like, by the fricative, liquidated area. So like rl.

Speaker A: Oh, God. Okay. I'm trying to find. Aha. Found it. Presentation perfect.

Speaker B: I'm gonna have you skip straight to the third slide.

Speaker A: Mm.

Speaker B: We're gonna talk about the physical thing here. It lays it out in the instructions on the second slide, but I think the pictures do it better. We could see here it's hip of the tongue. Where is it? What is it saying about the tip versus the back of the tongue here?

Speaker A: Well, the tip of the tongue in position A, it's saying it will be. Retract that. Oh, okay. Retracted position. I mean, what. Retract the tongue, curl it, and fold it back without touching the top of the mouth. Yeah.

Speaker B: You're like. Yeah, obviously.

Speaker A: No, I mean, this is something that I was having trouble with. I remember.

Speaker B: Yeah. So basically, when you make the R sound, usually where's the back of your tongue?

Speaker A: I think I Tried to notice last week, and it was. I figured that the tongue is. The tip of the tongue is not. What can I say? It's in the middle of the mouth. Right. And the back is. Yes, up. But I think it was not card. It was really too much car or something. It was really almost touching the upper palate.

Speaker B: It should be almost touching the upper palate.

Speaker A: Oh.

Speaker B: So when you have the back of the tongue, the big thing here actually go to the fourth slide. Do you see that blue line? It shows where the air goes.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So it's actually talking about how you have to have the back of the tongue high, but not so high that it's going to block that blue line. You don't want it to be touching the palette, blocking the air, anything like that, but you want the tip of your tongue lower like this. And the reason for that is so that you can have that space here in the front where it echoes. So we want to be able to have that. That echoing sound. So the tip of the tongue needs to be down, the back needs to be up so that it has that wall kind of. You're kind of creating a wall with your tongue. When you put the back of your tongue up, you should be able to feel the molars on each side of your tongue. So it should be up between the molars. The tip of the tongue, it doesn't need to be any specific place, but it needs to be kind of as low as you can get it without touching anything. It shouldn't touch anything because that's going to kind of stabilize it, and it won't be able to have the correct vibration. So most sounds in English rely on the airflow. Right. Like, V is just. It's flow of air. Whatever it is, it's just air. The reason R, L, those kind of sounds can be more difficult is because it's not just airflow. It's also the vibration of the tongue itself. So we're going to have vibration and airflow. So we're going to have a nice combo. All right. So you're going to lift your tongue up, put it between the molars, put it as high as you can without touching the palate, and you're going to try to keep your tongue low. So that was the one we were working on last time. Right. That being said, if you could go to the sixth slide and read these words.

Speaker A: Run. Run. I'm just reading how I read it. Okay. Rain. Car. Wrong. Reach.

Speaker B: Okay. Now you're going to read it the way that we practiced. You're Going to put your tongue as high as you can. And this time feel free to add a little bit of tension. Tension to the back of your tongue. So how are you used to pronouncing R? So how is R in your first language?

Speaker A: R. How do I. Like, what do I tell you about that? Like, how do I describe that?

Speaker B: Maybe if you could say some words that start with R.

Speaker A: Okay, so does it count even if the R is at the beginning? It counts, right?

Speaker B: Why wouldn't it?

Speaker A: Okay, so I'll just start with some names. One person's name. Okay, so Ratan. Ratan.

Speaker B: Okay, keep going.

Speaker A: That sounds so English. But anyway, Rotten. Rotten is in Bengalia. That is how I'll say it.

Speaker B: Are you getting an American accent?

Speaker A: And okay, another place. Ranaghat. How does that sound

Speaker B: when you say the R? Here is your tongue placement similar to what you described last time.

Speaker A: I'll just try it. Okay. One more time. Yeah, it does.

Speaker B: Okay. Oh, okay. Just to kind of check where it's coming from and when you make it. Now where's the placement? So number. How do you check for placement? How do you check for placement?

Speaker A: Placement. Oh, my God, the wires. The vibration is.

Speaker B: Yes. So remember the way we checked was we used oo, so it was like O and you could feel the vibration. This time I want you to check on your native R. Because a lot of times for a sound like R, it has a very specific placement. So a lot of times I'm going over with my students, this is where you put your tongue. This is the position. Da, da, da. And then they keep their native placement and there are. It will be in the same exact position I need it to be in. But then they don't pronounce it correctly because the placement is going to be off. So where is the placement in your name?

Speaker A: Let me try that. You know what? I think even the tongue is not really. I'm not really squeezing it in. That's not my natural way of doing it. That's what I feel. I just did. I just feel that is how it is because I was done hour. But yeah, not usually. That's not the default. And also the placement is probably somewhere here

Speaker B: in the back.

Speaker A: Yeah, here.

Speaker B: Okay. Anyway, I'm dying. So the placement. Can you give me a side profile and show me where it is?

Speaker A: I feel like somewhere lower. I don't know if that even makes sense.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. So in the jaw a little bit as well.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay. Makes sense. For American R, it's going to be in the back of the tongue here. Now, it's a secondary placement, which means we're still speaking from the chest. We're just going to have some added tension there. Now, that placement here at the bottom might be why your tongue isn't going down. Because your tongue is probably a little bit more tense in the front and more relaxed in the back, which is why it's evened out. But if you shift that tension to the back, you should be able to drop your tongue in the front a little bit more. So you're going to have some tension now in the back of your mouth, that secondary placement here in the back. So you're going to lift your tongue, you're going to tense it just a little bit. You don't want to. We could always add more tension. It's easier to add tension than take it away. So lift it just a little bit. Add a little bit of tension. Try to keep the tip of your tongue down. So like this little bit of tension here. And let's try reading these R sounds again. Shift the placement, shift the position. Let's try the same words. Run, rain, car. Wrong Rich.

Speaker A: Wow. I'm sorry. For some reason today, I cannot absorb what you're saying, like what you're teaching today. It's like, yeah, do this. Like, do the time. Like this. But what. I'm not listening. It's not nothing from your end. It's just me, my actors.

Speaker B: You need to go take a nap?

Speaker A: No, I'm okay, But my mind is somewhere else.

Speaker B: Is it still on becoming the 51st state?

Speaker A: No.

Speaker B: Okay, so let's try just. Yeah, yeah, sure. So we're going to shift two things. The position. So where is the position of the tongue going to be?

Speaker A: Here, Back of my mouth. That's the secondary position.

Speaker B: The secondary placement.

Speaker A: Yes. Placement.

Speaker B: Yes. So that's the placement. It's going to be here in the back. What's the position of the tongue going to be? What's the tongue shape going to be?

Speaker A: The tongue is going to be squeezed towards the back. And the tip of the tongue is going to be, of course, lower. If you squeeze that in and the back of the tongue is almost going to touch the upper pen.

Speaker B: Exactly. And you're going to kind of squeeze the back of the tongue back, but the tip of the tongue is going to be relaxed. It's just going to fall down. You don't want to tense the whole tongue. Just the back. Just where the place is going to be.

Speaker A: Okay. Someone said just roll the R's to pronounce American R. I don't know if that makes sense.

Speaker B: We don't have a rolled R. When I think rolled R, I think Russian, Spanish, Scottish, which we. Most Americans can't. I am one of them. It has a similar placement to a rolled R, though, as a similar tension, but it's not actually rolled, so I'm not sure.

Speaker A: Can you pronounce some words again? I know it sounds very different, so could you pronounce that?

Speaker B: Sure. So run, rain, car. Wrong, Rich.

Speaker A: Okay, so, you know, I'll just try. Wrong. Wrong. Car. Reach. And whatever else you said, I don't remember.

Speaker B: It's on the sixth slide.

Speaker A: Okay. Run, rain, car. Wrong, Rich. I'm doing something else.

Speaker B: Yeah, it sounds closer, so it sounds better. But like you said, it does sound a little bit different. So say them again and hold out the R. Like run, rain.

Speaker A: When you are doing that, your tongue. The tip of the tongue is not rolled. It's just flat like this.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. It's just kind of. It's not rolled back like this? No.

Speaker A: Okay. I feel like I'm just doing this movement with my. With the tip of the tongue like this.

Speaker B: Your tongue is moving as you make

Speaker A: the R sound when I'm trying to imitate you.

Speaker B: So is it moving as you make the sound?

Speaker A: Yeah, I think so.

Speaker B: You. The thing about R is it's fine if your tongue's rolled back a little. As long as it's lower, that's fine.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: It can be flat. It can be rolled. It can be up. It could be a little higher, lower. The tip of the tongue, as long as it's near the bottom and not touching anything, it's good. The thing is, you want to make sure that. Sir, you. You just want to make sure that it's not touching anything and that it doesn't have any extra tension.

Speaker A: Okay. Run, rain, ruin. Wrong.

Speaker B: So is it moving at all as you're making the actual sound like.

Speaker A: No, I think. I think that the tip of the tongue is rolled. That's the difference compared to what supposed to.

Speaker B: Where's the back of the tongue?

Speaker A: Oh, my God. Oh, my. No, it's wrong.

Speaker B: It's wrong, wrong,

Speaker A: Wrong. I think the tip of the. The back of the tongue is not really carved like this, so I think something's wrong.

Speaker B: What do you feel on the side of your tongue?

Speaker A: Wrong. Right.

Speaker B: So let's try this a little bit. When you have your mouth closed, it's just completely closed. It's relaxed. Your teeth are together. Right. Do you feel the molars on each side of your tongue? When your mouth is closed. Stop mooning my students. Do you feel the molars on each side of your tongue when your mouth is closed?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Now I just want you to open your mouth, and as you're just slightly opening your mouth, just make sure that your tongue doesn't drop away from the molars. You're being too distracting, sir.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Sorry. I will have to open my mouth just a little bit. And then what do we have to observe?

Speaker B: You want to make sure that the molars that are on either side of your tongue. You want to make sure your tongue doesn't drop away from the molars when you open your mouth. You want to keep it between the molars as you're opening your mouth. You want to feel the molars on each side of your tongue when you make the R sound.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So when I'm opening the mouth, it's not. The tongue is kind of not touching anything that much.

Speaker B: Okay. So you want to make sure that it's still up there like it was when your mouth was closed.

Speaker A: Mm. And

Speaker B: that way, you know, it's high enough so you could feel the mullers when your mouth is open, right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So that means back of the tongue. Yes, back of the tongue, not the tip of the tongue. So it's between the molars. Just add a little bit of tension and try reading again. You can feel it up there between the molars.

Speaker A: Okay. Run.

Speaker B: Maybe a little bit too much tension, but it sounds like it's in the right position. Run, rain, car.

Speaker A: Wrong, Rich.

Speaker B: Okay. Where's the tip of the tongue?

Speaker A: Okay, I'll try again. Run, rain, car. I think it's more like flat. It's not rolling like before now.

Speaker B: Yeah. So you want it down. If it's flat like this. Run. It's not going to have that echoing pace we saw. It's just going to be like this. It's going to be flat. The echo won't happen. And that's where we get the real R sound. Is that R? So if the tip of the tongue is up, it's going to sound like this. It sounds like you're clenching your jaw when you're speaking. So it sounds like the back of your tongue's in the right place. You want to lower the front of your tongue.

Speaker A: Mm.

Speaker B: So lower the front of your tongue a bit and try again.

Speaker A: Okay. Run. Rain, car. Wrong. Right. How was that?

Speaker B: It sounded better. It sounds like maybe just a little bit more of a difference between the two, but you're headed in the right direction. So try again. And then we're going to add something else. Where's the tip of your tongue? Your back. Your tongue sounds good. Pay attention. Where's the tip? Your tongue as you're reading?

Speaker A: I think that's. That's not right. Yeah.

Speaker B: Lower.

Speaker A: Run. Rain. No, I think there's some problem.

Speaker B: Open your mouth just a little bit more and make sure the tip of your tongue is near the bottom of your mouth.

Speaker A: I'll tell you this. When I'm pronouncing. Starting to pronounce the tongue. Tip of the tongue is moving from up to bottom. That's what I am observing.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: It's almost like a T. Not T,

Speaker B: but where it's moving as you make the sound.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. You want to make sure that you get in the right position before you make the sound because there should be no movement as you make an R sound.

Speaker A: Okay. Rain. Car. Wrong, Rich.

Speaker B: All right, let's try with the lips this time. So with the words that start with R, try pushing your lips forward. Sometimes that helps as well. Run. Rich. Rain. Almost like a W. It can help add a little bit of echo, especially if your tongue isn't dropping enough. So run. Rain. Wrong, Rich.

Speaker A: Okay, Wait a second. Okay. Run. Rain. Car. Reach

Speaker B: sounded better for sure. Actually for car. Only at the beginning. Only at the beginning. You wouldn't do it for car.

Speaker A: Car.

Speaker B: Better. So I think you have the correct idea and you're going in the right direction. Just keep practicing it. I recommend watching Rachel's English American R video. She gives some pretty good visuals. She explains it a little bit differently. And hey, sometimes she clicks pretty well. So I recommend Rachel's English and starting with words that start with R and practicing those ones. We'll check in on it.

Speaker A: You know what? I understand you pronounce this so many times, but I have you on screen right now. I was on another page. The slides. I mean, could you say these five words again so that I see your face movement and I have it recorded, too?

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. Are you recording it right now? Perfect. So I'll go ahead and read a few. So run. Now, remember, it's only going to go forward for the beginning. Run. Rain. Car. Wrong, Rich. So you don't have to push it forward, but it can create an extra echo, especially if your tongue isn't going forward in, you know, kind of going down in the front. Do you want me to read the practice words as well?

Speaker A: Sure. Yeah.

Speaker B: All right. So bring borrow first cry art for after from their person. So you might see the lips actually change quite a bit. Depending on what sounds are on either side of it. At the beginning, though, it's easier because you can practice that lip movement going forward specifically. So that's what I recommend is practicing words that start with R. Watching Rachel's English, it sounds like you just need to drop your jaw a little more and make sure that the front of the tongue is down because you need to make that echo sound. You have the right tension. You have the right kind of air constriction in the back. You just need to add that echo by dropping and creating some space for that echo to actually happen. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker B: All right, so we will check on it next time, see how you're feeling about it. Maybe there are a couple more tricks up my sleeve that can possibly help with this. So we'll see how that goes. And let me know if you need anything else, okay?

Speaker A: Sure. Yeah.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker A: In that case, this one is a different. Okay, it is.

Speaker B: I have two cats. My mom has 1 billion cats. I'm not even kidding. She has. She has a lot of cats, and she, like, fosters and everything, too, so it's nice number of cats. Yeah, but this is the oldest one here. This is my mom's oldest cat. How old are you? She's, like, 13.

Speaker A: This one is very calm.

Speaker B: She's something. Yeah. And she's just like a calm old grandma. All right, in that case, the grandma and I will see you next time. Let us know if you need anything.

