Transcript for: Recording__1244.mp4
Title: Recording #1244
============================================================

Design or different items in it or how it's promoted on Amazon. What would that look like? How would we reposition it? There's many different ways we can do it. We can say you know what, we don't need to variety packs, we just need all our dollars behind one it's our hero flavors. It's a 28 times 18. Let's just go hard behind that and sell volume. Then there's another one and saying let's, let's pivot the positioning of the 30 times 15 grams and try just a different sort of angle with it. Or three is a whole new variety pack of like different flavors or something. So there's a few different things that we could try. The other thing that we've been discussing internally now with our new manufacturing and things like that, our finance team has finally finished some of the look in terms of profitability per channel.com is a problem. CA is fine. We're fine on CA and how our position enterprising.com is a drain like and so we've had a very brief discussion about it. We have a board meeting today where I think some more comments will come out of it. But super high level show home. We were almost kind of thinking what if we pulled out of dot com and put that investment into dot ca could we quickly move to a $2 million CA Amazon like in. In could. Could our $800,000 turn into almost 2 million in 2026 if we were to pivot.com attention into dot ca could we ramp up that quickly with rationalized skews hyper focused budget behind variety pack snack mixes and Camelina oil. 2 million. You don't have to. I'll have to do a review. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But just to think on that because at the end of the day like so what we're doing like what are we doing like 80 to $100,000 worth of sales on dot com. But it is like losing money. So it's not. I know today at the board meeting it's going to be like well and then does.com really have a tolerance for us to increase our price 15%? Likely not. Right. So there's many different ways it's increase your price which is I think the tolerance of that is already low. We're already where we need to be on that. There's pull out and invest your dollars in CA and drive better volume, better results. And thirdly is rationalized to maybe just one skew in the US and try to hold on to something there. But again it's Just a lot of money that we're just thrown at the wall down there when we could really just go deeper in Canada and probably have way more impact. Agreed. Yeah, yeah, agreed. Yeah. So just food for thought in some of the discussions that are happening this month. Okay. Yeah. Oh, and one more thing is about the ad spend. It's a quick update. We are spending more than what we were supposed to and have been trying to do some adjustments since we had some success since the 4th of December. When I look at the numbers that spend versus the total revenue between the 4th and the 10th of December, just for a week in the US it's close to 20% and in Canada it's close to 15%. So that's, that's a positive update that I have. Sorry, what was Canada close to 15%. Yeah. Okay. So that correction is being made. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. And so just imagine if by January we decide like we obviously have two months inventory there in the US that we'd have to like do something with. Right. But imagine, imagine getting 20 to 25% for a while or 20% in Canada because obviously our revenues are much higher. But take those dollars, that $2,000 a month from the US and put it into Canada. Yeah, okay. Yeah. So let's chat snack mixes and timing. So show us what you have there. I think. Oh, I didn't ask Annabelle that we should ask in our new item meeting next week. Brittany. Just making sure where we're at with the setup in the back end of the variety pack. Okay, I can check him now. I'll share my screen. All right, so I have done a similar analysis to what I did before. And let me show you four very similar products. I could find four products, two from Catalina Crunch and one from. You pick another one from Prana. Yes. Examples, the ones, the two that I have found from Catalina Crunch, they're basically different flavors. And then this one is a little bit different because the things that they have, they have, you know. Yeah. So they are different from. The ingredients are different. But then, yeah, it's a mix. And then they're also writing that it's a protein rich thing. Snacks, it's a snack mix. And then it's very similar to ours, Prana. So I did a similar analysis on all of those products. Try to understand the use cases. You'll also see some of the texts highlighted and thought those are something I should notice. And then I have repeated the same process for four products, actually five. But then the fifth one is the Edamame product. So I think that is not as relevant as the other four. And then I have all those highlighted words and sentences. I have just kept them on the summary that it's easy for us to read the important things. And with these, the positioning element is basically it's the same of course, a protein snack mix. So high protein fiber content. And then when you read just flavor and texture. Yeah, it sounds very similar to other two variety packs. But one thing that I have noticed here, here is when they talk about textures and flavor, they really like the assortment of it. So in every single bag you will see taste and texture variety in a single serving. This is something that I have seen them mentioning a number of times. Yeah. So that's another thing. And then of course it's healthy roasted snack again. And then on the go, that's another thing that is similar to other variations that we have. And Then again proudly Canadian 3 farmers farmer founded and clean ingredients. That is another thing that we mentioned in other variety packs too. And that's going to be similar to the others. Now with all of those inputs, I have prepared this through first version and I haven't done ACO yet because I wanted to confirm these are okay. So yeah, this is exactly where our positioning like even when we formed this innovation. Exactly the positioning. And then I think, you know what, we're doing this right now to show home as we put it on our website and just talking about how the snack mixes differentiate from the core because the core is also protein, it's fiber, it's crunch, it's all of these things. And so the three. So and I'm just thinking out loud, so the three, the three brands that you brought up, those are definitely like any, any direct competitor brand would be that a more indirect occasion and competitor brand would be your munchie mix or like a Checks mix. Like where we're not ever going to be able to compete on cost. Yeah. Like Checks or the munchie mix. What's that brand? I have seen those mentioned in the. Yeah, yeah, I have seen those. You see, I have seen those mentioned in the reviews too for these. Okay. And then also I'm just going to send you a picture of this munchie mix because I'm sure. Can you. Or even just on. I'm not sure if this is. This is because Checks Mix Chex is more actual us. Okay. Show you this blue munchie mix. It's actually called Munchies. Once you see it, you'll be like, oh yeah, I know that. I don't know if they're on here. I'll just put it in the chat here for. Here's just a picture of them on Costco, for instance. And. And I. I don't bring these up in terms of, like, price comparable. We're way more premium than they are. But in terms of, like, usage and occasion. Like, like a party mix, like, it's. It's on the go and it's. It's a midday snack, but this is also like a salty indulgence snack. Like in the evening, watching the super bowl, you know, hosting friends. Like, it can be. It can lean a little bit into party mix, like a modern party mix. So if you do see in your SEO or if you do look at those pages a little bit where you might be able to pick something up from a. A more conventional munchy party mix, snack mix, chex mix, Those are definitely some areas you could look at, pulling some things from. Yeah. All right, so by that do you mean if we incorporate those use cases or scenarios they use and incorporate them in the copy, that will be better, right? That's what you want? Yeah. Like, those use like. No, the copy that you have is good. It's very important. All the copy you have. But yeah, those use cases and those words. Like, it would just interesting to look at words like party mix versus, like, checks mix versus snack mix versus protein, salty snack mix. Like, just make sure you include. Include that wide. Just go that wide out into more conventional party mix, too. Yeah, got it. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Can I add two things? I don't see it in your main points, so that's fine. But I saw it earlier. We're definitely. We don't fall under like a keto product, especially not this one. No, I. Okay. Yeah. No. Okay, that's. And then because that's a question I had. I just chatted Brittany or I just chatted Brenda too, because I'm like, what is keo? Doesn't it just have to be low calorie? It's low carb. So we're. So technically, if you're actually like in ketosis, you're trying to be under 20 carbs a day and our. For 3/4 of a cup. We. So you also subtract the fiber from the carbs. So where I think I just looked, I'm like, that's. I was trying to find the backup pack. So we're at 23 grams of carbs for three fourths of a cup. And then you subtract the fiber. So we're like 11. So we're essentially like half of their daily carbs for a third for one serving. So we're definitely not keto. And then the other thing was if you're, if you are building the page, just double checking that these are all Canadian spellings, like flavor savory. Oh yeah, things like that. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. One thing I wanted to verify this product. Is it gluten free? No, it is not. Because the pretzel. Yeah. So that's a big. Watch out. Okay. And sorry. So keto. So we are after daily carbs in, in our serving size. So we are keto. No, so like basically if you had that, that you, you've already eaten half of your carbs for the day, like you can't have. Right. But it still is keto. They just have to, they just need. They're managing their carbs, but the item itself is below the carb threshold. They just decide what they eat and how much they eat. Right? Yeah. So you are keto. Well, like if Catalina Crunch is keto, we're keto. Look at Catalina Crunches. Can you pull show home? Like it's the same item. The thing is, look at their, their brand is, their audience is I guess too much inclined towards keto. That's how probably they build their. Show their NFT. Can you show their NFT? Okay, so 13. But then their fiber is. Yeah, 5. So then they're at 8, 4. Because I think this is. Or how many carbs. This is only a 30 gram serving, I think for a third of a cup. Yeah. So this is also, it's technically that's. I did keto for two years. Like I would never. Yeah, I would never. So. But that's, but that's where I'm getting clarity. So. Because it's not keto if you're more than their carb intake. Like we don't decide for them what they eat. You can be keto and you eat one cup of. You eat one cup of snack mix and you eat one protein bar your whole day. Or you can be keto and eat a pack of bacon and that's all you eat all day. So it's more. I think you do regulatory wise, you do fall into keto. But then how the keto dieter decides what they eat in a day? You can be a consideration, but I guess you are a keto consideration. Yeah. Yes. Well then we could say, I would make that argument more for our core because our pretzels make us worse. But our core is better. Right, because obviously we don't have pretzels. So maybe that is something that we look at then if we do want to make that claim, then it's definitely our core products more than this. Yeah. So I just asked Brenda from like a regulatory standpoint, like the absolute formula for a keto claim, do we calculate within that claim for all of our products or some of our products, and then. And we'll validate if we can use that word, show home. Because again, yes, that's likely a good search term to show up. I think Chad tried to say this too, and I was like, oh, yeah. But we didn't look into it. Like, regulatory. Yeah. ChatGPT says there's no official government regulation on keto. Yeah. It's just like a formulation. It's like, what's another thing? I'm trying to think. I'm trying to think. Oh, it's like. So when we say low fat, like, if you're able to say low fat, there's like a formula that you have to punch in in terms of your fat breakdown. It's not all just saturated fat, trans fat. It's like there's a formula that the regulatory people pump, pump in, and they may like, oh, yeah, you fall in. So right now, even protein. Yeah. We can call ourselves a protein snack mix. Yeah. Because our formula of protein, fiber, and all the things that actually create a complete protein within your body reaches the rich. It's like 21 or something. So we can say rich. We can say rich in protein. We can't just say has protein. So if you can say rich in protein, you can actually put protein in your title description. If you can't say rich in protein and you can only say good source of protein, you can't actually be called a protein snack mix. Okay. Yeah. It's like all these little formulas and are you over 20% or are you under 20%? And then that dictates what you can actually say. Yeah, yeah. Interesting. Yeah. And marketing. If we can use keto, we want to use keto. Because people think, only if people actually don't know. That would be my only. Like, I would. Because I remember getting pissed off when you pick up a packet saying, like, oh, keto friendly. And then you read the back and you're like, no, you're effing not right. So I don't want to fall there. But at the same time. Yeah, let's trick people who don't use 100. Yeah, yeah. So show home. Can you send that to us so that we have just one more review? And then you said you'll start on sort of the SEO, you can go a little bit wider into party mix occasions if you want to pick anything up from there. Meanwhile, we'll follow up with our team on where we're at in setting up the back end codes and then images are to come. Lindsey will be working on those as soon as she gets back. Yeah. And also for the images, I mean, these talking points are the key messages that I have mentioned. You probably should prioritize those. For example, the second image is the most important one, so we have to make the positioning very clear in the second image itself. That's how the priority goes. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So please send those over. And then. So we're commercializing snack mixes next week, which likely means we're not necessarily packing our variety pack to ship to Amazon until like, you know, early January. So these likely won't even launch, depending on how fast they can. Like maybe February 1st, depending on how fast Amazon can get them in fulfilled. Okay. Which is unfortunate. January would have been great. But we have to ship them and blah, blah, blah. So February will. Yeah. And then on Shopify, these are 8.99, correct? Yes. Or 799. Can't remember what I said. I have to look back at my note. Seven. I think it was 799 or 899. Okay. Just 27 divided by three. What is that? 8.99. That's Amazon's price. Okay. Ours. He's just saying 8.99. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, perfect. And we're doing. Yeah, go, go ahead. I'll let you wrap up with show home Brittany, but I'll jump off to my next call. I was just saying we're doing the photo shoot for protein mixes today, which is great. So then we'll have more. But I'm also realizing that we don't have the main images for it. I asked Lindsay to be done before she left for vacation, but she is now on vacation because. So if we're doing a February 1st, when would you need final main images and a content? Well, if February 1st is launch, then I will need just the images just before that. But what I'm. What we need to do well, ahead of time is to send the inventory to Amazon. Send the what, sorry? Send inventory to Amazon so that it can actually launch on February 1st. Images. I can upload the. Okay. Okay. So I'm gonna say like end of Jan, then. Yeah, we're always hyper aggressive. And then. Yeah, obviously need to wait for inventory though, so that's good. Okay, thank you. Well, Brittany, so I had one question. I see that I'm a little bit confused about the things that I have received in terms of the images, new images. Lindsay sent a. Oh, yeah. Can you share your screen? Sure. Yeah. Okay, so I see that here. Can you see my screen now? Mm. So she sent the chickpea listings. And then I also remember. Oh, the fava ones, too. The. About the variety pack ones. I remember asking her to create six different modules, even for the mobile. I'm not sure if I have received that. Yeah, I think she. I do remember her Sunday bat. Okay. Oh, this is still interrupt. No, I don't think so, actually, For. I see it for favas, favas and chickpeas, probably. Okay, let me see if I can see anything else in these folders. So. So. So you have the fava ones. You're asking for the chickpea ones. No, I have the fava and chickpeas both. If you see my screen right now, See, this is the fava one. She has sent six modules. That's fine. And then also for chickpeas. Has she done the same? Let's see. Oh, no. Oh, no, no. She has to do the chickpeas. Yeah, we need the chickpeas and also the variety packs, the mobile version A plus six different modules. Okay. She is on vacation for a month. That's okay, because what do we have now there? Right now? Yeah, because what we have on Amazon now. Just the old ones, right? Yes. Okay, well, okay, so we need. Yikes. I just know that's a lot of work for her. She was a little bit frustrated when I mentioned that. Yeah. Because it doesn't, like, translate. It's not as easy as just crop and then, you know, segment. Create different segments and then make it. And we're talking about specifically a. Correct. Yes. Yeah. Okay, so. Could you send me a list? So we need chickpea variety. Yes. And then 18 pack and 30 pack. 30 pack, that's right. So those three need to be redone for six. That's right. The mobile version. What do you call them? Six modules. No, that's not. Six modules. Yes. Okay, so chickpeas, A plus content, mobile. Yeah, just a 3. F word. Okay. Yeah. I don't think in your request. Oh, she did say, I'll follow up with the fava beans. Oh, okay. No, that's probably just. Oh, no. So here. Confused. That's still just three. And so what happens? So we just can't upload them because they'll be distorted. Well, we cannot upload them at all because I need all Six modules for each desktop module. I need one module for the mobile. I cannot leave them blank. And did we just not have mobile before? Is that the difference? Like, we just don't recall ever doing this before. So we didn't. There was no process. So the format that we had before for that. It's okay for mobile. The old version that is okay for mobile, we do have. I mean, the version that we have for Variety pack right now, 18 count variety pack. It actually looks distorted on mobile. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I don't have my phone. Okay, so is. Like, how distorted is that? I don't have my phone. Like, can we upload these for now? It'll look bad. That's all. Okay. I think it's better to wait for. Maybe I'll upload the listing images for the A plus. I'll wait. Okay. I'm also just realizing we don't have the protein snack mixes either. Like, I feel like there's a lot of miscommunication here. In fairness to her, when I. I finally see her list of everything she has to do, it's literally crazy. I don't know how she would keep it up, because it's all the rebrand stuff. Trade shows for Costco, Costco shippers. Like, it's her. I don't know how she's even part time. It's crazy. So she's part time. She's part time, and she's not, like, she's, like, technically a contractor. She doesn't really work. Yeah. So. Okay. So I don't even. I'm like, I can't even. She literally got to Thailand today, so it's like, if I email her today, it won't even make a difference. So those will just have to wait. And that's fine. And then also the snack mixes, like, the protein snack mixes will be. Yeah. I mean, for sure. Within a month, and then that sounds good. Okay. All right, great. Because you really don't need them until end of January. If we even Hope to launch February 1st, which you're saying now sounds. Yeah. Like a newbody says he hasn't set up the back end yet either. Right. If we want to launch it in, let's say, February 1st, we'll have to ship them to, safely speaking, the first week of January. Okay. And I don't know if that. That will not happen because I think people are on break. Okay. And rebrand this Costco. I'm gonna cry. Just so many little things to take care of. Okay, well, thank you very much. Yeah. I'm looking Forward to the protein snack mixes because I genuinely think that it tastes so good. Yeah, me too. So I think. And it's definitely like a gap in the market. Like something to munch on that also has protein. Besides Catalina Crunch. What was Catalina Crunch with? How much was that? Go back and look. Catalina Crunch, they have like per gram 10 gram protein. Oh. So 140 grams. Oh, they're going to be more expensive than us. That's good because our bags are 150 and we're $8.99 y they're one bag is 1179 for essentially the same size. Yes. That's great. Doesn't that make you happy? Oh yeah, 100%. I'm really excited for that one. I don't think the rating will go below four stars for that one. That will help us a lot promoting them on Amazon. And don't you think we really need this image? I do all the ingredients explaining course in there. Right. Oh, it'll be so hard not to rip off this literally. Exactly. Because all of our website we are using that circle. Hey. Like this circle because it's the outline of our logo. Right. Okay. So it'll be hard not to just like completely rip off that exact photo. Then we'll have to obviously not put all the good stuff. We'll have to maybe in your. If any of your research points us to what could we replace that with instead of saying all the good stuff. Sure. I think that should at least prepare give give you my recommendations that I think this is. This should be on the second image. The third image, fourth image. Being keto friendly is so wrong. That is just so wrong. But yeah, I also don't think it's. Anyway, people probably will not. The people who actually know about keto probably will not really think it's a keto. But then. But then what's the value then just saying it's keto, I don't understand. Makes me mad. Well anyways, you know, it's something we can test. It's more about what does better in the market. Right. So we'll see what does better. Clearly no one's doing keto anymore anyway, so yes, keto died. Catina crunch. I think they were doing really great when it was keto was trending. Right. So their audience, I don't know if their audience is still with keto but maybe that's why they have kept the term keto. Who knows? Or like everyone just liked it and it feels healthy and they stopped doing keto but they still like the snack like that also makes sense. Maybe. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, well, have a good day. Chat soon. Yeah. Yeah, you as well, Brittany. Bye, now. Happy holidays. Yeah, you, too. Happy holidays. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Design or different items in it or how it's promoted on Amazon. What would that look like? How would we reposition it? There's many different ways we can do it. We can say you know what, we don't need to variety packs, we just need all our dollars behind one it's our hero flavors. It's a 28 times 18. Let's just go hard behind that and sell volume. Then there's another one and saying let's, let's pivot the positioning of the 30 times 15 grams and try just a different sort of angle with it. Or three is a whole new variety pack of like different flavors or something. So there's a few different things that we could try. The other thing that we've been discussing internally now with our new manufacturing and things like that, our finance team has finally finished some of the look in terms of profitability per channel.com is a problem. CA is fine. We're fine on CA and how our position enterprising.com is a drain like and so we've had a very brief discussion about it. We have a board meeting today where I think some more comments will come out of it. But super high level show home. We were almost kind of thinking what if we pulled out of dot com and put that investment into dot ca could we quickly move to a $2 million CA Amazon like in. In could. Could our $800,000 turn into almost 2 million in 2026 if we were to pivot.com attention into dot ca could we ramp up that quickly with rationalized skews hyper focused budget behind variety pack snack mixes and Camelina oil.

Speaker B: 2 million.

Speaker A: You don't have to.

Speaker C: I'll have to do a review.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. But just to think on that because at the end of the day like so what we're doing like what are we doing like 80 to $100,000 worth of sales on dot com. But it is like losing money. So it's not. I know today at the board meeting it's going to be like well and then does.com really have a tolerance for us to increase our price 15%? Likely not. Right. So there's many different ways it's increase your price which is I think the tolerance of that is already low. We're already where we need to be on that. There's pull out and invest your dollars in CA and drive better volume, better results. And thirdly is rationalized to maybe just one skew in the US and try to hold on to something there. But again it's Just a lot of money that we're just thrown at the wall down there when we could really just go deeper in Canada and probably have way more impact.

Speaker B: Agreed. Yeah, yeah, agreed.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: So just food for thought in some of the discussions that are happening this month.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Oh, and one more thing is about the ad spend. It's a quick update. We are spending more than what we were supposed to and have been trying to do some adjustments since we had some success since the 4th of December. When I look at the numbers that spend versus the total revenue between the 4th and the 10th of December, just for a week in the US it's close to 20% and in Canada it's close to 15%. So that's, that's a positive update that I have.

Speaker A: Sorry, what was Canada close to 15%. Yeah. Okay. So that correction is being made. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: And so just imagine if by January we decide like we obviously have two months inventory there in the US that we'd have to like do something with. Right. But imagine, imagine getting 20 to 25% for a while or 20% in Canada because obviously our revenues are much higher. But take those dollars, that $2,000 a month from the US and put it into Canada.

Speaker C: Yeah,

Speaker D: okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. So let's chat snack mixes and timing. So show us what you have there.

Speaker D: I think.

Speaker A: Oh, I didn't ask Annabelle that we should ask in our new item meeting next week. Brittany. Just making sure where we're at with the setup in the back end of the variety pack.

Speaker D: Okay, I can check him now.

Speaker B: I'll share my screen. All right, so I have done a

Speaker C: similar analysis to what I did before. And let me show you four very similar products. I could find four products, two from Catalina Crunch and one from. You pick another one from Prana.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker D: Examples,

Speaker C: the ones, the two that I have found from Catalina Crunch, they're basically different flavors. And then this one is a little bit different because the things that they have, they have, you know. Yeah. So they are different from. The ingredients are different. But then, yeah, it's a mix. And then they're also writing that it's a protein rich thing. Snacks, it's a snack mix. And then it's very similar to ours, Prana. So I did a similar analysis on all of those products. Try to understand the use cases. You'll also see some of the texts highlighted and thought those are something I should notice. And then I have repeated the same process for four products, actually five. But then the fifth one is the Edamame product. So I think that is not as relevant as the other four. And then I have all those highlighted words and sentences. I have just kept them on the summary that it's easy for us to read the important things. And with these, the positioning element is basically it's the same of course, a protein snack mix. So high protein fiber content. And then when you read just flavor and texture. Yeah, it sounds very similar to other two variety packs. But one thing that I have noticed here, here is when they talk about textures and flavor, they really like the assortment of it. So in every single bag you will see taste and texture variety in a single serving. This is something that I have seen them mentioning a number of times. Yeah. So that's another thing. And then of course it's healthy roasted snack again. And then on the go, that's another thing that is similar to other variations that we have. And Then again proudly Canadian 3 farmers farmer founded and clean ingredients. That is another thing that we mentioned in other variety packs too. And that's going to be similar to the others. Now with all of those inputs, I have prepared this through first version and I haven't done ACO yet because I wanted to confirm these are okay.

Speaker D: So yeah, this is exactly where our

Speaker A: positioning like even when we formed this innovation. Exactly the positioning. And then I think, you know what, we're doing this right now to show home as we put it on our website and just talking about how the snack mixes differentiate from the core because the core is also protein, it's fiber, it's crunch, it's all of these things. And so the three. So and I'm just thinking out loud, so the three, the three brands that you brought up, those are definitely like any, any direct competitor brand would be that a more indirect occasion and competitor brand would be your munchie mix or like a Checks mix. Like where we're not ever going to be able to compete on cost. Yeah. Like Checks or the munchie mix. What's that brand?

Speaker C: I have seen those mentioned in the. Yeah, yeah, I have seen those. You see, I have seen those mentioned in the reviews too for these.

Speaker A: Okay. And then also I'm just going to send you a picture of this munchie mix because I'm sure. Can you. Or even just on.

Speaker C: I'm not sure if this is.

Speaker A: This is because Checks Mix Chex is more actual us.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Show you this blue munchie mix. It's actually called Munchies. Once you see it, you'll be like, oh yeah, I know that. I don't know if they're on here. I'll just put it in the chat here for. Here's just a picture of them on Costco, for instance. And. And I. I don't bring these up in terms of, like, price comparable. We're way more premium than they are. But in terms of, like, usage and occasion. Like, like a party mix, like, it's. It's on the go and it's. It's a midday snack, but this is also like a salty indulgence snack. Like in the evening, watching the super bowl, you know, hosting friends. Like, it can be. It can lean a little bit into party mix, like a modern party mix. So if you do see in your SEO or if you do look at those pages a little bit where you might be able to pick something up from a. A more conventional munchy party mix, snack mix, chex mix, Those are definitely some areas you could look at, pulling some things from.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: All right, so by that do you mean if we incorporate those use cases or scenarios they use and incorporate them in the copy, that will be better, right? That's what you want?

Speaker A: Yeah. Like, those use like. No, the copy that you have is good. It's very important. All the copy you have. But yeah, those use cases and those words. Like, it would just interesting to look at words like party mix versus, like, checks mix versus snack mix versus protein, salty snack mix. Like, just make sure you include. Include that wide. Just go that wide out into more conventional party mix, too.

Speaker C: Yeah, got it. Okay. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker D: Can I add two things? I don't see it in your main points, so that's fine. But I saw it earlier. We're definitely. We don't fall under like a keto product, especially not this one.

Speaker C: No, I.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: No.

Speaker A: Okay, that's. And then because that's a question I had. I just chatted Brittany or I just chatted Brenda too, because I'm like, what is keo? Doesn't it just have to be low calorie?

Speaker D: It's low carb. So we're. So technically, if you're actually like in ketosis, you're trying to be under 20 carbs a day and our. For 3/4 of a cup.

Speaker A: We.

Speaker D: So you also subtract the fiber from the carbs. So where I think I just looked, I'm like, that's. I was trying to find the backup pack. So we're at 23 grams of carbs for three fourths of a cup. And then you subtract the fiber. So we're like 11. So we're essentially like half of their daily carbs for a third for one serving. So we're definitely not keto. And then the other thing was if you're, if you are building the page, just double checking that these are all Canadian spellings, like flavor savory.

Speaker A: Oh yeah, things like that.

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Okay. One thing I wanted to verify this product. Is it gluten free?

Speaker D: No, it is not.

Speaker A: Because the pretzel. Yeah. So that's a big. Watch out.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: And sorry. So keto. So we are after daily carbs in, in our serving size. So we are keto.

Speaker D: No, so like basically if you had that, that you, you've already eaten half of your carbs for the day, like you can't have.

Speaker A: Right. But it still is keto. They just have to, they just need. They're managing their carbs, but the item itself is below the carb threshold. They just decide what they eat and how much they eat. Right? Yeah. So you are keto. Well, like if Catalina Crunch is keto, we're keto.

Speaker D: Look at Catalina Crunches. Can you pull show home?

Speaker A: Like it's the same item.

Speaker C: The thing is, look at their, their brand is, their audience is I guess too much inclined towards keto. That's how probably they build their.

Speaker D: Show their NFT. Can you show their NFT?

Speaker C: Okay,

Speaker D: so 13. But then their fiber is. Yeah, 5. So then they're at 8, 4.

Speaker A: Because I think this is.

Speaker D: Or how many carbs.

Speaker A: This is only a 30 gram serving,

Speaker D: I think for a third of a cup. Yeah. So this is also, it's technically that's. I did keto for two years. Like I would never.

Speaker A: Yeah, I would never.

Speaker D: So.

Speaker A: But that's, but that's where I'm getting clarity. So. Because it's not keto if you're more than their carb intake. Like we don't decide for them what they eat. You can be keto and you eat one cup of. You eat one cup of snack mix and you eat one protein bar your whole day. Or you can be keto and eat a pack of bacon and that's all you eat all day. So it's more. I think you do regulatory wise, you do fall into keto. But then how the keto dieter decides what they eat in a day? You can be a consideration, but I guess you are a keto consideration. Yeah.

Speaker D: Yes. Well then we could say, I would make that argument more for our core because our pretzels make us worse. But our core is better. Right, because obviously we don't have pretzels. So maybe that is something that we look at then if we do want to make that claim, then it's definitely our core products more than this. Yeah.

Speaker A: So I just asked Brenda from like a regulatory standpoint, like the absolute formula for a keto claim, do we calculate within that claim for all of our products or some of our products, and then. And we'll validate if we can use that word, show home. Because again, yes, that's likely a good search term to show up.

Speaker D: I think Chad tried to say this too, and I was like, oh, yeah. But we didn't look into it. Like, regulatory. Yeah. ChatGPT says there's no official government regulation on keto.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's just like a formulation. It's like, what's another thing? I'm trying to think. I'm trying to think. Oh, it's like. So when we say low fat, like, if you're able to say low fat, there's like a formula that you have to punch in in terms of your fat breakdown. It's not all just saturated fat, trans fat. It's like there's a formula that the regulatory people pump, pump in, and they may like, oh, yeah, you fall in. So right now, even protein.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: We can call ourselves a protein snack mix.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Because our formula of protein, fiber, and all the things that actually create a complete protein within your body reaches the rich. It's like 21 or something. So we can say rich. We can say rich in protein. We can't just say has protein. So if you can say rich in protein, you can actually put protein in your title description. If you can't say rich in protein and you can only say good source of protein, you can't actually be called a protein snack mix.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's like all these little formulas and are you over 20% or are you under 20%? And then that dictates what you can actually say.

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. Interesting. Yeah.

Speaker A: And marketing. If we can use keto, we want to use keto. Because people think,

Speaker D: only if people actually don't know. That would be my only. Like, I would. Because I remember getting pissed off when you pick up a packet saying, like, oh, keto friendly. And then you read the back and you're like, no, you're effing not right. So I don't want to fall there. But at the same time. Yeah, let's trick people who don't use 100. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: So show home. Can you send that to us so that we have just one more review? And then you said you'll start on sort of the SEO, you can go a little bit wider into party mix occasions if you want to pick anything up from there. Meanwhile, we'll follow up with our team on where we're at in setting up the back end codes and then images are to come. Lindsey will be working on those as soon as she gets back.

Speaker C: Yeah. And also for the images, I mean, these talking points are the key messages that I have mentioned. You probably should prioritize those. For example, the second image is the most important one, so we have to make the positioning very clear in the second image itself. That's how the priority goes.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. So please send those over. And then. So we're commercializing snack mixes next week, which likely means we're not necessarily packing our variety pack to ship to Amazon until like, you know, early January. So these likely won't even launch, depending on how fast they can. Like maybe February 1st, depending on how fast Amazon can get them in fulfilled.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Which is unfortunate. January would have been great. But we have to ship them and blah, blah, blah. So February will.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker D: And then on Shopify, these are 8.99, correct? Yes.

Speaker A: Or 799. Can't remember what I said. I have to look back at my note.

Speaker D: Seven.

Speaker A: I think it was 799 or 899.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Just 27 divided by three. What is that? 8.99. That's Amazon's price.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Ours. He's just saying 8.99. Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah. Okay,

Speaker A: perfect.

Speaker D: And we're doing. Yeah, go, go ahead.

Speaker A: I'll let you wrap up with show home Brittany, but I'll jump off to my next call.

Speaker D: I was just saying we're doing the photo shoot for protein mixes today, which is great. So then we'll have more. But I'm also realizing that we don't have the main images for it. I asked Lindsay to be done before she left for vacation, but she is now on vacation because. So if we're doing a February 1st, when would you need final main images and a content?

Speaker C: Well, if February 1st is launch, then I will need just the images just before that. But what I'm. What we need to do well, ahead of time is to send the inventory to Amazon.

Speaker D: Send the what, sorry?

Speaker C: Send inventory to Amazon so that it can actually launch on February 1st. Images. I can upload the.

Speaker D: Okay. Okay. So I'm gonna say like end of Jan, then. Yeah, we're always hyper aggressive. And then. Yeah, obviously need to wait for inventory though, so that's good. Okay, thank you.

Speaker C: Well, Brittany, so I had one question. I see that I'm a little bit confused about the things that I have received in terms of the images, new images. Lindsay sent a. Oh, yeah.

Speaker D: Can you share your screen?

Speaker C: Sure. Yeah. Okay, so I see that here. Can you see my screen now?

Speaker D: Mm.

Speaker C: So she sent the chickpea listings. And then I also remember. Oh, the fava ones, too. The. About the variety pack ones. I remember asking her to create six different modules, even for the mobile. I'm not sure if I have received that.

Speaker D: Yeah, I think she. I do remember her Sunday bat.

Speaker C: Okay. Oh, this is still interrupt. No, I don't think so, actually,

Speaker D: For. I see it for favas, favas and chickpeas, probably. Okay, let me see if I can see anything else in these folders. So. So. So you have the fava ones. You're asking for the chickpea ones.

Speaker C: No, I have the fava and chickpeas both. If you see my screen right now, See, this is the fava one. She has sent six modules. That's fine. And then also for chickpeas. Has she done the same? Let's see. Oh, no. Oh, no, no. She has to do the chickpeas. Yeah, we need the chickpeas and also the variety packs, the mobile version A plus six different modules.

Speaker D: Okay. She is on vacation for a month.

Speaker C: That's okay,

Speaker D: because what do we have now there?

Speaker C: Right now?

Speaker D: Yeah, because what we have on Amazon now. Just the old ones, right?

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker D: Okay, well, okay, so we need. Yikes. I just know that's a lot of work for her.

Speaker C: She was a little bit frustrated when I mentioned that.

Speaker D: Yeah. Because it doesn't, like, translate.

Speaker C: It's not as easy as just crop and then, you know, segment. Create different segments and then make it.

Speaker D: And we're talking about specifically a. Correct.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker D: Yeah. Okay, so. Could you send me a list? So we need chickpea variety.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker D: And then 18 pack and 30 pack.

Speaker C: 30 pack, that's right.

Speaker D: So those three need to be redone for six.

Speaker C: That's right. The mobile version.

Speaker D: What do you call them? Six modules.

Speaker C: No, that's not. Six modules. Yes.

Speaker D: Okay, so chickpeas, A plus content, mobile. Yeah, just a 3. F word. Okay. Yeah. I don't think in your request. Oh, she did say, I'll follow up with the fava beans.

Speaker C: Oh, okay. No, that's probably just.

Speaker D: Oh, no. So here.

Speaker C: Confused.

Speaker D: That's still just three. And so what happens? So we just can't upload them because they'll be distorted.

Speaker C: Well, we cannot upload them at all because I need all Six modules for each desktop module. I need one module for the mobile. I cannot leave them blank.

Speaker D: And did we just not have mobile before? Is that the difference? Like, we just don't recall ever doing this before. So we didn't. There was no process.

Speaker C: So the format that we had before for that. It's okay for mobile. The old version that is okay for mobile, we do have. I mean, the version that we have for Variety pack right now, 18 count variety pack. It actually looks distorted on mobile.

Speaker D: Okay. Yeah. Okay. I don't have my phone. Okay, so is. Like, how distorted is that? I don't have my phone. Like, can we upload these for now?

Speaker C: It'll look bad. That's all. Okay. I think it's better to wait for. Maybe I'll upload the listing images for the A plus. I'll wait.

Speaker D: Okay. I'm also just realizing we don't have the protein snack mixes either. Like, I feel like there's a lot of miscommunication here. In fairness to her, when I. I finally see her list of everything she has to do, it's literally crazy. I don't know how she would keep it up, because it's all the rebrand stuff. Trade shows for Costco, Costco shippers. Like, it's her. I don't know how she's even part time. It's crazy. So she's part time. She's part time, and she's not, like, she's, like, technically a contractor. She doesn't really work. Yeah. So. Okay. So I don't even. I'm like, I can't even. She literally got to Thailand today, so it's like, if I email her today, it won't even make a difference. So those will just have to wait. And that's fine. And then also the snack mixes, like, the protein snack mixes will be. Yeah. I mean, for sure. Within a month, and then that sounds good.

Speaker C: Okay. All right, great.

Speaker D: Because you really don't need them until end of January. If we even Hope to launch February 1st, which you're saying now sounds.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker D: Like a newbody says he hasn't set up the back end yet either.

Speaker C: Right. If we want to launch it in, let's say, February 1st, we'll have to ship them to, safely speaking, the first week of January.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker D: And I don't know if that. That will not happen because I think people are on break. Okay. And rebrand this Costco. I'm gonna cry. Just so many little things to take care of. Okay, well, thank you very much.

Speaker C: Yeah. I'm looking Forward to the protein snack mixes because I genuinely think that it tastes so good.

Speaker D: Yeah, me too. So I think. And it's definitely like a gap in the market. Like something to munch on that also has protein. Besides Catalina Crunch. What was Catalina Crunch with? How much was that? Go back and look.

Speaker C: Catalina Crunch, they have like per gram 10 gram protein. Oh.

Speaker D: So 140 grams. Oh, they're going to be more expensive than us. That's good because our bags are 150 and we're $8.99 y they're one bag is 1179 for essentially the same size.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker D: That's great. Doesn't that make you happy?

Speaker C: Oh yeah, 100%. I'm really excited for that one. I don't think the rating will go below four stars for that one. That will help us a lot promoting them on Amazon.

Speaker D: And don't you think we really need this image?

Speaker C: I do all the ingredients explaining course in there. Right.

Speaker D: Oh, it'll be so hard not to rip off this literally. Exactly. Because all of our website we are using that circle. Hey. Like this circle because it's the outline of our logo.

Speaker C: Right. Okay.

Speaker D: So it'll be hard not to just like completely rip off that exact photo. Then we'll have to obviously not put all the good stuff. We'll have to maybe in your. If any of your research points us to what could we replace that with instead of saying all the good stuff.

Speaker C: Sure. I think that should at least prepare give give you my recommendations that I think this is. This should be on the second image. The third image, fourth image.

Speaker D: Being keto friendly is so wrong. That is just so wrong.

Speaker C: But yeah, I also don't think it's. Anyway, people probably will not. The people who actually know about keto probably will not really think it's a keto.

Speaker D: But then. But then what's the value then just saying it's keto, I don't understand. Makes me mad.

Speaker C: Well anyways, you know, it's something we can test. It's more about what does better in the market. Right. So we'll see what does better.

Speaker D: Clearly no one's doing keto anymore anyway, so yes, keto died.

Speaker C: Catina crunch. I think they were doing really great when it was keto was trending. Right. So their audience, I don't know if their audience is still with keto but maybe that's why they have kept the term keto. Who knows?

Speaker D: Or like everyone just liked it and it feels healthy and they stopped doing keto but they still like the snack like that also makes sense.

Speaker C: Maybe. Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah. Okay, well, have a good day. Chat soon.

Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah, you as well, Brittany. Bye, now. Happy holidays.

Speaker D: Yeah, you, too. Happy holidays.

Speaker C: Bye.

