Transcript for: Recording__586.mp4
Title: Recording #586
============================================================

Thing we reviewed. So we finished up stress. Last time we kind of talked about different ways to practice it. Did you get a chance to play around with anything we talked about? Yeah, what I did is I. I went to Accent Advisor and then I was just. I mean, I'm just. I was just going through them. And then I also went to the website that he showed me last time and also Engvid. So I did these three, but I didn't get a chance to create sentences or listen to the old songs and readings. Yeah. Okay, well, whatever you do get a chance to go. How has it been on the website, Accent Advisor? Are you able to hear stress pretty well? Yeah. You know what? So I was doing the website just before our call and I got a lot of them. Right. So 23 right and eight wrong. But then for some of them that I got wrong. For example, locate. Serious. I'm having trouble listening for those trace. So for serious, locate. I mean, I know it's in hello, but I don't know how. How that is. Even when I listen to it again and again, I'm having a hard time identifying that there are some words where it's happening. Yeah. Some of the recordings are definitely better than others on that side as well. Yeah. And then for one, one more word. Autonomy. Autonomy. Yeah, you see that? So that I pronounce it differently. And then I. This was a nice discovery for me. So it's pronounced differently. Autonomy with the stress on T O n tone. So, yeah, it's totally pronounced differently compared to how I used to do it. Yeah. So where did you guess the stress was? Or was it just a pronunciation thing? The stress was in. Where did I guess it was incorrectly? Yes, I think I. I guess it is on auto. And that's how I was pronouncing it. It's like I thought that auto is one syllable. Autonomy, you see, but it's not the case. Right. So it said a ton. It's like a T. And then it's like how you would pronounce the word O N on. Yeah, yeah. So another thing that I was thinking when I was going over these words on Engvid is probably, I'll send you some words if you send me a recording, that will be good. I know that you did in the class. But then I cannot listen to them again. Right. So if you send me some recordings, then I'll be able to listen to them whenever I need to. Sure. If you want to send me the list. You said you got eight of them wrong. Yeah, but not this list. I'm talking about the list from Engvid where the pronunciation changes based on the part of speech, so from noun to verb. So, yeah, I'll probably send some words from there so that I can understand how it's shifting the pronouns. The stress is shifting. Sure. Yeah, for sure. If you have a few that you're still trying to sort out there. Yeah. And then once you're more comfortable listening for stress, you know, through the recordings or through the practice, I think definitely transferring it to some sentences. And then once we go from sentences to the bigger readings would be helpful. I think even before that though, if you just want to listen to some music, it doesn't have to be the music that I gave you that I highlighted. Any music you listen to should have pretty noticeable stress. And just as a reminder, the stress is longer, louder, higher in tone, so you'll definitely be able to hear. A lot of singers will drag one word out for like a few different seconds. So just being able to listen for the pattern of stress, it's much more noticeable in music. And then your brain kind of shifts to it. So that can be helpful even at this level before you start listening to sentences. Yeah, right. Well, now also, I have started noticing whenever I'm listening to some YouTube video, at least I mean for. Even for Shua. I mean, not for stress, but even for sure, I started noticing the familiar words when they're saying those words I'm. I can identify. Okay, so here, this is how they're pronouncing it differently. But then. So that also means that I have to make myself familiar with more words. You know, expose my. Myself to more words where it's pronounced differently compared to how I used to do it. So then I'll be able to identify them. So now that you're able to listen, are you becoming more familiar with different words? No, it's just very common words. For example, maybe I'll say it wrong even now, but believe so, yeah, whenever. Whenever I listen to that word, I can identify, oh yeah, this. This guy is pronouncing it differently. Even when a client sent me a recording of how he was pronouncing two in sentences, I was saying, oh, so yeah, this is different. Yeah, that's definitely good to listen for as well. Especially since we've talked about some words will be more enunciated versus sometimes will be in the schwa. Sometimes you're going to say because, and sometimes you'll just say oh yeah, because. So noticing when people are switching around like that can also be helpful as well. So do you have any other questions on stress? Obviously, stress and Schwab we're going to keep peeking in on, but I would like to also branch out a little bit to some new sounds. Well, no, it's just that, I mean, I don't know how I'll do it, but I need to practice more. That is all. I don't have any questions for now. Okay. Yeah, go ahead, send me that list. And then I'll probably be able to read the word, talk about the stress, make a short sentence. As long as it's not like the whole list, we'll be able to go through that. In that case, then I would like to go on to our next sound. If you go to Accent Advisor shared with me, you'll see something called wide shore A. Okay, let me go there. Wide shorty. Yeah. Do you want me to open the worksheet? Yes, go ahead, open the worksheet. And we're going to read about this fancy sound. We're going to learn some new terms. Go ahead and read the first paragraph when you're ready. Okay. In English, we may. Okay, sorry. In English, many vowel sounds are short, meaning they are simple and static, using only one mouth morph or position. For the sound to be clear and distinct, the tongue and mouth position must be exact so that it is not mistaken for another vowel or spoken indistinctly, causing the listener to ask for clarification. Since the term short refers to the simplicity of the vowel and not the duration, the sound may be stretched in some words, but it remains in the same position. So it is still a short vowel. All right, so let's talk about that new term right there, short vowel. Have you heard of short and long vowels before? No. All right, good. Because there's a lot of people who hear the wrong thing about them. So it's good that it's kind of a new idea altogether. So short and long vowels are not how long you make the sound. So if I ever. If you're ever going over these short vowels, they are not shorter than a long vowel, with the exception of schwa. That's because schwa doesn't have stress. It's usually shorter than any other sound. But as far as the other vowels that are long and short that we'll go over, they are generally not, you know, stress free. So they will not be shorter. What does it say? Short files actually are. It describes it a bit here. Do you. Do you want me to read something? The one you just read kind of describes it a little bit. Yeah, yeah. So it talks about movement and what's happening with it. Okay. I didn't really understand if you. If you can explain a little bit. For sure. So we have two types of vowels. One of them, your tongue stays still, and the other one, it moves. So when you make the schwa sound, for example, if you make schwa and you hold it out for a couple seconds, what is your tongue doing? It's going to. So go ahead, make the schwa. Make the schwa sound. Yeah, it's going to stay there in the relaxed position. There are some sounds, though. For example, if you say A, you can see my mouth is moving. My tongue is also going to be moving. A, A. So you can see it's moving. Schwa. A, A One moves, one doesn't. Long vowels move. Short vowels stay in place. Okay, so if we see this sound, it says wide shore, A. We see it's a short sound. What's going to be happening? It will stay there. Like to. Yeah, so that's why you. You also gave me the example of schwa. So there's some similarity between schwa and short vowels in the sense that it stays there. That is. Yeah. Schwa is a short vowel. Oh, okay. Yes. So schwa is a short vowel just because it doesn't move. That's the only reason it's a short vowel. They don't have too much else in common. Schwa is kind of unique, and it doesn't have stress, and it's the only short vowel you will find at the end of a word. Okay. You can also see under wide, short, A. You can see this IPA symbol. It's kind of like an A and an E smashed together. And do you remember going over ipa? Yeah. So what would this symbol mean? If you look it up in a dictionary and it shows the symbol, it would mean short A. Yes. Wide, short A. Specifically, wide, short A. Okay, perfect. Yeah. So that's what a short vowel is. Long vowel is movement. Short vowel is still. Let's see what else is going on. Okay, so specifically with this one, if you want to read the next paragraph, there are two short A sounds that must be distinguished. Wide shorty and lax shorty. This lesson will focus on wide shorty. To pronounce this sound, the tongue must be flattened out at the bottom of the mouth as it is pressed down, and the back of the tongue is displaced and moves backward, tightening the throat. Some native speakers move the tongue up in the rear center of the mouth instead, which produces the same tension, but sound and sound, but more nuzzle. Nasal, nasal, okay. All right. The leads are move outward to widen the mouth, and the jaw drops slightly. These positions are done simultaneously for a static sound, not in succession, like a moving sound. All right, so what is it saying here? It's saying how many types of short A are there? There are two. Short. Short A. Yes. And what is happening with this one? We'll be going over why short A here? There are three things that are happening here. One thing with tongue, then lips, and another one with the jaw. So for the tongue, we are keeping it down, but then it seems like the rear end of the tongue, it's going to move backward. How is that? Who knows? Anyway, so that's going to happen. And leaps, they will move outwards to widen the mouth. Okay, I'll have to see how. How that is done, and then I'll show you. I'll show you. Okay, for sure. Yeah. So that's the basic gist of it. The tongue is going to be squished downwards. We'll talk about how. Kind of like schwa, isn't it? Like, if it is not drawn backward, then it is kind of like schwa. When you are saying that, it's going to be on the bottom. It is on the bottom, just like schwa. And actually, on the diagram on the next page, we'll look at in just a minute, it actually shows here's schwa, and then it shows here's this sound. So we'll be able to see a direct comparison. But it is very similar in that way. It's almost like schwa, but with more tension and stress. Okay, and we'll talk about what tenseness is in the next paragraph. Actually, you want to go ahead and read that. Okay, sure. Let's do that. This sound is very tense, so it is recommended to keep it brief to avoid annoying your listener. This is done by chopping off your voice as soon as the sound is made before continuing with the next letter in the word. You also want to ensure the tension doesn't cause you to go too high in pitch. Okay. Okay. Are you familiar with tense and lax spells? Tense and lax vowels? No. All right. All this means is this sound is tense. And if you take your arm and you kind of tense it up, kind of like you're flexing, what happens to the muscle there? I mean, what happens to the muscle there? You just flex. Yeah, it's flexing. So, yeah, it's tensing, which means it's tensed up. And it's not really as movable. Huh. And it's not relaxed. So we have Two types of sounds we have tense, where you know you're going to kind of be tightening either your tongue or your throat. It's going to be a little stiffer, it's going to be a little tougher, or you will have lax sounds where it's going to be more relaxed. You know, they can both move. You know, they can both be long or short. We can have a long sound that is tense. Just because it's a little flex doesn't mean that you can't move your arm. Right. But this sound, it means that we will be tense and kind of stiffening our mouth a little bit, if that makes sense. So schwa, if you remember, everything is relaxed. So is schwa a tense or a lax sound? What is that? Last question. So if schwa is relaxed rather than tensed, is it a tense or lax? Yeah, lax. This sound will be tense. So that's another difference between this sound and schwa. Okay, we're going to look at more of a comparison next time. We're going to look at something called lack, short a, and we're going to see exactly how it's different in comparison. But for this sound, just know it's going to be kind of stiffened with the muscle, since the tongue is, you know, kind of a muscle. Let's go ahead and go to the next page and look at the diagram and then go over if you have any questions. Okay, so do you want me to read the note before going to the next page? The note is just talking about how you don't want to raise your intonation on this. We haven't really gone over intonation, so if I see you doing it, I'll point it out. But for right now, the note can just. Okay. All right. So I'm in the next page where it is showing the diagram for comparison. The relaxed schwa tongue position is in gray and. Okay, I see. So the gray one is the schwa, and the white short A is going to be the one in red. Yes. We will do this with all of our vowels. We're going to see schwa and compared to whatever sound it is, because schwa is in complete resting position. So if I ever say, oh, yeah, you have to move your tongue up, it's like, well, up from what? Up from schwa position. So you did actually notice before we saw this that it is very similar to schwa in that it's at the bottom of the mouth. So if I ever ask, where is your tongue when you're making the sound? Start with, is it on the bottom Middle or top? Okay. So where is your tongue with this particular sound? Bottom. Yes. You can also see what is happening to everything besides the tongue. So we usually look at lips, jaw, tongue, throat. Yeah. So with the a jaw, it's open, of course. And I don't know how it means. What it means by wide in the mouth. Like, you just open. I'll show you when I. When I read it. What. What's going on there? And tight in the throat. Okay. What that means is that you're just going to kind of tense your throat a little bit. You know, you're not gonna, like, cut off your air supply, but you'll just tense your throat a little bit. When you make the schwa sound, everything's relaxed. It just flows. The throat's not really doing anything with this sound. It's more a little stiff. So this sound is actually pronounced like ah, Ah. Ah. Like cat. Cat. Yeah. So. So if you make the ah, you should be able to feel that your tongue is down, and you can feel that your throat is just a little tense. Make the sound one more time. Yeah, yeah, I see that. Okay. Yeah. So you could just feel a little bit of a difference in your throat. It's. It's hard to describe. No, no, I understand. Yeah, yeah. Don't worry about your tongue going back. As long as you're able to squish your tongue down, it will naturally do that. You know, you don't have to be able to. You don't have to be like, do I feel my tongue going backwards? That's not really something that you can feel very easily. As long as your tongue is down, it should be going back naturally. So don't worry about it. Any questions on this before we move on? All right, let's go to the examples. Oh, what do you mean by the. Are you going to show the white? I will show you. Yes. Okay, so if you look at these examples. So with schwa, the comparison, again, it's good to compare lips as well as the tongue. So if I make the schwa sound, what happens with my lips? It just. It's just open. That's it. And it's not. It's doing nothing except for just opening it a little bit. Yeah. It's literally just there, but with this sound, it's tensed a little bit is all. So instead of like, if, for example, if I said apple, I change it to apple. Okay. So it's just back a little bit. Hmm. Okay. Yeah. I think that also kind of happens naturally, right? Yeah. Yeah. People tend to sometimes relax the sound a little bit and then with some words it kind of sounds like almost like this sound mixed with the schwa. And so for example, instead of bad, sometimes people pronounce kind of like bud. No. Okay, so yeah, even though I haven't really heard you say this sound really incorrectly or confused as another sound, it's also a good introductory sound to what tenseness is and kind of being able to be aware of what your mouth is doing and all that fun stuff. So tense, short, good introduction all around. Got it. All right, I'm going to read the first two lines and I want you to just listen. You can kind of almost hear how tense the sound is. And then if you can, watch my lips as well. Okay, so Apple application. Man. Taxi, Tax. Pass. Answer map. Uh huh. Do you want me to repeat any words? No, these are very simple words, right? Yeah. Okay, how about this? I read some of these and please tell me if. I mean how different is my pronunciation with what it needs to be. That's the next step is if you could finish up the rest of these. Yeah, sure. So glass, Catch. Chance. Bad action. Half. Probably this one. Half that's fine. Happen. Must master Fast Chat. Gas. Astronaut. Have. Has actually balance. Can you say the last one one more time? The last one, the balance. Balance. Actually, actually fun fact. The second. No, not actually. Sorry, no, the last one. But actually in balance, the second A is pronounced as an I sound. Balance. Is that a? That's not a wide shorty. Right, but you were just pointing out we're good with the wide short A, but with the word itself, it's instead of balance, it's balance. Balance. Like I short eye. Yeah, balance. Okay. Okay. So what do you think about the pronunciation? How different is it from what it actually should be? No, it's. It sounds pretty good. Can you feel your tongue being squished down? No, I didn't do that. I didn't, I didn't try to feel that. How would I try a few more and then observe what's happening. Yeah. So now that I've been able to hear, go ahead and read the last two lines again. Okay. Actually. Or you could reread the last four lines again. Okay. With the first two, pay attention to your lips. See if you could feel your lips going back a little bit, you can actually look in your camera if you're able to watch yourself. It's always very helpful when learning a new sound if there's a new lip movement to actually watch your own lips. So for the first two lines, pay attention to Your lips. For the second, try to see if you could feel your throat and your tongue tense. Tense. Yeah. Let's see. The thing is, I cannot see myself when I'm trying to look at another screen here. So I can. Ah, that'll take time. If it's better, you could go ahead and just try to feel for now and then look in the mirror later. Yeah, sure. Just a second. Maybe I can just open it on my phone and at the same time I can just. One second. Okay. I'm taking time. All right, let's do it. Okay. Yes. All right. Whenever you're ready. First two lines, lips. First two lines or last 4? First 2 lines that you read, you'll be focusing on lips. The next two lines on your tongue. Yeah. Glass cat. I didn't see that chance. Bad action have happen, Master. But also I feel like I'm opening my mouth more rather than doing this. That's what I think. As long as you are. I do see that you're going back to some extent. As long as you are going back, maybe you don't have to open your mouth as much. But as long as you're tensing your lips, that's the main thing. Right. Okay. And then for the last two, I should be focusing more on the tongue position. Yeah. See if you can feel. You probably won't be able to see in there, unfortunately, but see if you can feel your tongue being squished down. Sometimes it could be helpful to kind of do a refresher of schwa. So if you make a schwa sound. See. Okay, this is where my tongue is, where it's resting. The tip of my tongue can feel this part of my teeth. You know, kind of get a place and then read these words with the short a sound. Compare it to schwa. Is your tongue lower? Is it squished? Is the tip of your tongue more forward? Something like that. Got it. Okay, let me try that. Fast, fast. Chat. Gas. Astronaut. Have. Has actually balance, balance, balance. Anyway. Yeah, I see. What I see is, yeah, the tongue is relaxed. And also I feel a bit of a strain towards the bottom. So probably that's because it's moving backward. Yeah, you're probably feeling the strain in your throat. Make sure that you don't over strain yourself or lose your voice or anything. But it is good that you could feel it to some extent. Just make sure it's not too much. You could beat yourself up over it, but you could feel that you have a flat tongue. You could see that your lips did get tense and go back yeah. All right, good. So this is a good self awareness exercise, just with this one, to be able to see the change with your lips, if you want to look in the mirror later, whatever it is. And to be able to feel, okay, here's the tip of my tongue. Tongue's on the bottom. Tongue's being squished. It can be hard to feel what's going on in your mouth at first. So this is a good introductory sound for that. Let's go ahead and read these sentences and then we should be good. Okay. Hannah had a bad day. Hannah, what do you want me to observe when I'm pronouncing Reading these sentences as you're reading them, just see how the sound sounds to you. It's also interesting to note that a lot of these words have multiple A in different sounds. So just kind of noting which one makes the sound can be helpful. So the first day for Hannah. Yeah, Hannah had a bad day. Actually, we haven't seen that yet. Samantha loves to dance at jazz clubs. The man laughed. Is there a short? Sorry, why short a in left? Left. Left, Left. Yes, Left. Yeah, that's what I meant. When sometimes people can soften the sound a little bit. The man laughed to suppress his sad memories. Relax and smile for the camera. I'm from Manhattan, but I have to be. I have been to California, Alabama and Alaska. Can you please hand me a sandwich and a banana? Can you read number six one more time? Yeah. Can you please hand me a sandwich? Six. Oh, I'm sorry. For me it shows all one. So I don't know. You see, all I know. Anyway, okay. The one with Manhattan. Yeah, I'm from Manhattan, but I have been to California, Alabama and Alaska. Real quick, I'm going to send in the chat one of those state names and we'll go over that real quick before we talk about the sound. How do you say this word, California? There are two schwa here, two schwa here, two schwA in that word. So that must be far. So you're stressing one of the schwas. Cali. California. California. Like one will be in li, another will be in for that or right. California. That will be schwa. R, not schwa. California. It's natural R. It's in the I and the A at the end. So Cal, La Fornia. California. Okay. Yeah. Instead of California. California. California. Okay. Wow. And this is again, of course, I mean, it's more like memorization and getting familiar with where it's happening, right? To an extent. Actually. We're going to talk about when we talk about lack short a, there's a little bit of a pattern for how you can tell what a is. What. But for right now, it's just good to notice that A is tricky. So, yeah, with this sound, it sounds good for the most part, like I said, you pronounce the sound okay. Sometimes you soften it a little bit. Like with master, it almost sounded like muster for a second. But when you know it's there, you say it pretty well. So go ahead and practice this and just keep doing self awareness exercise. It's good to just be able to keep note of what's happening in your mouth. Because that way when we get to really complicated sounds and I say, okay, what's happening here? You need to fix something, you can actually tell me yourself kind of what you're doing wrong. Right? Right. Yeah. All right, go ahead and send me that list of words for the stress practice. Keep practicing and we'll talk next time about where you're at with that. Sure. So you want me to keep practicing the stress? Yes. Stress does not go away. Yeah, no, that's definitely a thing that we need to carry on. And for the white sharp A, do you want me to do something? It's a good self awareness exercise. So if you have time after your stress practice to maybe look yourself in the mirror, compare schwa lips to these lips, kind of schwa position in the mouth to this position in the mouth, just to get more comfortable feeling a change that might be helpful. But you know, nothing. Nothing too elaborate there. Nothing with the sound itself. Really? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Just like more of a self awareness that this is what is happening, this is how it's different. Yeah. Okay. All right, Let me know if you have any questions and I'll see you next time. Yeah. Thank you so much. Of course. Have a good day. Yeah, you too. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Thing we reviewed. So we finished up stress. Last time we kind of talked about different ways to practice it. Did you get a chance to play around with anything we talked about?

Speaker B: Yeah, what I did is I. I went to Accent Advisor and then I was just. I mean, I'm just. I was just going through them. And then I also went to the website that he showed me last time and also Engvid. So I did these three, but I didn't get a chance to create sentences or listen to the old songs and readings. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, well, whatever you do get a chance to go. How has it been on the website, Accent Advisor? Are you able to hear stress pretty well?

Speaker B: Yeah. You know what? So I was doing the website just before our call and I got a lot of them. Right. So 23 right and eight wrong. But then for some of them that I got wrong. For example, locate. Serious. I'm having trouble listening for those trace. So for serious, locate. I mean, I know it's in hello, but I don't know how. How that is. Even when I listen to it again and again, I'm having a hard time identifying that there are some words where it's happening.

Speaker A: Yeah. Some of the recordings are definitely better than others on that side as well.

Speaker B: Yeah. And then for one, one more word. Autonomy.

Speaker A: Autonomy.

Speaker B: Yeah, you see that? So that I pronounce it differently. And then I. This was a nice discovery for me. So it's pronounced differently. Autonomy with the stress on T O n tone. So, yeah, it's totally pronounced differently compared to how I used to do it. Yeah.

Speaker A: So where did you guess the stress was? Or was it just a pronunciation thing?

Speaker B: The stress was in. Where did I guess it was incorrectly?

Speaker A: Yes,

Speaker B: I think I. I guess it is on auto. And that's how I was pronouncing it. It's like I thought that auto is one syllable. Autonomy, you see, but it's not the case. Right.

Speaker A: So it said a ton. It's like a T. And then it's like how you would pronounce the word O N on.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. So another thing that I was thinking when I was going over these words on Engvid is probably, I'll send you some words if you send me a recording, that will be good. I know that you did in the class. But then I cannot listen to them again. Right. So if you send me some recordings, then I'll be able to listen to them whenever I need to.

Speaker A: Sure. If you want to send me the list. You said you got eight of them wrong.

Speaker B: Yeah, but not this list. I'm talking about the list from Engvid where the pronunciation changes based on the part of speech, so from noun to verb. So, yeah, I'll probably send some words from there so that I can understand how it's shifting the pronouns. The stress is shifting.

Speaker A: Sure. Yeah, for sure. If you have a few that you're still trying to sort out there. Yeah. And then once you're more comfortable listening for stress, you know, through the recordings or through the practice, I think definitely transferring it to some sentences. And then once we go from sentences to the bigger readings would be helpful. I think even before that though, if you just want to listen to some music, it doesn't have to be the music that I gave you that I highlighted. Any music you listen to should have pretty noticeable stress. And just as a reminder, the stress is longer, louder, higher in tone, so you'll definitely be able to hear. A lot of singers will drag one word out for like a few different seconds. So just being able to listen for the pattern of stress, it's much more noticeable in music. And then your brain kind of shifts to it. So that can be helpful even at this level before you start listening to sentences.

Speaker B: Yeah, right. Well, now also, I have started noticing whenever I'm listening to some YouTube video, at least I mean for. Even for Shua. I mean, not for stress, but even for sure, I started noticing the familiar words when they're saying those words I'm. I can identify. Okay, so here, this is how they're pronouncing it differently. But then. So that also means that I have to make myself familiar with more words. You know, expose my. Myself to more words where it's pronounced differently compared to how I used to do it. So then I'll be able to identify them.

Speaker A: So now that you're able to listen, are you becoming more familiar with different words?

Speaker B: No, it's just very common words. For example, maybe I'll say it wrong even now, but believe so, yeah, whenever. Whenever I listen to that word, I can identify, oh yeah, this. This guy is pronouncing it differently. Even when a client sent me a recording of how he was pronouncing two in sentences, I was saying, oh, so yeah, this is different.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's definitely good to listen for as well. Especially since we've talked about some words will be more enunciated versus sometimes will be in the schwa. Sometimes you're going to say because, and sometimes you'll just say oh yeah, because. So noticing when people are switching around like that can also be helpful as well. So do you have any other questions on stress? Obviously, stress and Schwab we're going to keep peeking in on, but I would like to also branch out a little bit to some new sounds.

Speaker B: Well, no, it's just that, I mean, I don't know how I'll do it, but I need to practice more. That is all. I don't have any questions for now.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, go ahead, send me that list. And then I'll probably be able to read the word, talk about the stress, make a short sentence. As long as it's not like the whole list, we'll be able to go through that. In that case, then I would like to go on to our next sound. If you go to Accent Advisor shared with me, you'll see something called wide shore A.

Speaker B: Okay, let me go there. Wide shorty. Yeah. Do you want me to open the worksheet?

Speaker A: Yes, go ahead, open the worksheet. And we're going to read about this fancy sound. We're going to learn some new terms. Go ahead and read the first paragraph when you're ready.

Speaker B: Okay. In English, we may. Okay, sorry. In English, many vowel sounds are short, meaning they are simple and static, using only one mouth morph or position. For the sound to be clear and distinct, the tongue and mouth position must be exact so that it is not mistaken for another vowel or spoken indistinctly, causing the listener to ask for clarification. Since the term short refers to the simplicity of the vowel and not the duration, the sound may be stretched in some words, but it remains in the same position. So it is still a short vowel.

Speaker A: All right, so let's talk about that new term right there, short vowel. Have you heard of short and long vowels before?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: All right, good. Because there's a lot of people who hear the wrong thing about them. So it's good that it's kind of a new idea altogether. So short and long vowels are not how long you make the sound. So if I ever. If you're ever going over these short vowels, they are not shorter than a long vowel, with the exception of schwa. That's because schwa doesn't have stress. It's usually shorter than any other sound. But as far as the other vowels that are long and short that we'll go over, they are generally not, you know, stress free. So they will not be shorter. What does it say? Short files actually are. It describes it a bit here.

Speaker B: Do you. Do you want me to read something?

Speaker A: The one you just read kind of describes it a little bit.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: So it talks about movement and what's happening with it.

Speaker B: Okay. I didn't really understand if you. If you can explain a little bit.

Speaker A: For sure. So we have two types of vowels. One of them, your tongue stays still, and the other one, it moves. So when you make the schwa sound, for example, if you make schwa and you hold it out for a couple seconds, what is your tongue doing?

Speaker B: It's going to.

Speaker A: So go ahead, make the schwa. Make the schwa sound.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's going to stay there in the relaxed position.

Speaker A: There are some sounds, though. For example, if you say A, you can see my mouth is moving. My tongue is also going to be moving. A, A. So you can see it's moving. Schwa. A, A One moves, one doesn't. Long vowels move. Short vowels stay in place. Okay, so if we see this sound, it says wide shore, A. We see it's a short sound. What's going to be happening?

Speaker B: It will stay there. Like to. Yeah, so that's why you. You also gave me the example of schwa. So there's some similarity between schwa and short vowels in the sense that it stays there. That is.

Speaker A: Yeah. Schwa is a short vowel.

Speaker B: Oh, okay.

Speaker A: Yes. So schwa is a short vowel just because it doesn't move. That's the only reason it's a short vowel. They don't have too much else in common. Schwa is kind of unique, and it doesn't have stress, and it's the only short vowel you will find at the end of a word.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: You can also see under wide, short, A. You can see this IPA symbol. It's kind of like an A and an E smashed together. And do you remember going over ipa?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So what would this symbol mean? If you look it up in a dictionary and it shows the symbol, it

Speaker B: would mean short A.

Speaker A: Yes. Wide, short A.

Speaker B: Specifically, wide, short A.

Speaker A: Okay, perfect. Yeah. So that's what a short vowel is. Long vowel is movement. Short vowel is still. Let's see what else is going on. Okay, so specifically with this one, if you want to read the next paragraph,

Speaker B: there are two short A sounds that must be distinguished. Wide shorty and lax shorty. This lesson will focus on wide shorty. To pronounce this sound, the tongue must be flattened out at the bottom of the mouth as it is pressed down, and the back of the tongue is displaced and moves backward, tightening the throat. Some native speakers move the tongue up in the rear center of the mouth instead, which produces the same tension, but sound and sound, but more nuzzle. Nasal, nasal, okay. All right. The leads are move outward to widen the mouth, and the jaw drops slightly. These positions are done simultaneously for a static sound, not in succession, like a moving sound.

Speaker A: All right, so what is it saying here? It's saying how many types of short A are there?

Speaker B: There are two. Short. Short A.

Speaker A: Yes. And what is happening with this one?

Speaker B: We'll be going over why short A here? There are three things that are happening here. One thing with tongue, then lips, and another one with the jaw. So for the tongue, we are keeping it down, but then it seems like the rear end of the tongue, it's going to move backward. How is that? Who knows? Anyway, so that's going to happen. And leaps, they will move outwards to widen the mouth. Okay, I'll have to see how. How that is done, and then I'll show you.

Speaker A: I'll show you. Okay, for sure. Yeah. So that's the basic gist of it. The tongue is going to be squished downwards. We'll talk about how.

Speaker B: Kind of like schwa, isn't it? Like, if it is not drawn backward, then it is kind of like schwa. When you are saying that, it's going to be on the bottom.

Speaker A: It is on the bottom, just like schwa. And actually, on the diagram on the next page, we'll look at in just a minute, it actually shows here's schwa, and then it shows here's this sound. So we'll be able to see a direct comparison. But it is very similar in that way. It's almost like schwa, but with more tension and stress. Okay, and we'll talk about what tenseness is in the next paragraph. Actually, you want to go ahead and read that.

Speaker B: Okay, sure. Let's do that. This sound is very tense, so it is recommended to keep it brief to avoid annoying your listener. This is done by chopping off your voice as soon as the sound is made before continuing with the next letter in the word. You also want to ensure the tension doesn't cause you to go too high in pitch. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. Are you familiar with tense and lax spells?

Speaker B: Tense and lax vowels? No.

Speaker A: All right. All this means is this sound is tense. And if you take your arm and you kind of tense it up, kind of like you're flexing, what happens to the muscle there?

Speaker B: I mean, what happens to the muscle there? You just flex.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's flexing. So, yeah, it's tensing, which means it's tensed up. And it's not really as movable.

Speaker B: Huh.

Speaker A: And it's not relaxed. So we have Two types of sounds we have tense, where you know you're going to kind of be tightening either your tongue or your throat. It's going to be a little stiffer, it's going to be a little tougher, or you will have lax sounds where it's going to be more relaxed. You know, they can both move. You know, they can both be long or short. We can have a long sound that is tense. Just because it's a little flex doesn't mean that you can't move your arm. Right. But this sound, it means that we will be tense and kind of stiffening our mouth a little bit, if that makes sense. So schwa, if you remember, everything is relaxed. So is schwa a tense or a lax sound?

Speaker B: What is that? Last question.

Speaker A: So if schwa is relaxed rather than tensed, is it a tense or lax? Yeah, lax. This sound will be tense. So that's another difference between this sound and schwa. Okay, we're going to look at more of a comparison next time. We're going to look at something called lack, short a, and we're going to see exactly how it's different in comparison. But for this sound, just know it's going to be kind of stiffened with the muscle, since the tongue is, you know, kind of a muscle. Let's go ahead and go to the next page and look at the diagram and then go over if you have any questions.

Speaker B: Okay, so do you want me to read the note before going to the next page?

Speaker A: The note is just talking about how you don't want to raise your intonation on this. We haven't really gone over intonation, so if I see you doing it, I'll point it out. But for right now, the note can just.

Speaker B: Okay. All right. So I'm in the next page where it is showing the diagram for comparison. The relaxed schwa tongue position is in gray and. Okay, I see. So the gray one is the schwa, and the white short A is going to be the one in red.

Speaker A: Yes. We will do this with all of our vowels. We're going to see schwa and compared to whatever sound it is, because schwa is in complete resting position. So if I ever say, oh, yeah, you have to move your tongue up, it's like, well, up from what? Up from schwa position. So you did actually notice before we saw this that it is very similar to schwa in that it's at the bottom of the mouth. So if I ever ask, where is your tongue when you're making the sound? Start with, is it on the bottom Middle or top?

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So where is your tongue with this particular sound?

Speaker B: Bottom.

Speaker A: Yes. You can also see what is happening to everything besides the tongue. So we usually look at lips, jaw, tongue, throat.

Speaker B: Yeah. So with the a jaw, it's open, of course. And I don't know how it means. What it means by wide in the mouth. Like, you just open.

Speaker A: I'll show you when I. When I read it. What. What's going on there?

Speaker B: And tight in the throat. Okay.

Speaker A: What that means is that you're just going to kind of tense your throat a little bit. You know, you're not gonna, like, cut off your air supply, but you'll just tense your throat a little bit. When you make the schwa sound, everything's relaxed.

Speaker B: It just flows.

Speaker A: The throat's not really doing anything with this sound. It's more a little stiff. So this sound is actually pronounced like ah, Ah. Ah. Like cat.

Speaker B: Cat. Yeah.

Speaker A: So. So if you make the ah, you should be able to feel that your tongue is down, and you can feel that your throat is just a little tense.

Speaker B: Make the sound one more time. Yeah, yeah, I see that. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you could just feel a little bit of a difference in your throat. It's. It's hard to describe.

Speaker B: No, no, I understand. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Don't worry about your tongue going back. As long as you're able to squish your tongue down, it will naturally do that. You know, you don't have to be able to. You don't have to be like, do I feel my tongue going backwards? That's not really something that you can feel very easily. As long as your tongue is down, it should be going back naturally. So don't worry about it. Any questions on this before we move on? All right, let's go to the examples.

Speaker B: Oh, what do you mean by the. Are you going to show the white?

Speaker A: I will show you. Yes.

Speaker B: Okay,

Speaker A: so if you look at these examples. So with schwa, the comparison, again, it's good to compare lips as well as the tongue. So if I make the schwa sound, what happens with my lips?

Speaker B: It just. It's just open. That's it. And it's not. It's doing nothing except for just opening it a little bit.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's literally just there, but with this sound, it's tensed a little bit is all. So instead of like, if, for example, if I said apple, I change it to apple.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So it's just back a little bit.

Speaker B: Hmm. Okay. Yeah. I think that also kind of happens naturally, right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: People tend to sometimes relax the sound a little bit and then with some words it kind of sounds like almost like this sound mixed with the schwa. And so for example, instead of bad, sometimes people pronounce kind of like bud.

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: Okay, so yeah, even though I haven't really heard you say this sound really incorrectly or confused as another sound, it's also a good introductory sound to what tenseness is and kind of being able to be aware of what your mouth is doing and all that fun stuff. So tense, short, good introduction all around.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: All right, I'm going to read the first two lines and I want you to just listen. You can kind of almost hear how tense the sound is. And then if you can, watch my lips as well. Okay, so Apple application. Man. Taxi, Tax. Pass. Answer map.

Speaker B: Uh huh.

Speaker A: Do you want me to repeat any words?

Speaker B: No, these are very simple words, right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, how about this? I read some of these and please tell me if. I mean how different is my pronunciation with what it needs to be.

Speaker A: That's the next step is if you could finish up the rest of these.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. So glass, Catch. Chance. Bad action. Half. Probably this one. Half that's fine. Happen. Must master Fast Chat. Gas. Astronaut. Have. Has actually balance.

Speaker A: Can you say the last one one more time?

Speaker B: The last one, the balance. Balance.

Speaker A: Actually, actually fun fact. The second. No, not actually. Sorry, no, the last one. But actually in balance, the second A is pronounced as an I sound. Balance.

Speaker B: Is that a? That's not a wide shorty. Right, but you were just pointing out

Speaker A: we're good with the wide short A, but with the word itself, it's instead of balance, it's balance.

Speaker B: Balance. Like I short eye. Yeah, balance. Okay. Okay. So what do you think about the pronunciation? How different is it from what it actually should be?

Speaker A: No, it's. It sounds pretty good. Can you feel your tongue being squished down?

Speaker B: No, I didn't do that. I didn't, I didn't try to feel that. How would I try a few more and then observe what's happening.

Speaker A: Yeah. So now that I've been able to hear, go ahead and read the last two lines again.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Actually. Or you could reread the last four lines again.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: With the first two, pay attention to your lips. See if you could feel your lips going back a little bit, you can actually look in your camera if you're able to watch yourself. It's always very helpful when learning a new sound if there's a new lip movement to actually watch your own lips. So for the first two lines, pay attention to Your lips. For the second, try to see if you could feel your throat and your tongue tense. Tense.

Speaker B: Yeah. Let's see. The thing is, I cannot see myself when I'm trying to look at another screen here. So I can. Ah, that'll take time.

Speaker A: If it's better, you could go ahead and just try to feel for now and then look in the mirror later.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. Just a second. Maybe I can just open it on my phone and at the same time I can just. One second.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: I'm taking time. All right, let's do it. Okay. Yes.

Speaker A: All right. Whenever you're ready. First two lines, lips.

Speaker B: First two lines or last 4?

Speaker A: First 2 lines that you read, you'll be focusing on lips. The next two lines on your tongue.

Speaker B: Yeah. Glass cat. I didn't see that chance. Bad action have happen, Master. But also I feel like I'm opening my mouth more rather than doing this. That's what I think.

Speaker A: As long as you are. I do see that you're going back to some extent. As long as you are going back, maybe you don't have to open your mouth as much. But as long as you're tensing your lips, that's the main thing.

Speaker B: Right. Okay. And then for the last two, I should be focusing more on the tongue position.

Speaker A: Yeah. See if you can feel. You probably won't be able to see in there, unfortunately, but see if you can feel your tongue being squished down. Sometimes it could be helpful to kind of do a refresher of schwa. So if you make a schwa sound. See. Okay, this is where my tongue is, where it's resting. The tip of my tongue can feel this part of my teeth. You know, kind of get a place and then read these words with the short a sound. Compare it to schwa. Is your tongue lower? Is it squished? Is the tip of your tongue more forward? Something like that.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay, let me try that. Fast, fast. Chat. Gas. Astronaut. Have. Has actually balance, balance, balance. Anyway. Yeah, I see. What I see is, yeah, the tongue is relaxed. And also I feel a bit of a strain towards the bottom. So probably that's because it's moving backward.

Speaker A: Yeah, you're probably feeling the strain in your throat. Make sure that you don't over strain yourself or lose your voice or anything. But it is good that you could feel it to some extent. Just make sure it's not too much. You could beat yourself up over it, but you could feel that you have a flat tongue. You could see that your lips did get tense and go back yeah. All right, good. So this is a good self awareness exercise, just with this one, to be able to see the change with your lips, if you want to look in the mirror later, whatever it is. And to be able to feel, okay, here's the tip of my tongue. Tongue's on the bottom. Tongue's being squished. It can be hard to feel what's going on in your mouth at first. So this is a good introductory sound for that. Let's go ahead and read these sentences and then we should be good.

Speaker B: Okay. Hannah had a bad day. Hannah, what do you want me to observe when I'm pronouncing Reading these sentences

Speaker A: as you're reading them, just see how the sound sounds to you. It's also interesting to note that a lot of these words have multiple A in different sounds. So just kind of noting which one makes the sound can be helpful.

Speaker B: So the first day for Hannah. Yeah, Hannah had a bad day. Actually, we haven't seen that yet. Samantha loves to dance at jazz clubs. The man laughed. Is there a short? Sorry, why short a in left?

Speaker A: Left. Left, Left. Yes, Left. Yeah, that's what I meant. When sometimes people can soften the sound a little bit.

Speaker B: The man laughed to suppress his sad memories. Relax and smile for the camera. I'm from Manhattan, but I have to be. I have been to California, Alabama and Alaska. Can you please hand me a sandwich and a banana?

Speaker A: Can you read number six one more time? Yeah.

Speaker B: Can you please hand me a sandwich?

Speaker A: Six.

Speaker B: Oh, I'm sorry. For me it shows all one. So I don't know. You see, all I know.

Speaker A: Anyway, okay. The one with Manhattan.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm from Manhattan, but I have been to California, Alabama and Alaska.

Speaker A: Real quick, I'm going to send in the chat one of those state names and we'll go over that real quick before we talk about the sound. How do you say this word, California? There are two schwa here, two schwa here, two schwA in that word.

Speaker B: So that must be far.

Speaker A: So you're stressing one of the schwas.

Speaker B: Cali. California. California. Like one will be in li, another will be in for that or right. California. That will be schwa. R, not schwa. California.

Speaker A: It's natural R. It's in the I and the A at the end. So Cal, La Fornia.

Speaker B: California. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Instead of California. California.

Speaker B: California. Okay. Wow. And this is again, of course, I mean, it's more like memorization and getting familiar with where it's happening, right?

Speaker A: To an extent. Actually. We're going to talk about when we talk about lack short a, there's a little bit of a pattern for how you can tell what a is. What. But for right now, it's just good to notice that A is tricky. So, yeah, with this sound, it sounds good for the most part, like I said, you pronounce the sound okay. Sometimes you soften it a little bit. Like with master, it almost sounded like muster for a second. But when you know it's there, you say it pretty well. So go ahead and practice this and just keep doing self awareness exercise. It's good to just be able to keep note of what's happening in your mouth. Because that way when we get to really complicated sounds and I say, okay, what's happening here? You need to fix something, you can actually tell me yourself kind of what you're doing wrong.

Speaker B: Right? Right. Yeah.

Speaker A: All right, go ahead and send me that list of words for the stress practice. Keep practicing and we'll talk next time about where you're at with that.

Speaker B: Sure. So you want me to keep practicing the stress?

Speaker A: Yes. Stress does not go away.

Speaker B: Yeah, no, that's definitely a thing that we need to carry on. And for the white sharp A, do you want me to do something?

Speaker A: It's a good self awareness exercise. So if you have time after your stress practice to maybe look yourself in the mirror, compare schwa lips to these lips, kind of schwa position in the mouth to this position in the mouth, just to get more comfortable feeling a change that might be helpful. But you know, nothing. Nothing too elaborate there. Nothing with the sound itself. Really?

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Just like more of a self awareness that this is what is happening, this is how it's different.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: All right, Let me know if you have any questions and I'll see you next time.

Speaker B: Yeah. Thank you so much.

Speaker A: Of course. Have a good day.

Speaker B: Yeah, you too. Bye.

