Transcript for: Recording__799.mp4
Title: Recording #799
============================================================

Is I'm going to give you. Since that was one of the last vowels anyway, I'm going to give you till next class and just review the vowels in general. This one, watch the video practice. We're going to do a vowel review. So either next class or the class after, we're going to do a review, I want you to message me saying, hey, this one is difficult still. This one I'm totally good with 100%. Yeah, I'm going to use that. We're going to review all of them, even the ones that you say you're good with. But we're obviously going to do more or less depending on how you feel. And so we're going to do a review. So I'm going to give you time to keep working on this U. We're going to do the last you in class today. Oh, what is that? The last U is called short U. So before we get into short U, I'm going to tell you it might sound very similar to another. It might sound very similar to another sound we've already gone over. So do I need to guess? Yes. As we're reading it, when we go over the examples, I'm going to read it and you're going to tell me. Oh, this sounds like that. Go. When you're ready, though, go ahead, open the short. You. Yeah. And read the explanation for me. Sure. Okay, so I'm not reading the first paragraph about short vowels, short sounds in lusts. You already forgot what those are. No, no, no. I remember. All right. So the second one, the same tongue position found in the lacks, short U also appears in short U. Widen the throat by dropping the back of the tongue as is done when swallowing. Additionally, drop the jaw to widen the mouth, but without tightening the lips. Keep them relaxed. Okay. So the difference is there's one difference here. Dropping the jaw to widen the mouth. But both the throat and the jaw must drop in unison for shortly. If the jaw drops more than the throat, the vowel sound is short O. If the throat drops more than the jaw, the vowel sound is lax. Short E. Awesome. Do I need to. Oh, yeah. There. There are a couple differences here. What are the two differences that you really have to focus on? So the jaw has to drop. I don't think we discussed particularly about the jaw drop for lack. Short U. That's one difference. And wide in the mouth. Yes. Sorry, one second. We are dropping the jaw to widen the mouth. So that's not two different things. Yeah. So the first one is widening the throat, but that was the case which we already do. Yeah. What about the lips, though? Relaxed here. Yes. So the lips are more relaxed and you drop the jaw differently. Got it. Okay. All right. So do you feel comfortable being able to move your tongue down like that? Since we've been practicing for the other U sound? I. So when I was pronouncing good, I observed the movement. I don't know if I'm doing it correctly. Did I do it correctly right now? Yeah, we're gonna polish it up a little bit, but, yes, you're sounding a lot better with it. Yes. So I noticed what happens with my tongue back there and what I was. So, yes, I did practice a little bit. And then know what I was doing is I was pronouncing good, and I see the throat widening and also the tongue movement. So then, I mean, at the same time, right after pronouncing good, I was trying to pronounce other words to match that O sound. And I think that I was to some extent successful. You think that what? To some extent, it was better than before. That's what I did. Yeah. Well, I think this one is a little bit more straightforward. This one will probably come a little bit more natural. We'll see, though. Let's go down to the examples and see what this word sounds like or this sound sounds like. All right, so I'm going to read the first two lines, then I'm going to have you take over. Same thing as usual. Once you read them, start to feel. Okay, are my lips relaxed? Where's my jaw, throat? It might be helpful if with the first line you read, you notice. Okay, my lips are relaxed. Second line you read, where's my jaw? Third line, throat. Like checking one by one instead of all of them. But same idea as always. You're doing kind of a little roll call on your mouth. All right. As I'm reading, though, I want you to try to see if you could hear how this. What sound. This is similar. All right, so up, love, honey, double cup, come, money, couple. Yeah. It's similar to the lack short A in father. What do I have? What do we have there? Lack short A. Right, father. Yes. So it sounds similar to lax short A, isn't it? Not to me. Really? So, father. Ah. And keep reading. In that case, short O. Not quite. Not quite. Go ahead and read the rest of the words. We'll go over which one it sounds similar to to me at least. Some people say they could hear a distinct difference. Some people say they sound exactly the same. Okay. All right, puppy. That's okay. Yes. Puppy. Some drum. Mother. Gun 1. Drop the jaw a little bit more. Okay, okay, okay. Let me try. Puppy. Some drum. Mother gun one. Dumb brother. Fun. Done. Wonderful. Flood. Run Long company. What? So some of them. I'm definitely hearing the sound. Can you read the last word again? What? What, what? What? Can you read the sentences? I want to see if you read it a little bit differently in sentence format. Now remember, you're definitely trying to feel that you're doing the sound correctly. But I want you to read maybe the first four as you usually would. Alright. One of my brothers is a plumber. Remember when it's mb, you don't pronounce the B. Plumber. Plumber. So words like plumber, climb. Lamb. Mb. The B is gone. Wow. Oh, for. For. So, for the meat. I mean, lamb. Did you say lamb? Not lamb. Yeah, lamb. Okay. Once he cleaned off some of the blood, he wrapped the wound. My heart was beating like a drum. I had fun, but now I'm done. All right, go ahead and read the rest of the sound of the hunter's gun firing was enough to stun the prey. Love is such a wonderful struggle. Do you not agree with me? The thieves cunning was too much for the young inspectors meager wheat. Okay, what was the last one? The thief's cunning was too much for the young inspector's meager wheat. Yeah, be careful with that one. You're overcorrecting a little bit. Instead of using a short I like wit, you're saying it like wheat with a long E. So be careful. When we look at minimal pairs. You're turning long E into short I Usually. But since you're trying to fix that, sometimes your brain is going to start turning long E into short I or long or short I into long long. Yeah. So it's going to start switching them around. So in this case it's a short sound. Wit. Wit. All right. I have a few more words I would like you to look at. Okay. Custom. Fungus. Onion. Succumb. Conduct. Yeah. So for these ones you read it. Mostly you read it a little bit better in these ones than you did in the actual practice. I think maybe you're overthinking it a little bit. I still need to polish it up. We still need to polish it up a little bit, but I'm gonna send you with the ipa. So do you remember talking about ipa? Yeah. So if I said you this with the ipa, would you tell me what that little upside down that is? The short U. Yes, that short U. And what sound do you see in the Opposite syllable on all these words. So, for example, if short u is in the first syllable, there's going to be a specific sound in the second. If short u's in the second, there's going to be a specific sound. Got it. Okay. So the schwa sound. Yes. So as you're listening to these, you might hear that schwa and short U sound very similar. So custom. Yeah. Fungus, onion, succumb, conduct. I agree. And you know what? When I actually did the. I was reading onion, I thought that that first o is schwa. Yeah. So, yeah, these woods are. These would sound to me. They sound exactly the same to a lot of people as well. Schwa could sound a little bit different in some words. For example, in the word I'm trying to see onion, sometimes it sounds a little bit like an I sound, onion instead of onion. But for the most part, we have that usual schwa sound we're used to. And how do we make that schwa sound? What's it sound like? Like, the tongue is flat. Yeah. Relaxed. And it just pronounced like, let the air. Yeah, you're like. It's just. It's pronounced. I don't know what to say. Yes, it is pronounced. And the main difference between schwa and short you is that schwa is never stressed. Short you is always stressed. Okay, so do you remember talking about where schwa comes from? Where does it come from? Yes. Like relaxed sound. I don't. So do you remember the words that have two forms to them? Like a word like this? Because. Yes. And then there's the stress version as well, because. Yes. Yeah. Huh. So schwa, basically, we had a bunch of words, and we said them perfectly. Beautiful, never lazy. And then eventually people started speaking quickly. We would say, you know, because every single time. Because. Become things like that. And we would never use schwa in those words. But then slowly we started adding schwa in there. We started getting a little bit lazy. And schwa sound just so happened to sound like short you. Short you was always there. So even if you're not interested in the history lesson, it's still a little bit important to know because there is the distinct difference in how we use these sounds, and it's important to know that they sound similar for when you start practicing one or the other. So if you're doing schwa practice and you hear a bunch of short you, and you go, aha. We have schwa here, here, and there, and it's really short you. That can mess up the whole schwa thing. If you say, oh, yeah, we have Short U here. And it's really a schwa. You're going to stress the word wrong. So basically, what is similar and what is different with these two sounds? Well, you just said it's mostly in the stress. One is relaxed, another one is stressed. Yes. Yeah. And the stress makes you pronounce it a little bit differently in the throat. So how do you pronounce each in the mouth? What's different for short u? Because it's stressed. The back of the tongue is pressed down and the throat is. Throat widens. That's the difference there. And there's some difference in the lips and jaw. We drop the jaw and lips. They were. Were they relaxed? I forgot. No, they're. I forgot what it said. They're relaxed in both situations. Okay. Yeah. The only difference is the tongue and the jaw. Got it, got it, got it. Sometimes you'll need to adjust and for sure it's nothing much going on except for the tongue being relaxed. Actually, nothing's going on. So, yeah, basically, yes. That being said, I want you to open the short you practice sheet, knowing it's going to sound like schwa. And you're already very familiar with schwa. You already know what you're listening for with schwa. I want you to open the short. You. We're going to read these words and you're basically going to make a stressed schwa sound as you read. Got it? Okay. All right, let's start. First things first. The initial. Can you read the first five words and sentences? Huh? Left. Upstairs. Didn't do anything. I think I left my bag upstairs. No, I'm not doing anything. Stress it a little bit more. Upstairs, upstairs, upstairs. Now you're probably not going to feel like your whole jaw moving and it's not going to be as dramatic with, say, the other you, the lack shorty. Okay. But I guarantee if you can feel it a little stressed, you can feel it a little tensed. That's all you need. I think you were really trying to feel for it with the last time, which is. Why would you go back and you listen to this recording, you're going to hear that when we did the practices on the worksheet that they were a little off. Have you ever heard the idea that if you feel that you're thirsty, you're already dehydrated? Like you're already really dehydrated? Yeah. This is similar. If you can already feel a lot of movement in your jaw, you're already going too far. Okay. So if you could feel it with your hand especially, it's too much. It's a very subtle. Subtle change there. So the tongue goes from being completely relaxed and lazy to just down a little bit. Okay. Yeah. So just a little bit of tenseness is going to push the tongue down. Got it. Okay, let me try left upstairs. I think I left my bag upstairs. The way I'm pronouncing the U. Okay. Gave us. They gave us a free upgrade. I'm feeling a little. Or not feeling, but I'm seeing a little bit of tenseness in the jaw. Yes. So remember, you want to stress the sound. You don't want to tense yourself. If you tense yourself too much, you're gonna not be able to move as naturally. Okay. An hour off that. I was unaware that ones were being made. I was unaware that new ones were being made. Unaware. Yeah. The W. Anyway. Yeah, we'll go over W next time. Sure. Yeah. Never understood. He never understood the rules of the game. And I used to think of is a schwa like that. Oh. Hey, seem, are you there? Hello? What happened? Hello? Sorry about that. I think my Internet was just not a big fan of this weather. Yeah, makes sense. Yeah. It started to forest. Okay, let's go ahead and go to medial Short. You. Okay? I'm going to have you read these ones again. Just the first five. Word and sentence. We're going to talk about how to practice these and next class. Sure. Just the short ones. I mean the words. Words and sentence. Okay. How many? Five by fudge. I always stop there to get fudge for my mother. Tell the judge. Save it for the judge. Lost in the jungle. The plane was lost in the jungle for a hundred years. Supreme court justice, lady justice is often shown with a blindfold above your seat. Stow your luggage above your seat. Yes. All right. So with most of these words now that we've talked about, they sound like a schwa. I'm hearing it pretty well. It's not completely consistent. What I think is happening is that sometimes there's a little bit of that jaw. It's sounding a little bit like a U or o rather once in a while. So what I want you to do is listen to the recording for this. So we have the audio version. So listen to the recording and I'm going to send you an article to practice. Listen to the recording, record yourself. Well, obviously you've recorded yourself here. Go back and listen to here, but also record yourself additionally and listen to. To how it's different in a few different words. So go to the practice sheet. Read the words in the sentences. Go Back and listen and see if you could hear how consistent. Maybe it will be consistent when you do the new one, but see if you could hear whether the sound is consistent or not. So it's just a matter right now of balancing the jaw to make sure it sounds like every single time. Above. Or sorry, above is a schwa. Up stairs, love lung, things like that. That sound very consistent. Same every time. So I'm hearing it correctly in most of them. Just try to clarify it and make sure that all of them sound the same. Do you. Do you. Okay, I have the recording of you reading some of the words anyway. Yeah. Okay. I could read some right now if there's some that you wanted to look at particularly. Yeah, if you could read some of the words. Just the words from the practice sheet. Sure. You have the practice sheet recording on Accent Advisor, but I'll read the same ones that you read as well. We don't, by the way. It's mostly. It's just an example that we. That are recorded. Yeah, we're reading the examples. Is it. I mean, like, it's example on the worksheet. That's where what is recorded, but not the practice. Okay. Yeah. And you know what? I. For some reason can. I mean, I can see you pronouncing. Right. That helps a lot rather than just hearing. Yeah. I'll read the first five for the initial and the medial. And then, of course, Rachel's English breaks down these sounds very well. So the resources I've sent you, Eva's English, Rachel's English, going back and peeking at those as well could be helpful. But don't look at so many that you overwhelm yourself. Like, oh, I've heard from five different things. Only if you go through this and you still feel like you would like more information. All right. But like I said, left upstairs. I think I left my bag upstairs. Gave us. They gave us a free upgrade. Unaware of that. I was unaware that the new ones were being made. Never understood. He never understood the rules of the game. Sounds like a Game of Thrones thing. Utmost importance. It is of the utmost importance that we keep this between us and medial by fudge. I always stop here to get fudge for my mother. Tell the judge. Save it for the judge. Lost in the jungle. The plane was lost in the jungle for a hundred years. Supreme Court Justice, lady justice is often shown with a blindfold above your seat. Stow your luggage above your seat. All right. So anything else that you think would be helpful. That is all. Thank you so much. Of course. All Right. Like I said, I will send you this article where I got those examples from. Go ahead and peek at that if you'd like. We're going to probably go over W next time. We'll talk about why. Then we're going to go over Y and W next time. And then the class after that, we're going to do VAL reviews. So you have two weeks to let me know which VAL you want to work on. More, less, however you want that to go. Okay. So VAL review in about two weeks. Please let me know how to type. Sometimes people have literally messaged me like the day, like the night before, like, hey, can we work out these? I'm like, I don't have time to make you a review at midnight. I'm sorry. Yeah, yeah. But yeah, of course. Let me know. We'll talk about it next time as well. If you had some time, if you have any questions, let me know. Well, no, no questions. But you know what, overall, when you pronounce or say something, I see. It's like, especially your. It seems like everything is very controlled and I don't know, I cannot explain it properly, but it just feels like everything so measured, every movement. That's. That's good, I suppose. Very clear. Yeah. I've been doing this for a minute, so, yeah, I. I'm glad my practice is paying off all right. So, yeah, hopefully that helps my very clear movements. If any questions come up, any further recordings that would be helpful, anything like that, let me know. If not, we will talk about this in two weeks. Okay, sounds good. Thank you so much, Sim. Have a wonderful week, weekend and week. You too. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Is I'm going to give you. Since that was one of the last vowels anyway, I'm going to give you till next class and just review the vowels in general. This one, watch the video practice. We're going to do a vowel review. So either next class or the class after, we're going to do a review, I want you to message me saying, hey, this one is difficult still. This one I'm totally good with 100%. Yeah, I'm going to use that. We're going to review all of them, even the ones that you say you're good with. But we're obviously going to do more or less depending on how you feel. And so we're going to do a review. So I'm going to give you time to keep working on this U. We're going to do the last you in class today.

Speaker B: Oh, what is that?

Speaker A: The last U is called short U. So before we get into short U, I'm going to tell you it might sound very similar to another. It might sound very similar to another sound we've already gone over.

Speaker B: So do I need to guess?

Speaker A: Yes. As we're reading it, when we go over the examples, I'm going to read it and you're going to tell me. Oh, this sounds like that. Go. When you're ready, though, go ahead, open the short. You.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And read the explanation for me.

Speaker B: Sure. Okay, so I'm not reading the first paragraph about short vowels, short sounds in lusts.

Speaker A: You already forgot what those are.

Speaker B: No, no, no. I remember. All right. So the second one, the same tongue position found in the lacks, short U also appears in short U. Widen the throat by dropping the back of the tongue as is done when swallowing. Additionally, drop the jaw to widen the mouth, but without tightening the lips. Keep them relaxed. Okay. So the difference is there's one difference here. Dropping the jaw to widen the mouth. But both the throat and the jaw must drop in unison for shortly. If the jaw drops more than the throat, the vowel sound is short O. If the throat drops more than the jaw, the vowel sound is lax. Short E. Awesome. Do I need to.

Speaker A: Oh, yeah. There. There are a couple differences here. What are the two differences that you really have to focus on?

Speaker B: So the jaw has to drop. I don't think we discussed particularly about the jaw drop for lack. Short U. That's one difference. And wide in the mouth. Yes. Sorry, one second. We are dropping the jaw to widen the mouth. So that's not two different things.

Speaker A: Yeah. So the first one is widening the throat, but that was the case which we already do.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: What about the lips, though?

Speaker B: Relaxed here.

Speaker A: Yes. So the lips are more relaxed and you drop the jaw differently.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay.

Speaker A: All right. So do you feel comfortable being able to move your tongue down like that? Since we've been practicing for the other U sound? I.

Speaker B: So when I was pronouncing good, I observed the movement. I don't know if I'm doing it correctly. Did I do it correctly right now?

Speaker A: Yeah, we're gonna polish it up a little bit, but, yes, you're sounding a lot better with it.

Speaker B: Yes. So I noticed what happens with my tongue back there and what I was. So, yes, I did practice a little bit. And then know what I was doing is I was pronouncing good, and I see the throat widening and also the tongue movement. So then, I mean, at the same time, right after pronouncing good, I was trying to pronounce other words to match that O sound. And I think that I was to some extent successful.

Speaker A: You think that what?

Speaker B: To some extent, it was better than before. That's what I did.

Speaker A: Yeah. Well, I think this one is a little bit more straightforward. This one will probably come a little bit more natural. We'll see, though. Let's go down to the examples and see what this word sounds like or this sound sounds like. All right, so I'm going to read the first two lines, then I'm going to have you take over. Same thing as usual. Once you read them, start to feel. Okay, are my lips relaxed? Where's my jaw, throat? It might be helpful if with the first line you read, you notice. Okay, my lips are relaxed. Second line you read, where's my jaw? Third line, throat. Like checking one by one instead of all of them. But same idea as always. You're doing kind of a little roll call on your mouth. All right. As I'm reading, though, I want you to try to see if you could hear how this. What sound. This is similar. All right, so up, love, honey, double cup, come, money, couple.

Speaker B: Yeah. It's similar to the lack short A in father. What do I have? What do we have there? Lack short A. Right,

Speaker A: father.

Speaker B: Yes. So it sounds similar to lax short A, isn't it?

Speaker A: Not to me. Really? So, father. Ah. And keep reading.

Speaker B: In that case, short O.

Speaker A: Not quite. Not quite. Go ahead and read the rest of the words. We'll go over which one it sounds similar to to me at least. Some people say they could hear a distinct difference. Some people say they sound exactly the same.

Speaker B: Okay. All right, puppy. That's okay. Yes. Puppy. Some drum. Mother. Gun 1.

Speaker A: Drop the jaw a little bit more.

Speaker B: Okay, okay, okay. Let me try. Puppy. Some drum. Mother gun one. Dumb brother. Fun. Done. Wonderful. Flood. Run Long company. What?

Speaker A: So some of them. I'm definitely hearing the sound. Can you read the last word again?

Speaker B: What?

Speaker A: What, what? What? Can you read the sentences? I want to see if you read it a little bit differently in sentence format. Now remember, you're definitely trying to feel that you're doing the sound correctly. But I want you to read maybe the first four as you usually would.

Speaker B: Alright. One of my brothers is a plumber.

Speaker A: Remember when it's mb, you don't pronounce the B. Plumber. Plumber. So words like plumber, climb. Lamb. Mb. The B is gone.

Speaker B: Wow. Oh, for.

Speaker A: For.

Speaker B: So, for the meat. I mean, lamb. Did you say lamb? Not lamb.

Speaker A: Yeah, lamb.

Speaker B: Okay. Once he cleaned off some of the blood, he wrapped the wound. My heart was beating like a drum. I had fun, but now I'm done.

Speaker A: All right, go ahead and read the rest

Speaker B: of the sound of the hunter's gun firing was enough to stun the prey. Love is such a wonderful struggle.

Speaker A: Do you not agree with me?

Speaker B: The thieves cunning was too much for the young inspectors meager wheat.

Speaker A: Okay, what was the last one?

Speaker B: The thief's cunning was too much for the young inspector's meager wheat.

Speaker A: Yeah, be careful with that one. You're overcorrecting a little bit. Instead of using a short I like wit, you're saying it like wheat with a long E. So be careful. When we look at minimal pairs. You're turning long E into short I Usually. But since you're trying to fix that, sometimes your brain is going to start turning long E into short I or long or short I into long long. Yeah. So it's going to start switching them around. So in this case it's a short sound. Wit.

Speaker B: Wit.

Speaker A: All right. I have a few more words I would like you to look at.

Speaker B: Okay. Custom. Fungus. Onion. Succumb. Conduct.

Speaker A: Yeah. So for these ones you read it. Mostly you read it a little bit better in these ones than you did in the actual practice. I think maybe you're overthinking it a little bit. I still need to polish it up. We still need to polish it up a little bit, but I'm gonna send you with the ipa. So do you remember talking about ipa?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So if I said you this with the ipa, would you tell me what that little upside down

Speaker B: that is? The short U.

Speaker A: Yes, that short U. And what sound do you see in the Opposite syllable on all these words. So, for example, if short u is in the first syllable, there's going to be a specific sound in the second. If short u's in the second, there's going to be a specific sound.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. So the schwa sound.

Speaker A: Yes. So as you're listening to these, you might hear that schwa and short U sound very similar. So custom.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Fungus, onion, succumb, conduct.

Speaker B: I agree. And you know what? When I actually did the. I was reading onion, I thought that that first o is schwa.

Speaker A: Yeah. So, yeah, these woods are. These would sound to me. They sound exactly the same to a lot of people as well. Schwa could sound a little bit different in some words. For example, in the word I'm trying to see onion, sometimes it sounds a little bit like an I sound, onion instead of onion. But for the most part, we have that usual schwa sound we're used to. And how do we make that schwa sound? What's it sound like?

Speaker B: Like, the tongue is flat. Yeah. Relaxed. And it just pronounced like, let the air.

Speaker A: Yeah, you're like. It's just. It's pronounced. I don't know what to say. Yes, it is pronounced. And the main difference between schwa and short you is that schwa is never stressed. Short you is always stressed.

Speaker B: Okay,

Speaker A: so do you remember talking about where schwa comes from?

Speaker B: Where does it come from?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Like relaxed sound. I don't.

Speaker A: So do you remember the words that have two forms to them? Like a word like this?

Speaker B: Because. Yes.

Speaker A: And then there's the stress version as well, because. Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah. Huh.

Speaker A: So schwa, basically, we had a bunch of words, and we said them perfectly. Beautiful, never lazy. And then eventually people started speaking quickly. We would say, you know, because every single time. Because. Become things like that. And we would never use schwa in those words. But then slowly we started adding schwa in there. We started getting a little bit lazy. And schwa sound just so happened to sound like short you. Short you was always there. So even if you're not interested in the history lesson, it's still a little bit important to know because there is the distinct difference in how we use these sounds, and it's important to know that they sound similar for when you start practicing one or the other. So if you're doing schwa practice and you hear a bunch of short you, and you go, aha. We have schwa here, here, and there, and it's really short you. That can mess up the whole schwa thing. If you say, oh, yeah, we have Short U here. And it's really a schwa. You're going to stress the word wrong. So basically, what is similar and what is different with these two sounds?

Speaker B: Well, you just said it's mostly in the stress. One is relaxed, another one is stressed.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And the stress makes you pronounce it a little bit differently in the throat. So how do you pronounce each in the mouth?

Speaker B: What's different for short u? Because it's stressed. The back of the tongue is pressed down and the throat is. Throat widens. That's the difference there. And there's some difference in the lips and jaw. We drop the jaw and lips. They were. Were they relaxed? I forgot. No, they're. I forgot what it said.

Speaker A: They're relaxed in both situations.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. The only difference is the tongue and the jaw.

Speaker B: Got it, got it, got it.

Speaker A: Sometimes you'll need to adjust and for

Speaker B: sure it's nothing much going on except for the tongue being relaxed. Actually, nothing's going on. So,

Speaker A: yeah, basically, yes. That being said, I want you to open the short you practice sheet, knowing it's going to sound like schwa. And you're already very familiar with schwa. You already know what you're listening for with schwa. I want you to open the short. You. We're going to read these words and you're basically going to make a stressed schwa sound as you read.

Speaker B: Got it? Okay.

Speaker A: All right, let's start. First things first. The initial. Can you read the first five words and sentences?

Speaker B: Huh? Left. Upstairs. Didn't do anything. I think I left my bag upstairs. No, I'm not doing anything.

Speaker A: Stress it a little bit more.

Speaker B: Upstairs, upstairs, upstairs.

Speaker A: Now you're probably not going to feel like your whole jaw moving and it's not going to be as dramatic with, say, the other you, the lack shorty.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: But I guarantee if you can feel it a little stressed, you can feel it a little tensed. That's all you need. I think you were really trying to feel for it with the last time, which is. Why would you go back and you listen to this recording, you're going to hear that when we did the practices on the worksheet that they were a little off. Have you ever heard the idea that if you feel that you're thirsty, you're already dehydrated? Like you're already really dehydrated?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: This is similar. If you can already feel a lot of movement in your jaw, you're already going too far.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So if you could feel it with your hand especially, it's too much. It's a very subtle. Subtle change there. So the tongue goes from being completely relaxed and lazy to just down a little bit.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. So just a little bit of tenseness is going to push the tongue down.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay, let me try left upstairs. I think I left my bag upstairs. The way I'm pronouncing the U. Okay. Gave us. They gave us a free upgrade.

Speaker A: I'm feeling a little. Or not feeling, but I'm seeing a little bit of tenseness in the jaw.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So remember, you want to stress the sound. You don't want to tense yourself. If you tense yourself too much, you're gonna not be able to move as naturally.

Speaker B: Okay. An hour off that. I was unaware that ones were being made. I was unaware that new ones were being made.

Speaker A: Unaware.

Speaker B: Yeah. The W. Anyway.

Speaker A: Yeah, we'll go over W next time.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah. Never understood. He never understood the rules of the game. And I used to think of is a schwa like that.

Speaker A: Oh.

Speaker B: Hey, seem, are you there? Hello? What happened?

Speaker A: Hello? Sorry about that. I think my Internet was just not a big fan of this weather.

Speaker B: Yeah, makes sense.

Speaker A: Yeah. It started to forest. Okay, let's go ahead and go to medial Short. You.

Speaker B: Okay?

Speaker A: I'm going to have you read these ones again. Just the first five. Word and sentence. We're going to talk about how to practice these and next class.

Speaker B: Sure. Just the short ones. I mean the words.

Speaker A: Words and sentence.

Speaker B: Okay. How many? Five by fudge. I always stop there to get fudge for my mother. Tell the judge. Save it for the judge. Lost in the jungle. The plane was lost in the jungle for a hundred years. Supreme court justice, lady justice is often shown with a blindfold above your seat. Stow your luggage above your seat.

Speaker A: Yes. All right. So with most of these words now that we've talked about, they sound like a schwa. I'm hearing it pretty well. It's not completely consistent. What I think is happening is that sometimes there's a little bit of that jaw. It's sounding a little bit like a U or o rather once in a while. So what I want you to do is listen to the recording for this. So we have the audio version. So listen to the recording and I'm going to send you an article to practice. Listen to the recording, record yourself. Well, obviously you've recorded yourself here. Go back and listen to here, but also record yourself additionally and listen to. To how it's different in a few different words. So go to the practice sheet. Read the words in the sentences. Go Back and listen and see if you could hear how consistent. Maybe it will be consistent when you do the new one, but see if you could hear whether the sound is consistent or not. So it's just a matter right now of balancing the jaw to make sure it sounds like every single time. Above. Or sorry, above is a schwa. Up stairs, love lung, things like that. That sound very consistent. Same every time. So I'm hearing it correctly in most of them. Just try to clarify it and make sure that all of them sound the same. Do you.

Speaker B: Do you. Okay, I have the recording of you reading some of the words anyway. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: I could read some right now if there's some that you wanted to look at particularly.

Speaker B: Yeah, if you could read some of the words. Just the words from the practice sheet.

Speaker A: Sure. You have the practice sheet recording on Accent Advisor, but I'll read the same ones that you read as well.

Speaker B: We don't, by the way. It's mostly. It's just an example that we. That are recorded.

Speaker A: Yeah, we're reading the examples. Is it.

Speaker B: I mean, like, it's example on the worksheet. That's where what is recorded, but not the practice.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. And you know what? I. For some reason can. I mean, I can see you pronouncing. Right. That helps a lot rather than just hearing.

Speaker A: Yeah. I'll read the first five for the initial and the medial. And then, of course, Rachel's English breaks down these sounds very well. So the resources I've sent you, Eva's English, Rachel's English, going back and peeking at those as well could be helpful. But don't look at so many that you overwhelm yourself. Like, oh, I've heard from five different things. Only if you go through this and you still feel like you would like more information. All right. But like I said, left upstairs. I think I left my bag upstairs. Gave us. They gave us a free upgrade. Unaware of that. I was unaware that the new ones were being made. Never understood. He never understood the rules of the game. Sounds like a Game of Thrones thing. Utmost importance. It is of the utmost importance that we keep this between us and medial by fudge. I always stop here to get fudge for my mother. Tell the judge. Save it for the judge. Lost in the jungle. The plane was lost in the jungle for a hundred years. Supreme Court Justice, lady justice is often shown with a blindfold above your seat. Stow your luggage above your seat. All right. So anything else that you think would be helpful.

Speaker B: That is all. Thank you so much.

Speaker A: Of course. All Right. Like I said, I will send you this article where I got those examples from. Go ahead and peek at that if you'd like. We're going to probably go over W next time. We'll talk about why. Then we're going to go over Y and W next time. And then the class after that, we're going to do VAL reviews. So you have two weeks to let me know which VAL you want to work on. More, less, however you want that to go.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So VAL review in about two weeks. Please let me know how to type. Sometimes people have literally messaged me like the day, like the night before, like, hey, can we work out these? I'm like, I don't have time to make you a review at midnight. I'm sorry.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. But yeah, of course.

Speaker A: Let me know. We'll talk about it next time as well. If you had some time, if you have any questions, let me know.

Speaker B: Well, no, no questions. But you know what, overall, when you pronounce or say something, I see. It's like, especially your. It seems like everything is very controlled and I don't know, I cannot explain it properly, but it just feels like everything so measured, every movement.

Speaker A: That's. That's good, I suppose. Very clear. Yeah. I've been doing this for a minute, so, yeah, I. I'm glad my practice is paying off all right. So, yeah, hopefully that helps my very clear movements. If any questions come up, any further recordings that would be helpful, anything like that, let me know. If not, we will talk about this in two weeks.

Speaker B: Okay, sounds good. Thank you so much, Sim. Have a wonderful week, weekend and week.

Speaker A: You too.

Speaker B: Bye now.

