Transcript for: Recording__1017.mp4
Title: Recording #1017
============================================================

On which topic? On the cogs. Yes. Yeah. So you may not have it ready like today, but that's something that I would like to. To actually do on our next meeting to look at the profitability for all the SKUs. Sure. Yeah, we will do that. Okay. Cost analysis for all accounts. Okay. And is there anything else that you like to start with? No. Okay. We could go through your list. Another thing is the invoices for February. I know that you had some questions and I tried to explain my best. Sent you all the things that I had. Now it's up to you. What do you think about them? I mean, if Valerie did the work and you're saying she did, then it's fine. I think that that part is. Is okay, so I'll approve it. I think that just going forward, we do need to obviously manage our costs. I know that you need. You may need her on your end to support like some of the initiatives that you're working on. But on our end like I can't afford to keep her and Esha on payroll. So that was the reason why we brought her on. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We just needed that for. For a while because I mean even if you show everything then you need some support. Right. To do everything properly. So yeah, that's why we needed that time. And I think that's pretty reasonable given for how much of the month she need to do. Almost all of them and also support her. I just don't think there is too much from my end. And we track the number of hours. Okay, so now let's get into the topics. I'll just share my screen. I'm not too much familiar with meet actually teams. Okay. So I'll just start with the ad Ad planner. Nothing much to discuss. But I want to show you that this is what we have. We have, remember we had created that annual plan that we wanted to do all this stuff. Now I thought the only way to make sure we actually do them throughout the year is to break them down on a quarterly level. So that's what I've done for all of our accounts. So no sugar us, no sugar Canada, Snoop with us. These are the three main sneak week. Canada is also there. I don't have a plan for that right now. So we have broken down the responsibilities into months. This is something that we have. Some of these are already done. We of course can do the video. But you, you will see from April this month we plan to focus on testing video ads for different kind of targeting and also different products. These are our priority Products and this is exactly what I have done. Do we have video ads? No. We'll talk about that. We need to create them. Right? So I have made a plan what we need to work on. That's something I'm coming to after discussing this and the AB test. Honestly, I don't think we'll have a the budget to pay anybody new. So just so you understand, we're at like the maximum stretch in terms of our line of credit. The taxes have hit us, US dollar has hit us. We have been talking to every vendor about delaying our payments. So spending any nice to have dol on creative or anything outside of what we already have is just not going to happen in the next little while. So that's why I don't like. I know that you, I saw that the plan for video ads and whatnot, but we just won't have money to spend on that front. Right now the only video ad we're gonna have is the 15 second ad that Disney is creating for Lilo and Stitch for Joy Burst and that's it. And that's only going to apply for hydration. Okay, so now, I mean would you, will you not have Even let's say $100 per video or something around that? We don't have a video. Like you have to create a video. No, it's not that complicated. Which is why I'm. I know what you are thinking when I say video ads. But the idea of what works on Amazon is a bit different. We don't need those production commercial shoots and like the showing the products, how we are mixing it. We don't need all of those stuff for Amazon. These are very simple videos and I have guidelines on them. So I have recorded these things. They are very simple. Just one second. So things like this for example, if you watch this video there's, I mean no one is doing any videography. It's just this motion graphic videos. Simple motion graphic videos. Fifteen second, that's it. But who would produce that? Well, we'll need to find someone who will do that. But it will not cost too much if we use, let's say I can't spend any like a dollar. I can't spend like even if it's like too much, too little. I'm telling you, I don't have bills, I don't have money to pay you. Like I don't have money for a payroll. So I, I'm trying to like say like we are in a really like tough, tough situation. Canadian government has penalized us for working with US partners already since, like, March. And their 25 tariffs are killing us. We don't have. We're not working with 25% margin. So we're going to go bankrupt if these tariffs continue. And we're trying to figure out how to, like, survive until somebody sees the voice of reason on this. But in the next, like, I would say at least two weeks until we know if the tariffs are staying or going, we might have to close our doors. If the tariffs stay, like, at the very best case scenario, pick any product that we make. At the very best case scenario, we make 10%. Government hits us with 25% tariffs, we're losing 15% on every product we sell. Makes no sense. So we might have to go and close our doors. That's where we're at. I mean, okay, I understand we're in a top spot. So is it not an option for us to switch the manufacturers, like, work with Canadian ones? No, no, because Canada doesn't have manufacturers for everything. For shells, for example, there's only so many. Like, it takes special equipment. So you have to find a manufacturer that is able to make that, that is able to take your MOQs, that is able to agree to your terms, that is able to produce it on time for you. And there's not both of that on, like, both sides of the border. So our problem, for example, like, even with flow, we make it in Canada. Great. We make the product in Canada. Well, all the ingredients come from the states, so everything that crosses the border is getting hit with tariffs that are packs are going to get hit with the tariffs. Vitamins, mushrooms, like, all the stuff. So our cogs are just gonna make this business unsustainable. If the Canadian government keeps these tariffs, they're gonna kill businesses like ours. So we're in a really, really, really tough situation right now. That's the truth. That's why I'm like, I know this is nice to have. And I know and I understand that, like, we ideally need to move in this direction, but, like, we can't spend any extra dollar. And right now we just need to figure out how to, like, survive while we're bleeding money every day and hope, hope, hope, hope that these tariffs go away or that the government actually realizes what they're doing and provide some support to Canadian businesses that do things on both sides of the border. But it's, it's a really, really crazy time to be, I would say, an entrepreneur in CPG space right now in Canada. Yeah. So it's, it's, it's really Bad news to share, but I honestly don't know how we'll survive past the next month. I mean, literally every day we're looking at our financials being like, what bills can we pay, what can we delay, and how do we, like, survive until tomorrow? So it's. It's really, really tough situation because this basically is putting us in such deep red, whether the. Regardless of the product being made in the States or in Canada, we're getting hit with fees and penalties. So the more of the stuff we could sell on.com, the better, obviously, because of the exchange. So I think that my direction for at least Amazon right now is let's see how we could optimize our sales for dot com, if there's anything that we could do to make that a little better and then just run on, like, by optimizing what we can. But I. I cannot increase our costs any further. And that's why I was like, I know that, like, it sounds trivial that we're like, oh, what about, like, Valerie's hours? And normally I wouldn't even question it. Like, you know that. But for us, like, right now, literally every single bill we're scrutinizing, and we're like, what are we doing? So it's really, really tough. And I don't want to ruin your welcome back with this, but it's just been so tough for us. Okay. All right, so let's talk about all the things that I have planned. It doesn't make sense to discuss all of them. Right. So how about we instead talk about. You say that it would be better if we push US products now. How about SlimQuick? How is that being impacted? So SlimQuik is actually good because it's being produced in the States and it's being sold on dot com, so that doesn't cross any borders. So that one, our cogs actually stays. So anything we could do to improve our velocity of sales there would be super helpful. And then I know that we're getting the two new flavors soon. Do you have the exact date of one that's coming in? Yeah, yeah, I have them. Okay, so let's work on figuring that component out. And if anything, I would ask, you know, if there is. If there are ideas and what we could do for SlimQuick to help you increase the sales velocity there, then we could talk about those specifically. And I know that one of the ideas you had was like to use the influencers to, like the Amazon stuff. I would test it only on that one because that one actually has the Margin to support it. And let's talk about Joy Burst and no Sugar company products for the US So which ones are being impacted heavily and which ones do you think we should focus more on? So no Sugar, I would say our margins are not great. That's the one that's being impacted the most because on products like shells for example, which are selling well, they are being made in US so we pay the vendor in US dollars. So we're using losing on exchange, which currency continues to increase or cogs continues to like go down just on the exchange and then when we bring it across the border that's getting hit with tariffs into Canada. So that's the tough part. For selling on.ca. on.com it's actually okay. So that's why I said like let's figure out on the dot com side for Joy bur specifically I would say it's being made in Canada which is a benefit because we again pay in the Canadian dollar for that particular product so it doesn't have to cross the border. Our cogs are going up because of all the stuff that all the ingredients and components keep in box like boxes are being manufactured in the states and coming into Canada. And now that's going to increase. I think our cost on that one is going up by 20%, something like that. So the cogs are going to be affected but not terribly. So I think on the hydration side we could continue to do that and we will have to show Disney that we've spent at least or that we ran the ad. I don't have to necessarily give them the accurate numbers of how much we've spent, but I have to show them that we ran the, the ads on Amazon or on social or YouTube or wherever. So we have to show them that component. Okay. And so for drivers, will you say that it's, it's going to benefit us more if we focus more on Canada compared to U.S. u.S. Because we have the benefit of producing it here. And I mean honest, to be honest, I, I'll, I'll, I don't know until we see what US is going to do with their tariffs. They're announcing it tomorrow, so we'll see. But even if we do get hit with the margin, US dollar is stronger than Canadian. So if we sell it, if we produce it here and sell in the States, we're still going to at least come out net neutral. Whereas like the other way around we're just like got it. Okay. Yeah. Okay. That gives me a good amount of idea. Slim quick should be Definitely one of the priorities. And that means we'll go ahead with the. We can still talk about the affiliate marketing. Like. Yeah, for Slim Quick, for sure. Yes. And the letters looked good. Like I read through them. Yeah, they were okay. I know the core message is good. I know that. But I still think that it looks. People will understand it's AI generated much of it, the subject line, if you read that. So we'll need to do something about that. So a little bit more polish, polishing up, and then it's good. Yeah. Right. So even for Slim Quick, will you be willing to. Will you be against spending some money for video ads event for Slim? Let me know how much. Well, I mean, on Slim Quick, we have the margin to support it. So that's why I'm saying, like on Slip Slim Quick, we have, you know, room to maneuver and that can actually, like, fuel our growth. So, yeah, I think that for that one it would be okay. Not for anything else. Got it. Okay. Yeah. Well, if we don't want to spend much money on it, in that case, we need to find freelancers, basically from other countries. Yeah, yeah, that's what you need to do right now. Yeah. All right, I'll look into that. Okay, so let's talk about affiliate marketing a little bit more. I'll share my screen again. So you already read them, so I'll not, of course, repeat any. Any of these. I was just mentioning to the subject line that there. I mean, anyone who uses AI, they will know that they're AI generators to make them more natural. That is all. And we have these different types of creators. So for social influencers, for example, because they have to, we are expecting them to create content for us. We may need to give away some samples, but for the others, we don't need to. So there are media buyers who literally spend their own dollars to advertise and drive traffic to their, let's say, blog articles and sale products. And there are commerce tools. I'll just ignore that for now. Affiliate marketing networks, deal sites, publications, all of them. I don't think we need to give away the samples. And we'll also approach them a little bit differently. This is solely for social influencers because we'll give you a sample. For others, it will more or less remain the same. We may also need to customize a little bit, depending on who we are reaching out. That's that. And then we also have Archer affiliates here. If you look at last three months of performance. Yes, it's not very impressive. I know. But hey, we got 128 and I wouldn't say that this attribution data is accurate. Probably the organic impact was much more than just three units of. I mean three units that we sold that that is being shown here. The good thing is we're paying commission on just $60. And what I wanted to show you is where we got the clicks from. So if you look at like out of 128, 69 and 33, basically most of it is coming from just this creator. And they have these two websites, top 10 best, top 5 best. So now I was thinking since it's performing well, how about we reach out to them manually and say, hey look, this is how we have been doing on your website. How can you get more visibility? If they ask for money, then probably you cannot. I don't know, maybe you can consider because it's slim quick. But if it is solely based on commission, then again you can just go ahead. So that's another thing that I'm thinking of. Okay, now I think we can also talk about AB testing because well, maybe we'll not be able to do AB testing for. Well, it's all graphical so we can do a B testing and will not cost any money. So these are the plans and these are not the annual plan we have again. Oh, by the way, instead of making monthly plans, what I have thought of doing is quarterly plans. That way I adjusting that monthly plan. Like if we want to create a new plan every month, that's probably too much and we'll all also will not be on time. So I'm making the core a quarterly plan and then we'll break it down on a monthly basis. This month in April we'll do this and then next month will do this. That's what I'm thinking. So these are more like the two or two months of plan. We plan to test a few more things than these. What whatever we have here. But this is more or less a quarter. So it includes main images. We have specified for which product, which concept, main image testing. And also this is something that I wanted to do for a long time. I know these products are very old, probably doesn't get much attention, but still, if we can do some better design, for example IQ bar and all of these things, I have specified exactly what we need to improve. I mean depending on how much time we can allocate, we can definitely work on that. Of course, give us better result. And then hydration trick. This is one of the focus understand all the challenges. Despite that AB testing doesn't Hurt. And along with that title, experiments, even bullet point experiments for. And also for platinum. I'm not going over all of these concepts because it will take a lot of time to just describe everything, but this is what we have. And I can send this to Elena and break them down that this month will do exactly this, next month, this. So she knows exactly what, how many creatives we need to work on for these experiments. Okay. Okay, you guys can come up with a plan together because I know that she's working on like some social stuff and a few other things. So I would just have a separate meeting with Elena about kind of walking her through what you need and then giving her a chance to kind of respond and say, like, okay, I think I could get to this then. Sure. Yeah. And so a B testing is done. Levanta is done. And video ads. Yeah, I know the point. So probably first link. I'll just look into that. Another thing that I want to talk about is Instacart, but I don't think it makes sense. Yeah, Instacart. Let's park that until maybe. Right, right. Yeah. And by the way, so JC reached out, right. And she asked me for the budget for Joy Burst advertising on Amazon. And I'll just let her know we're not going to do Instacart for now, but for Amazon. Do you. Based on the our experience, how much leaked do you expect to see just because of. Honestly, not much. We've done this last year, so you saw that it wasn't a huge amount of lift through Disney and I would not spend necessarily money that would make us unprofitable. Now we'll have more discussions about this closer to May when the movie is actually launching. It's launching like end of May. So at that time we'll have a much better grasp on what's going on with taxes and our profit margins and all of that stuff. So at that point, I think we'll. We'll have a better idea of what we're actually going to be doing with it. Okay. So to respond to that email, I'll just go with our regular forecast and whatever we want to spend based on that. Yeah, but I mean, just let her know that you and I have spoken and that, you know, will determine the budget closer to it. Then if she has any questions, she can ask me. Sure. Okay. Yeah, I think that's all. And Zilka for the experiments and all, I initially proposed that I was at $600 more and that would bring me back to that old level, but I'm not going to do it for now. So we'll wait. All right. And I don't know, I know it doesn't make any difference. 600 for scale, but we'll just hold that. Every dollar makes a difference at this point. Show every dollar. Because we're literally like, how do we survive? We're in that mode. I think this is like the worst we've ever been hit with. So we're just hoping that it, it doesn't come to the worst. But I wanted to be honest with you so that you understand how, like, dire the situation is. I think that for our next meeting, then when you do have the cogs and, and that analysis ready, let's touch base again and kind of go through that as well. Sure. Yeah, let's do that. Okay, awesome. Thank you so much. Yeah. Thank you, Zulka. Have a nice day. All right, bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: On which topic? On the cogs.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you may not have it ready like today, but that's something that I would like to. To actually do on our next meeting to look at the profitability for all the SKUs.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah, we will do that. Okay. Cost analysis for all accounts. Okay. And is there anything else that you like to start with?

Speaker A: No.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: We could go through your list.

Speaker B: Another thing is the invoices for February. I know that you had some questions and I tried to explain my best. Sent you all the things that I had. Now it's up to you. What do you think about them?

Speaker A: I mean, if Valerie did the work and you're saying she did, then it's fine. I think that that part is. Is okay, so I'll approve it. I think that just going forward, we do need to obviously manage our costs. I know that you need. You may need her on your end to support like some of the initiatives that you're working on. But on our end like I can't afford to keep her and Esha on payroll. So that was the reason why we brought her on.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. We just needed that for. For a while because I mean even if you show everything then you need some support. Right. To do everything properly. So yeah, that's why we needed that time. And I think that's pretty reasonable given for how much of the month she need to do. Almost all of them and also support her. I just don't think there is too much from my end. And we track the number of hours. Okay, so now let's get into the topics. I'll just share my screen. I'm not too much familiar with meet actually teams. Okay. So I'll just start with the ad Ad planner. Nothing much to discuss. But I want to show you that this is what we have. We have, remember we had created that annual plan that we wanted to do all this stuff. Now I thought the only way to make sure we actually do them throughout the year is to break them down on a quarterly level. So that's what I've done for all of our accounts. So no sugar us, no sugar Canada, Snoop with us. These are the three main sneak week. Canada is also there. I don't have a plan for that right now. So we have broken down the responsibilities into months. This is something that we have. Some of these are already done. We of course can do the video. But you, you will see from April this month we plan to focus on testing video ads for different kind of targeting and also different products. These are our priority Products and this is exactly what I have done.

Speaker A: Do we have video ads?

Speaker B: No. We'll talk about that. We need to create them. Right? So I have made a plan what we need to work on. That's something I'm coming to after discussing this and the AB test.

Speaker A: Honestly, I don't think we'll have a the budget to pay anybody new. So just so you understand, we're at like the maximum stretch in terms of our line of credit. The taxes have hit us, US dollar has hit us. We have been talking to every vendor about delaying our payments. So spending any nice to have dol on creative or anything outside of what we already have is just not going to happen in the next little while. So that's why I don't like. I know that you, I saw that the plan for video ads and whatnot, but we just won't have money to spend on that front. Right now the only video ad we're gonna have is the 15 second ad that Disney is creating for Lilo and Stitch for Joy Burst and that's it. And that's only going to apply for hydration.

Speaker B: Okay, so now, I mean would you, will you not have Even let's say $100 per video or something around that?

Speaker A: We don't have a video. Like you have to create a video.

Speaker B: No, it's not that complicated. Which is why I'm. I know what you are thinking when I say video ads. But the idea of what works on Amazon is a bit different. We don't need those production commercial shoots and like the showing the products, how we are mixing it. We don't need all of those stuff for Amazon. These are very simple videos and I have guidelines on them. So I have recorded these things. They are very simple. Just one second. So things like this for example, if you watch this video there's, I mean no one is doing any videography. It's just this motion graphic videos. Simple motion graphic videos. Fifteen second, that's it.

Speaker A: But who would produce that?

Speaker B: Well, we'll need to find someone who will do that. But it will not cost too much if we use, let's say I can't

Speaker A: spend any like a dollar. I can't spend like even if it's like too much, too little. I'm telling you, I don't have bills, I don't have money to pay you. Like I don't have money for a payroll. So I, I'm trying to like say like we are in a really like tough, tough situation. Canadian government has penalized us for working with US partners already since, like, March. And their 25 tariffs are killing us. We don't have. We're not working with 25% margin. So we're going to go bankrupt if these tariffs continue. And we're trying to figure out how to, like, survive until somebody sees the voice of reason on this. But in the next, like, I would say at least two weeks until we know if the tariffs are staying or going, we might have to close our doors. If the tariffs stay, like, at the very best case scenario, pick any product that we make. At the very best case scenario, we make 10%. Government hits us with 25% tariffs, we're losing 15% on every product we sell. Makes no sense. So we might have to go and close our doors. That's where we're at.

Speaker B: I mean, okay, I understand we're in a top spot. So is it not an option for us to switch the manufacturers, like, work with Canadian ones?

Speaker A: No, no, because Canada doesn't have manufacturers for everything. For shells, for example, there's only so many. Like, it takes special equipment. So you have to find a manufacturer that is able to make that, that is able to take your MOQs, that is able to agree to your terms, that is able to produce it on time for you. And there's not both of that on, like, both sides of the border. So our problem, for example, like, even with flow, we make it in Canada. Great. We make the product in Canada. Well, all the ingredients come from the states, so everything that crosses the border is getting hit with tariffs that are packs are going to get hit with the tariffs. Vitamins, mushrooms, like, all the stuff. So our cogs are just gonna make this business unsustainable. If the Canadian government keeps these tariffs, they're gonna kill businesses like ours. So we're in a really, really, really tough situation right now. That's the truth. That's why I'm like, I know this is nice to have. And I know and I understand that, like, we ideally need to move in this direction, but, like, we can't spend any extra dollar. And right now we just need to figure out how to, like, survive while we're bleeding money every day and hope, hope, hope, hope that these tariffs go away or that the government actually realizes what they're doing and provide some support to Canadian businesses that do things on both sides of the border. But it's, it's a really, really crazy time to be, I would say, an entrepreneur in CPG space right now in Canada.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So it's, it's, it's really Bad news to share, but I honestly don't know how we'll survive past the next month. I mean, literally every day we're looking at our financials being like, what bills can we pay, what can we delay, and how do we, like, survive until tomorrow? So it's. It's really, really tough situation because this basically is putting us in such deep red, whether the. Regardless of the product being made in the States or in Canada, we're getting hit with fees and penalties. So the more of the stuff we could sell on.com, the better, obviously, because of the exchange. So I think that my direction for at least Amazon right now is let's see how we could optimize our sales for dot com, if there's anything that we could do to make that a little better and then just run on, like, by optimizing what we can. But I. I cannot increase our costs any further. And that's why I was like, I know that, like, it sounds trivial that we're like, oh, what about, like, Valerie's hours? And normally I wouldn't even question it. Like, you know that. But for us, like, right now, literally every single bill we're scrutinizing, and we're like, what are we doing? So it's really, really tough. And I don't want to ruin your welcome back with this, but it's just been so tough for us.

Speaker B: Okay. All right, so let's talk about all the things that I have planned. It doesn't make sense to discuss all of them. Right. So how about we instead talk about. You say that it would be better if we push US products now. How about SlimQuick? How is that being impacted?

Speaker A: So SlimQuik is actually good because it's being produced in the States and it's being sold on dot com, so that doesn't cross any borders. So that one, our cogs actually stays. So anything we could do to improve our velocity of sales there would be super helpful. And then I know that we're getting the two new flavors soon. Do you have the exact date of one that's coming in?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, I have them.

Speaker A: Okay, so let's work on figuring that component out. And if anything, I would ask, you know, if there is. If there are ideas and what we could do for SlimQuick to help you increase the sales velocity there, then we could talk about those specifically. And I know that one of the ideas you had was like to use the influencers to, like the Amazon stuff. I would test it only on that one because that one actually has the Margin to support it.

Speaker B: And let's talk about Joy Burst and no Sugar company products for the US So which ones are being impacted heavily and which ones do you think we should focus more on?

Speaker A: So no Sugar, I would say our margins are not great. That's the one that's being impacted the most because on products like shells for example, which are selling well, they are being made in US so we pay the vendor in US dollars. So we're using losing on exchange, which currency continues to increase or cogs continues to like go down just on the exchange and then when we bring it across the border that's getting hit with tariffs into Canada. So that's the tough part. For selling on.ca. on.com it's actually okay. So that's why I said like let's figure out on the dot com side for Joy bur specifically I would say it's being made in Canada which is a benefit because we again pay in the Canadian dollar for that particular product so it doesn't have to cross the border. Our cogs are going up because of all the stuff that all the ingredients and components keep in box like boxes are being manufactured in the states and coming into Canada. And now that's going to increase. I think our cost on that one is going up by 20%, something like that. So the cogs are going to be affected but not terribly. So I think on the hydration side we could continue to do that and we will have to show Disney that we've spent at least or that we ran the ad. I don't have to necessarily give them the accurate numbers of how much we've spent, but I have to show them that we ran the, the ads on Amazon or on social or YouTube or wherever. So we have to show them that component.

Speaker B: Okay. And so for drivers, will you say that it's, it's going to benefit us more if we focus more on Canada

Speaker A: compared to U.S. u.S. Because we have the benefit of producing it here. And I mean honest, to be honest, I, I'll, I'll, I don't know until we see what US is going to do with their tariffs. They're announcing it tomorrow, so we'll see. But even if we do get hit with the margin, US dollar is stronger than Canadian. So if we sell it, if we produce it here and sell in the States, we're still going to at least come out net neutral. Whereas like the other way around we're just like got it.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. Okay. That gives me a good amount of idea. Slim quick should be Definitely one of the priorities. And that means we'll go ahead with the. We can still talk about the affiliate marketing. Like.

Speaker A: Yeah, for Slim Quick, for sure.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: And the letters looked good. Like I read through them. Yeah, they were okay.

Speaker B: I know the core message is good. I know that. But I still think that it looks. People will understand it's AI generated much of it, the subject line, if you read that. So we'll need to do something about that. So a little bit more polish, polishing up, and then it's good. Yeah. Right. So even for Slim Quick, will you be willing to. Will you be against spending some money for video ads event for Slim?

Speaker A: Let me know how much. Well, I mean, on Slim Quick, we have the margin to support it. So that's why I'm saying, like on Slip Slim Quick, we have, you know, room to maneuver and that can actually, like, fuel our growth. So, yeah, I think that for that one it would be okay. Not for anything else.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. Yeah. Well, if we don't want to spend much money on it, in that case, we need to find freelancers, basically from other countries. Yeah, yeah, that's what you need to do right now. Yeah. All right, I'll look into that. Okay, so let's talk about affiliate marketing a little bit more. I'll share my screen again. So you already read them, so I'll not, of course, repeat any. Any of these. I was just mentioning to the subject line that there. I mean, anyone who uses AI, they will know that they're AI generators to make them more natural. That is all. And we have these different types of creators. So for social influencers, for example, because they have to, we are expecting them to create content for us. We may need to give away some samples, but for the others, we don't need to. So there are media buyers who literally spend their own dollars to advertise and drive traffic to their, let's say, blog articles and sale products. And there are commerce tools. I'll just ignore that for now. Affiliate marketing networks, deal sites, publications, all of them. I don't think we need to give away the samples. And we'll also approach them a little bit differently. This is solely for social influencers because we'll give you a sample. For others, it will more or less remain the same. We may also need to customize a little bit, depending on who we are reaching out. That's that. And then we also have Archer affiliates here. If you look at last three months of performance. Yes, it's not very impressive. I know. But hey, we got 128 and I wouldn't say that this attribution data is accurate. Probably the organic impact was much more than just three units of. I mean three units that we sold that that is being shown here. The good thing is we're paying commission on just $60. And what I wanted to show you is where we got the clicks from. So if you look at like out of 128, 69 and 33, basically most of it is coming from just this creator. And they have these two websites, top 10 best, top 5 best. So now I was thinking since it's performing well, how about we reach out to them manually and say, hey look, this is how we have been doing on your website. How can you get more visibility? If they ask for money, then probably you cannot. I don't know, maybe you can consider because it's slim quick. But if it is solely based on commission, then again you can just go ahead. So that's another thing that I'm thinking of.

Speaker A: Okay,

Speaker B: now I think we can also talk about AB testing because well, maybe we'll not be able to do AB testing for. Well, it's all graphical so we can do a B testing and will not cost any money. So these are the plans and these are not the annual plan we have again. Oh, by the way, instead of making monthly plans, what I have thought of doing is quarterly plans. That way I adjusting that monthly plan. Like if we want to create a new plan every month, that's probably too much and we'll all also will not be on time. So I'm making the core a quarterly plan and then we'll break it down on a monthly basis. This month in April we'll do this and then next month will do this. That's what I'm thinking. So these are more like the two or two months of plan. We plan to test a few more things than these. What whatever we have here. But this is more or less a quarter. So it includes main images. We have specified for which product, which concept, main image testing. And also this is something that I wanted to do for a long time. I know these products are very old, probably doesn't get much attention, but still, if we can do some better design, for example IQ bar and all of these things, I have specified exactly what we need to improve. I mean depending on how much time we can allocate, we can definitely work on that. Of course, give us better result. And then hydration trick. This is one of the focus understand all the challenges. Despite that AB testing doesn't Hurt. And along with that title, experiments, even bullet point experiments for. And also for platinum. I'm not going over all of these concepts because it will take a lot of time to just describe everything, but this is what we have. And I can send this to Elena and break them down that this month will do exactly this, next month, this. So she knows exactly what, how many creatives we need to work on for these experiments.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay, you guys can come up with a plan together because I know that she's working on like some social stuff and a few other things. So I would just have a separate meeting with Elena about kind of walking her through what you need and then giving her a chance to kind of respond and say, like, okay, I think I could get to this then.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah. And so a B testing is done. Levanta is done. And video ads. Yeah, I know the point. So probably first link. I'll just look into that. Another thing that I want to talk about is Instacart, but I don't think it makes sense.

Speaker A: Yeah, Instacart. Let's park that until maybe.

Speaker B: Right, right. Yeah. And by the way, so JC reached out, right. And she asked me for the budget for Joy Burst advertising on Amazon. And I'll just let her know we're not going to do Instacart for now, but for Amazon. Do you. Based on the our experience, how much leaked do you expect to see just because of.

Speaker A: Honestly, not much. We've done this last year, so you saw that it wasn't a huge amount of lift through Disney and I would not spend necessarily money that would make us unprofitable. Now we'll have more discussions about this closer to May when the movie is actually launching. It's launching like end of May. So at that time we'll have a much better grasp on what's going on with taxes and our profit margins and all of that stuff. So at that point, I think we'll. We'll have a better idea of what we're actually going to be doing with it.

Speaker B: Okay. So to respond to that email, I'll just go with our regular forecast and whatever we want to spend based on that.

Speaker A: Yeah, but I mean, just let her know that you and I have spoken and that, you know, will determine the budget closer to it. Then if she has any questions, she can ask me.

Speaker B: Sure. Okay. Yeah, I think that's all. And Zilka for the experiments and all, I initially proposed that I was at $600 more and that would bring me back to that old level, but I'm not going to do it for now. So we'll wait. All right. And I don't know, I know it doesn't make any difference. 600 for scale, but we'll just hold that.

Speaker A: Every dollar makes a difference at this point. Show every dollar. Because we're literally like, how do we survive? We're in that mode. I think this is like the worst we've ever been hit with. So we're just hoping that it, it doesn't come to the worst. But I wanted to be honest with you so that you understand how, like, dire the situation is. I think that for our next meeting, then when you do have the cogs and, and that analysis ready, let's touch base again and kind of go through that as well.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah, let's do that.

Speaker A: Okay, awesome. Thank you so much.

Speaker B: Yeah. Thank you, Zulka. Have a nice day.

Speaker A: All right, bye.

