Transcript for: Recording__89 (1).mp4
Title: Recording #891
============================================================

We can try such this thing. So currently the drink mix product that we. Okay, this is just the main image example. You're just showing me one example right here. Yeah. So like this for each product I will. I am like finding five competitors so we can like get idea. So this is the like what you need to test in terms of the main image and also the listing images. Yeah. Okay. So the main image is like currently we have the image with the box and package on the side. That is for this thing. What is it. For Platinum USA as well. Okay. We have that one drink mix. So the packet and this thing is side by side. Yes. So what I was thinking is like we can create such images. So this is one competitor. So this is another similar example. What I'll do is I'll create a Excel sheet where I'll add this like three products from USA and three products from Canada. For both, both the projects like Platinum and the. Water products missing is. We see here like the main image. The quality is much better. That's what I feel. Yeah, that's fine. But you know what, it's. You also have to specify why exactly it's better and how. What changes do we need to make right now so that the designer is like as if you're communicating with the designer look, this is what you need from you. You're as if you're just saying this directly to the designer. Right. You have to specify the layout. Right, Design, layout. If you want to change something about how it looks or if you want to change the copy, you will also have to specify that these are the things that I want to mention. Yeah. Like for example, this here, like it shows how to use it. Yeah. Actually this kind of image is not that important. Like people know how to use it. But still very quick. Keep it. It's better. It's not. Yeah, sure. Then along with like 2, 3 lifestyle images where people are using the product. But then you know, or you have to specify again like what kind of lifestyle image, what do you want to show just using the product? Or I mean is. Is there any kind of specific message that lifestyle image needs to communicate or. We don't have the flexibility with photography, by the way, so probably it will be difficult for them to implement if we specify something. I mean, if it has to be photographed, they have many photos on their Instagram, for example. So now this is another image where like it shows items outside of the box along with what it contains. Right. It looks very good in the glass on the package. Yeah. So now this main image like we can suggest, like, we cannot guarantee what will be, what will be the outcome. So we will have to test it and then we can understand. One important point would be, so for no sugar company products or Chiverse products, I mean, look, we cannot change the packaging, right? But despite that, we will suggest if we place the products that are inside side it in this way, or add certain crops like those berries and watermelon, then it will look better or make Onward better, then we can of course do it. Or maybe adding some information, although it's not a part of the label. But for Element, for example, it wrote that 3x, right? Yeah, something like that. If you have to suggest, you can totally do that. One extra thing for slimquid US products, especially the bestsellers, is that you can also think of what you could include on the packaging and then do one main image testing with the different package, which probably shouldn't be too much different. But you think some copy based on our keyword research or you know, ad performance, I think you should also be able to analyze ad performance or maybe you can communicate that with Valerie and she will give you the information. Look, these are the keywords that are converting. Well, so based on those insights and also positioning analysis that you do based on reviews and all, if you could suggest how else, what else needs to be there on the packaging, we could totally do that test. Because for that brand we have the flexibility of developing our own packaging. So like this was I was thinking, but like, I don't know how, like in which format should I present it? Like, regarding the images, should I do it? Do a. Do I type the text how it is? Well, I would say that on Notion, Notion is very convenient if you want to, let's say, add some text, then add some images, add some comments. It's very useful in that way. So I would suggest that you can go to Notion, sorry, the Notion and then the Amazon product pages right there, you can create different pages for each product and then say, hey, these are the things that you need to test. These are some apartments, examples. This is what I want to write. So I'll give you an example. If you go to Notion right now, for example, nokiform, you have it open. So just go there and then go a little bit back. Yes, you will see for three farmers. For three farmers here, click on that. And then you will see I have specified, I have given some examples and I have suggested what I need to include. Right? This is what you can do. Okay, but now these things like this will be done by a Designer by designer. Yes. This won't be there on the actual distinguish they receive. Well, I. Okay, so for the products look, we're doing AB testing, right? And so that's why I said that we may also run into some trouble if, if it is on the design but it's not on the packaging. For example, for extra strength kills. It once happened that the design that we had, we updated this so that it becomes ad eligible, made some minor changes, remove the claim, lose up to 25 pounds and added something else there. And what happened? They rejected almost 1800 units of that product when you shipped it because they said, oh, this looks different from what you have on your product list. So that's also risky if we want to do that kind of stuff. For example, if element has done it in a way it's totally clear that it's not on the actual packaging like this. Yeah, but at the same time, you know this is also against Amazon's policy. So yeah, they won't allow labels. But like. Yes, but these are already there on Amazon. So they have done in a way so that Amazon cannot detect it's something if it's a sticker or label. But at the same time it's not on the actual packaging. So the Amazon warehouse people, they can identify that. No, it's, it's something different, it's not the packaging. So there should be a balance. Basically. Yeah. So you are suggesting that like the words that we use here must like if we check the keywords which are converting better, it could be the keywords. Yes, keyword inclusion works. Okay, so for AB testing, just to give you a basic idea, right. A few things that really impacts the click through rate. First is the color palette. And honestly, I'm not a designer guy. I believe you are also not a designer guy. But if it can be made high contrast then probably it will draw more attention. That's one basic principle. Second is inclusion of different keywords that are really doing well for us. So for example, if you could include the word weight loss on our weight loss products, it would do really, really well. But then that would make it ad ineligible. So you cannot do it. But we can probably try including weight management. Probably will also be a little bit pleased. So that's what I'm suggesting that we. Okay, that's the second idea. Third idea is if it is something related to its position that really makes it different. For example, for Lugal's ire, if we could create a doubt in the people's mind that remember we wrote one bullet point, the first bullet, bullet point as rich reddish brown, equal to stabilizing. Right. This, if someone reads it, they may think what if it's not right? Does that mean it's not stable? It's unstable. So there's a doubt that it's creating. Right. So if you have positioning like these, then that's also worth testing. So these are the three basic principles that comes to me. Main image I would say, I think the last two can also apply to title testing. Yeah. Like so whatever they are searching, if they find it in the main image, they'll click it surely. Yes, yes, that's right. That's most of the time they will come. Sorry, what? Yeah, like most of the time they will click on the right, right? Yeah. So you can ask for the keyword data from Balderies asking like hey, for this product, could you identify the keywords that are performing really well Buy really well. You could say converted at least three times in the last two months. Let's say. You can take note of all these things. By the way, In this store thing is okay, the home page is fine, right? Yeah. For this we can just focus on creating landing pages for advertising. That's what I think. Yes. Now are you interested in working on the landing page design concepts or. I mean the reason I'm asking and I'm also not sure is because advertising will be done by boundary. So if she provides you some information regarding what's working, what she wants to advertise on. Right. Then you can do your research and suggest the designs. Yeah, correct. So I'll add it in the my document. Sure. So like this was my first this thing like the main image. Like we choose three, three products from each like each project and then suggest the other alternative image for that. Like this might work or bring. Bring us better conversion. Yes, sounds like a good idea. Don't do main images for many image testing for all by the way. So there should be balance. Right. I give you one example in the presentation. Some title testing, some main image testing. Right. And honestly this is something we need to be ready with very soon because you know, it's been a long time that I had a disaster discussion with her regarding this and we still don't have a plan ready the client. I mean the second thing that I think like is the remaining images that are. I think the main thing to see like. Yes, because we don't like currently now this is the product we don't like. Only have four images. Yes. And also the second image is. It could be more the same thing but also Viva, you are looking at Joyce Energy Drink right now. It's not one of the Focus products. Yeah, no, just I'm seeing. Yeah, like same thing is there for the remaining products as well. Like I had checked. Right, right. It. Is not. Yeah. Metab. Metab is one of the focus. Yes. So this is now Metabar. So if we see like here also these two images, they can be replaced with a. With better images. Even the second one probably is not the most effective one. Who knows? Well, yeah, it is to some extent. Yeah. This is like. It does have a nutritional effect. Yeah. But the second third one doesn't add any value at all because you already get the information from the second one. The same thing is there here. This. You can like add this for on this here along with the package that could be on main image to test. Then you can remove this. Now this has. Yeah, this is. Okay. What I was thinking is adding another two, three images where like. Which will show like when you can use this product. Totally. Yeah. That's all we like showing like office or gym, something like that. Like where people are. Well, people can use this product. Yeah. And I think you will find the review analysis that we did already. I think it's. These are already done on notion. If you still need to do some research on similar. Very similar. You can totally do that if you think some more insight will help. But ideally if you can use the same insight that will make your job easy. Yeah. And the next thing is like we can add something like if it replaces your meal or you can replace the meal or. No, like at what time you can have it. Something like that. Well, one question is whether they would like to say that it's a meal replacement. You know, they would probably like to say it's. It's something you also don't understand how they want to present. They want to say that it's. It's a meal repair replacement. It's rather a snack kind of thing. It's a protein snack that you can have before the gym, after the gym if you're going out somewhere. If you're hungry, maybe you're at work and you're hungry, you need a snack, you can have this. So we can add those kind of things like. Yeah, make. To keep you away from all these things to. For that time. So Viva, I think that your concept is. Okay now I. What would be beneficial right now is to do it product by product. Right. So we need to make a plan for the next three and a half months, let's say. And what I Would like you to do is take each product that you we need to work on for this whole month and do not overwhelm yourself. I think you can see the breakdown. Right. Or you can see the yearly plan that these are the. These are how many tests we need to do. So break it down how many tests we need to do for four months. Select which products you want to do the test with, what test you want to do for which product you want to do, main image test for which product you want to do, title test or overall image test, whatever you want to do. And then select those for each of those products. Specify that. Okay. For main image, this is what you need to test. For the other images, this is what you need to improve. And then for the title experiments for other products, this is what exactly we need to test. Right. Give me that plan so that it's something ready to implement. All right. Your concept is fine. I don't think. I think you are clear on that. So what I am thinking now these are the three focus for us. So for the first month what we can do is. So these are different types of bars and cups. So we can start with bullet point listings for this product hydration mix like images for Joy Bust. Okay. Or. Or pick two products from this and along with that Joy Bust, the image experiments and this newer items, I think they will have a good for now good images are there. So what we can do is we can try title and bullet experience for this. Yeah. To make our life simple, I think you can also primarily focus on the many images. Those are the two focus. And then if you see some products are lacking the images then that's also something. But bullet points, I'm not totally sure. Yeah, it will probably help with SEO. Right. But I don't personally I don't think that it has that much impact on the product listing things conversion as much the title or the main image can have or even the other images can have. Yeah, yeah, that is there. But like we can be. It can help us to like show our product maybe in different searches. Yeah. And I'm seeing any are missing. Right. Right now you can totally do that. But the thing is it will if you think you can do it. It's just that we don't want to spend too much time. We want to prioritize. Right there. There may be 20 different things we can do for one client. But then out of those 20, maybe just 20% of those 20, which is probably four. Right. Four of those probably will bring 80% of the 2020. So that's why I'm asking or suggesting that, okay, if you have these many different things to test, which one do, which ones do you think will bring the highest impact, have the highest impact on the products conversion? And let's just work on that because we are going to get busier with time and yet we have to bring results for our clients. Right? So that's why I'm suggesting that you start with the important stuff. And then if you think that we still, you can still manage to work on the bullet points, let's say 100%. Let's do that. You are, you are right that if we do SEO better, of course it will help. 100% agree. Okay. One more thing is you mentioned that for the next one month, right? Don't do it for just one month, because that way you'll also be very busy. I'm trying to reduce your workload per client, basically. So for this client, what you could do is you can plan this out for the four months, right? At. At the same time, you can just come up with 2, 2, 3 different ideas to test that. You will say, okay, once this is done, we'll test this and then this. That way you will not need to do this every month, which is, you know, very difficult if you want to do it really by the first week of every month. We have never been able to do that. We have never been that punctual. So that's why I was changing my plan to quarterly planning. Right now we are in the middle of. We are almost towards the end of the first quarter, right? So we need to plan for the rest of the quarter, the first quarter and the second quarter. That's what I'm suggesting. So think in three months how many tests we need to do or three and a half months, and then plan accordingly. And of course, you have to break it down after it is this, this is going to be the next test, then this. That's how it will make your job easier too. And I think the clients will also get result. Does that make sense? I mean, you tell me. Yeah, like what I'll do is I will create a sheet with the products that I think like for the three first, first priorities. So then maybe you can select the products that will run on the first month, then second month in the last month, like the next one. Yeah, sure. Do it first and then we'll review it, of course. Create the concrete plan so that it's ready to be implemented. That's the level of detail. We need that. Okay, so if many images to this what exactly are other images needs to be improved. Okay, so what should you write? You may not need to write the exact copy, but you can also say this is what you need to specify and then give examples and what is the topic? You can also specify that if you want to give some examples, this is what you need to write. You can also do that and then give examples. So and title, for example, have the title that you need to test and you know, whenever you come up with a title or anything that you want to test, also clarify what exactly you're testing. So the hypothesis. Right. So for example, for the menu, if you want to add the bars for Metabar, you can say adding meta bar the individual app packages by the side of the metaverse external box to test. That's it. Just specify that that's what you are doing. So we know we have a record, we have a trail that you can refer to. Yeah, I'll first create the document. I'll document everything. Yeah. This one for example is very well done actually. I mean there still may be some gaps. This is like that good. Only two, three things. Like the same things are written like on three. All the three. Yeah. So we can change that and maybe add that vegan keto friendly, all this. Exactly, exactly. Yeah. Take your time and then think about what you can include. And also, for example, if this thing on the last image is important, no one is going to read this, you know that. So we need to probably mention some of the important. Identify which ones are important that drives the key decision making. Right. Buying decision and then specify them in the second and third image. Yeah, I see the second image as the image that helps you position your product. So for which audience and what does it offer to them? And some reasons to believe mean we should focus on these four or five images. The rest, it's fine if we have it or don't have it. Yes, you, the designer has just mentioned that same thing. Three things on all the images. Okay. Yeah, like most of the people are now, most of the sellers are doing such kind of images. Yeah. Before doing these tests, of course for main images you will consider the examples from the category. At the same time for text based improvements, even if you need to add a sticker to the main image or improve the title, you need to understand the positioning and the keywords. Or do you need to do those research first is my point, so that you have the clear idea what may move the needle. Not just any random test. Right. Don't do random test. Have an idea. Okay. These are the things that would make most sense to you. Test this can move the needles. It's like you're almost sure something will happen, but you need, you still need to taste. Like. So like I did not know like how to put all these things in the documentation. So I did not create any of this. Okay, now. Yeah, create it in the notion. Yeah, yeah, you can add it there and then it's very shareable. So. For the A plus and like if we suggest how, like how fast they will be able to create the images, the design team, well, they need at least two weeks for any request. So anything that is complicated, they may take even more. Yeah, it's their standard policy. Then for the video. A plus, I think. Well, for the video. You know what, for the. Okay, the video. I don't think you need to do that right now because I was going to focus on advertising videos only. So I'll let the gallery do that because she's the one doing that advertising. Right. And I was initially thinking that even the landing pages stored from landing pages. I'll ask her to do it. But if you can do it, that's, that's fine. I. I would suggest Viva. Let's just create the plan for the products first. Right. Whatever images, main images or title table testing or bullet point testing you want to do, make that plan first and then we'll see who is more available to do the storefront landing pages. Yeah. All right. So that's about the testing. Is there anything else that you want to talk about? I mean, the taste, about the test? No, nothing about that. Okay, then we will have a call Friday. Yeah, yeah. By when do you think you can get this ready? Yeah, within two days. I'll try to finish it. Okay. Faster because. Sounds good, sounds good. Then we'll have a meeting this week. Yeah, yeah. And apart from that, I know there are some cases that are ongoing. Yeah. Right. So are. Are you are dealing with some of the cases, right? Yeah, two cases. Okay. So one, we are waiting for the images. Yes. So the sales and the metabar, I believe. Yeah. And then we also had problems with one of the drinks, the driver's energy drink in Canada. Yeah, right. Yeah. We. We probably start those images here. Shared. I added them to the case. Okay. Huh. So do you. Are you dealing with that case too? Yeah. Okay. And is there on Trello. Are you adding things, Trillo? I haven't really checked in a while. No, not added in the trailer. I told them. Yeah, yeah, keep on adding them there. That way you will also be able to Maintain your sanity. And for example, right now you told me that there are two cases and I told you about one more. You knew about that but it was not in your mind. Let me tell you about another one. Slim quick extra strength pills. We still haven't heard back. Yeah, it's still going on like that. Yeah. We are getting the same reply again and again. Yes. And I think this is really something we cannot tolerate. I mean probably we need to contact somehow them somehow and then push for it. Right. So that's something we need to work on. For example, so I tried creating a different case but they are saying that it's in progress to get updates on that case only. It's been like I think more than 45 days. I think. Yes. And we need to do something about it. So maybe, I don't know, maybe we can even follow up in the same case and say that hey, it's been 45 days. I would appreciate it. I already said, said that once. That was not a. Didn't get a very positive response. I don't know what else I can do. Even I had said that it's like our expiry date is like going nearing. So our stock is stock. Stock has been called back. So don't worry about that. Yeah, no, I had just added it. And you know what, this thing shows up on our account help page. So I think it also makes sense to contact the account health support and tell them about the situation. It's been these many days and they keep on sending the automated response saying they're reviewing it but we get nothing. So I really appreciate it if they can escalate that. Right. Let's see if we get something from there. More or less. These, these are the things we need to keep on doing. Yeah. Yeah. I think there's another thing that you could help us with which I will make a concrete plan and give it to you is maintain the inventory situation. Because for many of the. Especially for the important products, there are some products from where. Where I think that they are not sending enough inventory. So we need to somehow keep track of the situation on the listing. That, that inventory situation. That's one important thing. And one would just maybe send a monthly report inventory listing suggestion. How do you plan on that? I'll give you the something on that. I think you can like there is a way of. We have a forecast first of all and of course you have a sales history. So we just need to monitor if something the things are being sent correctly or if products are really running low. We need to point out those things. So it's a bit complicated. So I need to think about how I exist. Exactly. I will give it to you because the forecast is involved and then knowing the sales velocity is involved even sometimes like Amazon also suggests the inventory. Yes. Yeah, they do. But I don't think they are very accurate. I just think that because there are many things that are happening. For example, driver's hydration, the demand will go up. So that's where the forecast comes in. Right. In summer months this is going to go up. Right now actually there are things like. So they will probably sell their products to Costco that will generate more awareness. People will probably look for our product online. So we don't take Amazon won't take those into account. Right. That's why the forecast comes in. Anyway, so I will probably think about it. How exactly we can monitor it and then let you know about it. Yeah. Okay. Experiments and this new thing. What else? Right now you are working on the. The Nikki. No. Noki farm, right? Yeah, Noki Farm, the Mangosteen one. So if you could add the two review analysis that would be helpful and the client wants it. So. Yeah, I have added one already. Okay. The main image only remains like the main product review analysis is remaining. Okay. Yeah, if you can add that, that would be wonderful. I awesome to deliver everything within two days including the images. So I need to. I have work to do. Yeah. Then I'll complete this now. Like after something I'll send it. Okay. All right, sounds good. Is there anything else for now? No, nothing else. Nothing else for now. I was hoping that we'd already get the order, but we didn't confirm any order for three more products. We may have a listing page work. Three more products. I think it may be confirmed this week. So let's see. That will add to your workload. Yeah. All right. So this is it for now. And oh, the recording system reporting system is something you are working on? Yeah. So for this now I what I was asking, You can just click on the cross. Yeah, it's authorized. What I was asking is like so the things that you like. New report that was sent, we have to use all this files. Yes. Will need to upload all of these files in the respective folders first on Google Drive. Like this is how it is. Like on a daily basis. Yeah. Well, so. Yes. Okay, here's what I have done. This is ideally done on a daily basis. We don't need to do it daily by the way. We will do it every two weeks like any other report. You create. So that means first week and then third week. And preferably not preferably, we need it done before I meet them. Our meeting is also bi weekly. We'll meet them twice a month. I mean, so we need it before less that they can take a look at this report when we meet. All right, so now how is it done here? This particular client was not very happy with just one month of data. That's what I had done for the Canada report. They said that, well, we at least need to see 6 months of data or 12 months of data. Right. So. So I mean, of course I'm not going to download every day's data for six months. So I downloaded one month of data and I think a little bit more than that. And there's a way of doing it. You will see from metrics, there's a button that you can click and just generate all those reports. You just need to download them. It's easy. Now after that, what I did is let's say for the month of December 2024, I just downloaded the entire months of data and named it as 1224. So as if it happened. All of the sales happened on the first day of the month. So that's how I loaded all the data for six months. That's just during the setup phase. But afterwards we're going to download the daily data and every two weeks and then maintain the report. Okay. Yeah. And honestly, it's not much. Yeah. Like for creating the first report, I might need your help. Yeah, sure. I'll ask your. Maybe on the call we can do it. Well, you know what, how about you do it right now? It's very simple. So open that folder where I send you the. Where you download the files. Yes, yes. Just unzip that and don't copy them. Just I'm not sure. Okay, so for the fees file, now both of them will not go at the same place. So let's open the drive folder first. The drive folder? Yeah. Go to A, B, Excel Tools and the metrics. Click on that. And then use the fees folder. The fees folder. Second one. Yeah. Then new. Okay. Then upload the report here. No, you don't need to create anything. Just upload the file here. Right, it's done. And then go back to ads. For now, we were doing just sponsored product ads, so I downloaded just the sponsored product campaign advertised product report. Oh, I didn't know that you can download upload file in that way anyway. All right, so. And then go back for. Go back to the SKU folder. This you have downloaded for the six months. Past six months? No, it's for just past three months I think. Because you cannot download beyond that, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, so skew and then new there and then upload them. Upload all of the files that you have. These files you downloaded directly from here. Sorry, you downloaded the files from here. When you click on matrix the matrix the restaurant and then click on make sure you logged into the seller central first. There's a way of automating this report. Downloads too Probably I can show you later on. So it will just download. You just have to make sure you're logged into the seller central and whatever you specify, let's say every day or every week it will just keep on downloading the reports. Oh, it's not here, it's on the 25 it. Go back and then click on download any report. Yeah. So the fees report, you don't need to download that every week. Unless that one has. I mean let's say new product was uploaded, added or the prices have changed. Something has changed basically. Unless there's any change, you don't need to download the fees report every week. Okay, so you saw how that works. Now let's go back to the SKU new folder. Are those all downloaded? Uploaded? Yeah. Okay. Looks like they are. Why they are showing us 41. Okay. Who are other? Yeah. Correct. Yeah, they are. Okay. Alright, so now let's go back to the Google sheet and click on metrics. Right now we'll have to import data. Import new data. So let's first update ads. We'll have to do three. All three one by one. It's very simple but it takes a bit of time to figure out. So that's why I'm such a still in this. Doing this on the call right now. I think I'll just let you do it after this script. I mean let it run. I already sent you a video too, right? Yeah. What my this thing was like how you downloaded this like from here. Each. Each file or you separated the file. Now you know, right? Yeah. So I have this thing like you went to the advertising record and downloaded for each day. It's not advertising reports. The files that you see here, it's not advertising. It's a business report by child ac. Yeah, that's correct. But how we have to select. Okay, I'll show you. Let's go back to the go Google sheet. Let's see the script. Okay. Okay. Click on. Ok. All right. Let it run for a while. It will take a bit more time. Okay, now Click on metrics. Right click on metrics and then you see the second option. Download BZ reports for how many days? For 14 days, let's say. Yeah, click on that. You know what it will do? It will run the script and then see what it does. So it will open all 14 days of business report and you just have to go on those, each of those tabs and download it. It will also select the dates already each day. You see. And this is the business report by Child Asin. Right. So you just have to download these and you will see. I mean, don't do that right now download them and name them and there's a naming format. You will get to see the naming format from what I have given you, right? Yes, but also there is no zero. So if it is, for example, let's say the first day of a month, don't write 01, it's one. Yeah, yeah. And it starts with month, by the way. Month, date and year. Okay, now, okay, now let's go back to the Google sheet. Yeah. And, and click on matrix again. And then click on the second option again. You will see there's a plus 14 days. Right. Plus 14 days is basically you download the last 14 days and then on top of that 14 more days, which you don't have to do every time. Just give you an example. We will be doing this weekly so we won't have to do it bi weekly. So it's like 14 days and a few more days than that because it's good to keep two to three days of overlap. You know the data overlap that's necessary for accuracy. Yeah, right. Okay. So that's it. Now all you have to do is click on metrics again because you have uploaded all the files and you processed import new data. You process the. Don't click on anything, you're just describing. And then you have to click on update fees. Once that's done, update SKU files. Right. And when everything's imported, you will have to click on Sync Product Dashboard and we'll process it again and then you will be able to see the dashboard. Now a few things to do after that click somewhere else is instead of daily, we'll just look at monthly data. Right. So you switch to monthly. And also after you process the data, it already shows the ad data. Now already. Sorry, after you do everything, you will see the account level data. Now we also need to see product level data, which is what you get to select from row 120011 27. Yeah, from that drop down. Now there's no option. Why? Because yes. So after you process all of those, the fees report and everything, import them then you will see options. One request to you is to understand which ones are the best performing products, best performing skus and add them in back sequence. So the first one although it doesn't sell very well right now, snack two of that first and then add the others for based on the let's say last six months sales. So go to business report and see which one sold the most and then add them in that sequence and add all of the products. By the way they otherwise complain. Oh, you have this missing. You cannot just add top 10 or top 5 at all of them in the sequence. And what will you do if the product space runs out? So you scroll down and see. You will see after this, after a while you have no more space to add any product. What will you do then? Add more row? Well, you have to click on matrix again and you see dashboard operations Add new product section. That's what you have to click on. Don't do it now but just. Right. And sometimes there may be some something wrong and then the product option doesn't get added. The way you can see which products are added was to go to is to go to the. This is a new tab. I mean the next tab after the this dashboard tab. Not here, not here. Bottom. Yeah, that package one. Yeah, click on that one and this is where you will get to see all of the products. So sometimes it may happen it didn't add it here. Don't manually add it. If it doesn't add it here there are some back end operations or you can add. But let's hope that it doesn't happen. If it happens, let me know. We'll take a look. Yeah. All right. So this makes it. Hopefully this makes it easy, the setup. Yeah, yeah. It will not take much time. All right. So I think that's all for now. I what I want you to do is really document these whatever things I am telling you first of all the tasks. Document those tasks so that they are on Trello or some are organized. Please don't stop doing that. And if you let's say learn something new. Right. You're welcome. Welcome to create one new document on notion. Right. I think I have given you access to the process tab tool, right? Isn't it? Yeah, yeah. So you can create a new row there. Add what you have learned. So for example, for main image testing I gave you three basic things that you can fundamental principles basically. Right. Based on which you can come up with different. Different concepts. So if you. I mean, I don't think it's possible for anybody to remember everything. It's better if it is documented somewhere and it's not a separate process. You cannot say that. Oh, no, I will do it later on. It's as you go. You probably add a version right now. If you think in the future you have known something different, something better, then you will just edit them. Yeah. All right then. Anything else you wanted to ask? Oh, by the way, how is it going? I mean, I. Not. I'm just asking about the work thing. So is there any problem or is there anything that you think could be better for you? Yeah, no problem with doing the finish. Yeah, everything is fine for now. Okay. All right. Oh, I had a request, by the way. Could you add yourself to our. Like, like, could you add our company to your LinkedIn profile? Yeah, I can. Is that fine with you? Yeah, yeah, it's fine. Yeah. I just want to show that our company is good. That's all right. You just have to add the name of the company. Yeah. You will say that you are working here, right. As if it's a job experience. That's all you need to do. And select our company name. You will see. I mean, when you type CPG edge, you know our company name, you see, one icon will show up with our logo. Just add that company. Oh, yeah. The thing is like, I have not been using LinkedIn effectively, so I don't make any changes. Yeah. Just reminding you it's a request. If you do, that will help us show our company in the best light. That's also for us and I don't know if it will help you for now. Hopefully we will not need any kind of help in that regard. For now, anyway. So. Sorry, what was that? Yeah, I lied. That sort of thing. All right, thank you. Bye bye for now. Have a nice evening.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: We can try such this thing. So currently the drink mix product that we.

Speaker B: Okay, this is just the main image example. You're just showing me one example right here.

Speaker A: Yeah. So like this for each product I will. I am like finding five competitors so we can like get idea. So this is the like what you

Speaker B: need to test in terms of the main image and also the listing images.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. So the main image is like currently we have the image with the box and package on the side. That is for this thing. What is it. For Platinum USA as well.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: We have that one drink mix. So the packet and this thing is side by side.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So what I was thinking is like we can create such images. So this is one competitor. So this is another similar example. What I'll do is I'll create a Excel sheet where I'll add this like three products from USA and three products from Canada. For both, both the projects like Platinum and the. Water products missing is. We see here like the main image. The quality is much better. That's what I feel.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's fine. But you know what, it's. You also have to specify why exactly it's better and how. What changes do we need to make right now so that the designer is like as if you're communicating with the designer look, this is what you need from you. You're as if you're just saying this directly to the designer. Right. You have to specify the layout. Right, Design, layout. If you want to change something about how it looks or if you want to change the copy, you will also have to specify that these are the things that I want to mention.

Speaker A: Yeah. Like for example, this here, like it shows how to use it.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Actually this kind of image is not that important. Like people know how to use it. But still very quick. Keep it.

Speaker B: It's

Speaker A: better. It's not.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure.

Speaker A: Then along with like 2, 3 lifestyle images where people are using the product.

Speaker B: But then you know, or you have to specify again like what kind of lifestyle image, what do you want to show just using the product? Or I mean is. Is there any kind of specific message that lifestyle image needs to communicate or. We don't have the flexibility with photography, by the way, so probably it will be difficult for them to implement if we specify something. I mean, if it has to be photographed, they have many photos on their Instagram, for example.

Speaker A: So now this is another image where like it shows items outside of the box along with what it contains.

Speaker B: Right. It looks very good in the glass on the package.

Speaker A: Yeah. So now this main image like we can suggest, like, we cannot guarantee what will be, what will be the outcome. So we will have to test it and then we can understand.

Speaker B: One important point would be, so for no sugar company products or Chiverse products, I mean, look, we cannot change the packaging, right? But despite that, we will suggest if we place the products that are inside side it in this way, or add certain crops like those berries and watermelon, then it will look better or make Onward better, then we can of course do it. Or maybe adding some information, although it's not a part of the label. But for Element, for example, it wrote that 3x, right? Yeah, something like that. If you have to suggest, you can totally do that. One extra thing for slimquid US products, especially the bestsellers, is that you can also think of what you could include on the packaging and then do one main image testing with the different package, which probably shouldn't be too much different. But you think some copy based on our keyword research or you know, ad performance, I think you should also be able to analyze ad performance or maybe you can communicate that with Valerie and she will give you the information. Look, these are the keywords that are converting. Well, so based on those insights and also positioning analysis that you do based on reviews and all, if you could suggest how else, what else needs to be there on the packaging, we could totally do that test. Because for that brand we have the flexibility of developing our own packaging.

Speaker A: So like this was I was thinking, but like, I don't know how, like in which format should I present it? Like, regarding the images, should I do it? Do a. Do I type the text how it is?

Speaker B: Well, I would say that on Notion, Notion is very convenient if you want to, let's say, add some text, then add some images, add some comments. It's very useful in that way. So I would suggest that you can go to Notion, sorry, the Notion and then the Amazon product pages right there, you can create different pages for each product and then say, hey, these are the things that you need to test. These are some apartments, examples. This is what I want to write. So I'll give you an example. If you go to Notion right now, for example, nokiform, you have it open. So just go there and then go a little bit back. Yes, you will see for three farmers. For three farmers here, click on that. And then you will see I have specified, I have given some examples and I have suggested what I need to include. Right? This is what you can do.

Speaker A: Okay, but now these things like this will be done by a Designer by designer.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: This won't be there on the actual distinguish they receive.

Speaker B: Well, I. Okay, so for the products look, we're doing AB testing, right? And so that's why I said that we may also run into some trouble if, if it is on the design but it's not on the packaging. For example, for extra strength kills. It once happened that the design that we had, we updated this so that it becomes ad eligible, made some minor changes, remove the claim, lose up to 25 pounds and added something else there. And what happened? They rejected almost 1800 units of that product when you shipped it because they said, oh, this looks different from what you have on your product list. So that's also risky if we want to do that kind of stuff. For example, if element has done it in a way it's totally clear that

Speaker A: it's not on the actual packaging like this.

Speaker B: Yeah, but at the same time, you know this is also against Amazon's policy.

Speaker A: So yeah, they won't allow labels. But like.

Speaker B: Yes, but these are already there on Amazon. So they have done in a way so that Amazon cannot detect it's something if it's a sticker or label. But at the same time it's not on the actual packaging. So the Amazon warehouse people, they can identify that. No, it's, it's something different, it's not the packaging. So there should be a balance. Basically.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you are suggesting that like the words that we use here must like if we check the keywords which are converting better, it could be the keywords.

Speaker B: Yes, keyword inclusion works. Okay, so for AB testing, just to give you a basic idea, right. A few things that really impacts the click through rate. First is the color palette. And honestly, I'm not a designer guy. I believe you are also not a designer guy. But if it can be made high contrast then probably it will draw more attention. That's one basic principle. Second is inclusion of different keywords that are really doing well for us. So for example, if you could include the word weight loss on our weight loss products, it would do really, really well. But then that would make it ad ineligible. So you cannot do it. But we can probably try including weight management. Probably will also be a little bit pleased. So that's what I'm suggesting that we. Okay, that's the second idea. Third idea is if it is something related to its position that really makes it different. For example, for Lugal's ire, if we could create a doubt in the people's mind that remember we wrote one bullet point, the first bullet, bullet point as rich reddish brown, equal to stabilizing. Right. This, if someone reads it, they may think what if it's not right? Does that mean it's not stable? It's unstable. So there's a doubt that it's creating. Right. So if you have positioning like these, then that's also worth testing. So these are the three basic principles that comes to me. Main image I would say, I think the last two can also apply to title testing.

Speaker A: Yeah. Like so whatever they are searching, if they find it in the main image, they'll click it surely.

Speaker B: Yes, yes, that's right.

Speaker A: That's most of the time they will come.

Speaker B: Sorry, what?

Speaker A: Yeah, like most of the time they will click on the right, right?

Speaker B: Yeah. So you can ask for the keyword data from Balderies asking like hey, for this product, could you identify the keywords that are performing really well Buy really well. You could say converted at least three times in the last two months. Let's say. You can take note of all these things. By the way,

Speaker A: In this store thing

Speaker B: is okay, the home page is fine, right?

Speaker A: Yeah. For this we can just focus on creating landing pages for advertising. That's what I think.

Speaker B: Yes. Now are you interested in working on the landing page design concepts or. I mean the reason I'm asking and I'm also not sure is because advertising will be done by boundary. So if she provides you some information regarding what's working, what she wants to advertise on. Right. Then you can do your research and suggest the designs.

Speaker A: Yeah, correct. So I'll add it in the my document.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: So like this was my first this thing like the main image. Like we choose three, three products from each like each project and then suggest the other alternative image for that. Like this might work or bring. Bring us better conversion.

Speaker B: Yes, sounds like a good idea. Don't do main images for many image testing for all by the way. So there should be balance. Right. I give you one example in the presentation. Some title testing, some main image testing. Right. And honestly this is something we need to be ready with very soon because you know, it's been a long time that I had a disaster discussion with her regarding this and we still don't have a plan ready the client.

Speaker A: I mean the second thing that I think like is the remaining images that are. I think the main thing to see like. Yes, because we don't like currently now this is the product we don't like. Only have four images.

Speaker B: Yes. And also the second image is.

Speaker A: It could be more the same thing

Speaker B: but also Viva, you are looking at Joyce Energy Drink right now. It's not one of the Focus products.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, just I'm seeing.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker A: like same thing is there for the remaining products as well. Like I had checked.

Speaker B: Right, right. It.

Speaker A: Is not.

Speaker B: Yeah. Metab. Metab is one of the focus. Yes.

Speaker A: So this is now Metabar. So if we see like here also these two images, they can be replaced with a. With better images.

Speaker B: Even the second one probably is not the most effective one. Who knows? Well, yeah, it is to some extent.

Speaker A: Yeah. This is like. It does have a nutritional effect.

Speaker B: Yeah. But the second third one doesn't add any value at all because you already get the information from the second one.

Speaker A: The same thing is there here.

Speaker B: This.

Speaker A: You can like add this for on this here along with the package that

Speaker B: could be on main image to test.

Speaker A: Then you can remove this. Now this has. Yeah, this is. Okay. What I was thinking is adding another two, three images where like. Which will show like when you can use this product.

Speaker B: Totally. Yeah.

Speaker A: That's all we like showing like office or gym, something like that. Like where people are. Well, people can use this product.

Speaker B: Yeah. And I think you will find the review analysis that we did already. I think it's. These are already done on notion. If you still need to do some research on similar. Very similar. You can totally do that if you think some more insight will help. But ideally if you can use the same insight that will make your job easy.

Speaker A: Yeah. And the next thing is like we can add something like if it replaces your meal or you can replace the meal or. No, like at what time you can have it. Something like that.

Speaker B: Well, one question is whether they would like to say that it's a meal replacement. You know, they would probably like to say it's. It's something you also don't understand how they want to present. They want to say that it's. It's a meal repair replacement. It's rather a snack kind of thing. It's a protein snack that you can have before the gym, after the gym if you're going out somewhere. If you're hungry, maybe you're at work and you're hungry, you need a snack, you can have this.

Speaker A: So we can add those kind of things like. Yeah, make. To keep you away from all these things to. For that time.

Speaker B: So Viva, I think that your concept is. Okay now I. What would be beneficial right now is to do it product by product. Right. So we need to make a plan for the next three and a half months, let's say. And what I Would like you to do is take each product that you we need to work on for this whole month and do not overwhelm yourself. I think you can see the breakdown. Right. Or you can see the yearly plan that these are the. These are how many tests we need to do. So break it down how many tests we need to do for four months. Select which products you want to do the test with, what test you want to do for which product you want to do, main image test for which product you want to do, title test or overall image test, whatever you want to do. And then select those for each of those products. Specify that. Okay. For main image, this is what you need to test. For the other images, this is what you need to improve. And then for the title experiments for other products, this is what exactly we need to test.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Give me that plan so that it's something ready to implement. All right. Your concept is fine. I don't think. I think you are clear on that.

Speaker A: So what I am thinking now these are the three focus for us. So for the first month what we can do is. So these are different types of bars and cups. So we can start with bullet point listings for this product hydration mix like images for Joy Bust. Okay. Or. Or pick two products from this and along with that Joy Bust, the image experiments and this newer items, I think they will have a good for now good images are there. So what we can do is we can try title and bullet experience for this.

Speaker B: Yeah. To make our life simple, I think you can also primarily focus on the many images. Those are the two focus. And then if you see some products are lacking the images then that's also something. But bullet points, I'm not totally sure. Yeah, it will probably help with SEO. Right. But I don't personally I don't think that it has that much impact on the product listing things conversion as much the title or the main image can have or even the other images can have.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, that is there. But like we can be. It can help us to like show our product maybe in different searches.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And I'm seeing any are missing.

Speaker B: Right. Right now you can totally do that. But the thing is it will if you think you can do it. It's just that we don't want to spend too much time. We want to prioritize. Right there. There may be 20 different things we can do for one client. But then out of those 20, maybe just 20% of those 20, which is probably four. Right. Four of those probably will bring 80% of the 2020. So that's why I'm asking or suggesting that, okay, if you have these many different things to test, which one do, which ones do you think will bring the highest impact, have the highest impact on the products conversion? And let's just work on that because we are going to get busier with time and yet we have to bring results for our clients. Right? So that's why I'm suggesting that you start with the important stuff. And then if you think that we still, you can still manage to work on the bullet points, let's say 100%. Let's do that. You are, you are right that if we do SEO better, of course it will help. 100% agree. Okay. One more thing is you mentioned that for the next one month, right? Don't do it for just one month, because that way you'll also be very busy. I'm trying to reduce your workload per client, basically. So for this client, what you could do is you can plan this out for the four months, right? At. At the same time, you can just come up with 2, 2, 3 different ideas to test that. You will say, okay, once this is done, we'll test this and then this. That way you will not need to do this every month, which is, you know, very difficult if you want to do it really by the first week of every month. We have never been able to do that. We have never been that punctual. So that's why I was changing my plan to quarterly planning. Right now we are in the middle of. We are almost towards the end of the first quarter, right? So we need to plan for the rest of the quarter, the first quarter and the second quarter. That's what I'm suggesting. So think in three months how many tests we need to do or three and a half months, and then plan accordingly. And of course, you have to break it down after it is this, this is going to be the next test, then this. That's how it will make your job easier too. And I think the clients will also get result. Does that make sense? I mean, you tell me.

Speaker A: Yeah, like what I'll do is I will create a sheet with the products that I think like for the three first, first priorities. So then maybe you can select the products that will run on the first month, then second month in the last month, like the next one.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. Do it first and then we'll review it, of course. Create the concrete plan so that it's ready to be implemented. That's the level of detail. We need that. Okay, so if many images to this what exactly are other images needs to be improved. Okay, so what should you write? You may not need to write the exact copy, but you can also say this is what you need to specify and then give examples and what is the topic? You can also specify that if you want to give some examples, this is what you need to write. You can also do that and then give examples. So and title, for example, have the title that you need to test and you know, whenever you come up with a title or anything that you want to test, also clarify what exactly you're testing. So the hypothesis. Right. So for example, for the menu, if you want to add the bars for Metabar, you can say adding meta bar the individual app packages by the side of the metaverse external box to test. That's it. Just specify that that's what you are doing. So we know we have a record, we have a trail that you can refer to.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'll first create the document. I'll document everything.

Speaker B: Yeah. This one for example is very well done actually. I mean there still may be some gaps.

Speaker A: This is like that good. Only two, three things. Like the same things are written like on three. All the three.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So we can change that and maybe add that vegan keto friendly, all this.

Speaker B: Exactly, exactly. Yeah. Take your time and then think about what you can include. And also, for example, if this thing on the last image is important, no one is going to read this, you know that. So we need to probably mention some of the important. Identify which ones are important that drives the key decision making. Right. Buying decision and then specify them in the second and third image. Yeah, I see the second image as the image that helps you position your product. So for which audience and what does it offer to them? And some reasons to believe

Speaker A: mean we should focus on these four or five images. The rest, it's fine if we have it or don't have it.

Speaker B: Yes, you, the designer has just mentioned that same thing. Three things on all the images. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, like most of the people are now, most of the sellers are doing such kind of images.

Speaker B: Yeah. Before doing these tests, of course for main images you will consider the examples from the category. At the same time for text based improvements, even if you need to add a sticker to the main image or improve the title, you need to understand the positioning and the keywords. Or do you need to do those research first is my point, so that you have the clear idea what may move the needle. Not just any random test. Right. Don't do random test. Have an idea. Okay. These are the things that would make most sense to you. Test this can move the needles. It's like you're almost sure something will happen, but you need, you still need to taste.

Speaker A: Like. So like I did not know like how to put all these things in the documentation. So I did not create any of this.

Speaker B: Okay, now.

Speaker A: Yeah, create it in the notion.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, you can add it there and then it's very shareable. So.

Speaker A: For the A plus and like if we suggest how, like how fast they will be able to create the images, the design team, well, they need at

Speaker B: least two weeks for any request. So anything that is complicated, they may take even more. Yeah, it's their standard policy.

Speaker A: Then for the video. A plus, I think.

Speaker B: Well, for the video. You know what, for the. Okay, the video. I don't think you need to do that right now because I was going to focus on advertising videos only. So I'll let the gallery do that because she's the one doing that advertising. Right. And I was initially thinking that even the landing pages stored from landing pages. I'll ask her to do it. But if you can do it, that's, that's fine. I. I would suggest Viva. Let's just create the plan for the products first. Right. Whatever images, main images or title table testing or bullet point testing you want to do, make that plan first and then we'll see who is more available to do the storefront landing pages. Yeah. All right. So that's about the testing. Is there anything else that you want to talk about? I mean, the taste, about the test?

Speaker A: No, nothing about that.

Speaker B: Okay,

Speaker A: then we will have a call Friday.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. By when do you think you can get this ready?

Speaker A: Yeah, within two days. I'll try to finish it.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Faster because.

Speaker B: Sounds good, sounds good. Then we'll have a meeting this week. Yeah, yeah. And apart from that, I know there are some cases that are ongoing.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Right. So are. Are you are dealing with some of the cases, right?

Speaker A: Yeah, two cases.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So one, we are waiting for the images.

Speaker B: Yes. So the sales and the metabar, I believe. Yeah. And then we also had problems with one of the drinks, the driver's energy drink in Canada. Yeah, right.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: We.

Speaker A: We probably start those images here. Shared. I added them to the case.

Speaker B: Okay. Huh. So do you. Are you dealing with that case too?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. And is there on Trello. Are you adding things, Trillo? I haven't really checked in a while.

Speaker A: No, not added in the trailer. I told them.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, keep on adding them there. That way you will also be able to Maintain your sanity. And for example, right now you told me that there are two cases and I told you about one more. You knew about that but it was not in your mind. Let me tell you about another one. Slim quick extra strength pills. We still haven't heard back.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's still going on like that.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: We are getting the same reply again and again.

Speaker B: Yes. And I think this is really something we cannot tolerate. I mean probably we need to contact somehow them somehow and then push for it. Right. So that's something we need to work on.

Speaker A: For example, so I tried creating a different case but they are saying that it's in progress to get updates on that case only. It's been like I think more than 45 days. I think.

Speaker B: Yes. And we need to do something about it. So maybe, I don't know, maybe we can even follow up in the same case and say that hey, it's been 45 days. I would appreciate it. I already said, said that once. That was not a. Didn't get a very positive response. I don't know what else I can do.

Speaker A: Even I had said that it's like our expiry date is like going nearing. So our stock is stock.

Speaker B: Stock has been called back. So don't worry about that.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, I had just added it.

Speaker B: And you know what, this thing shows up on our account help page. So I think it also makes sense to contact the account health support and tell them about the situation. It's been these many days and they keep on sending the automated response saying they're reviewing it but we get nothing. So I really appreciate it if they can escalate that. Right. Let's see if we get something from there. More or less. These, these are the things we need to keep on doing.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. I think there's another thing that you could help us with which I will make a concrete plan and give it to you is maintain the inventory situation. Because for many of the. Especially for the important products, there are some products from where. Where I think that they are not sending enough inventory. So we need to somehow keep track of the situation on the listing. That, that inventory situation. That's one important thing.

Speaker A: And one would just maybe send a monthly report inventory listing suggestion.

Speaker B: How do you plan on that? I'll give you the something on that. I think you can like there is a way of. We have a forecast first of all and of course you have a sales history. So we just need to monitor if something the things are being sent correctly or if products are really running low. We need to point out those things. So it's a bit complicated. So I need to think about how I exist. Exactly. I will give it to you because the forecast is involved and then knowing

Speaker A: the sales velocity is involved even sometimes like Amazon also suggests the inventory.

Speaker B: Yes. Yeah, they do. But I don't think they are very accurate. I just think that because there are many things that are happening. For example, driver's hydration, the demand will go up. So that's where the forecast comes in. Right. In summer months this is going to go up. Right now actually there are things like. So they will probably sell their products to Costco that will generate more awareness. People will probably look for our product online. So we don't take Amazon won't take those into account. Right. That's why the forecast comes in. Anyway, so I will probably think about it. How exactly we can monitor it and then let you know about it. Yeah. Okay. Experiments and this new thing. What else? Right now you are working on the. The Nikki. No. Noki farm, right? Yeah, Noki Farm, the Mangosteen one. So if you could add the two review analysis that would be helpful and the client wants it. So.

Speaker A: Yeah, I have added one already.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: The main image only remains like the main product review analysis is remaining.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, if you can add that, that would be wonderful. I awesome to deliver everything within two days including the images. So I need to. I have work to do. Yeah.

Speaker A: Then I'll complete this now. Like after something I'll send it.

Speaker B: Okay. All right, sounds good. Is there anything else for now?

Speaker A: No, nothing else.

Speaker B: Nothing else for now. I was hoping that we'd already get the order, but we didn't confirm any order for three more products. We may have a listing page work. Three more products. I think it may be confirmed this week. So let's see. That will add to your workload. Yeah. All right. So this is it for now. And oh, the recording system reporting system is something you are working on?

Speaker A: Yeah. So for this now I what I was asking,

Speaker B: You can just click on the cross. Yeah, it's authorized.

Speaker A: What I was asking is like so the things that you like. New report that was sent, we have to use all this files.

Speaker B: Yes. Will need to upload all of these files in the respective folders first on Google Drive.

Speaker A: Like this is how it is. Like on a daily basis.

Speaker B: Yeah. Well, so. Yes. Okay, here's what I have done. This is ideally done on a daily basis. We don't need to do it daily by the way. We will do it every two weeks like any other report. You create. So that means first week and then third week. And preferably not preferably, we need it done before I meet them. Our meeting is also bi weekly. We'll meet them twice a month. I mean, so we need it before less that they can take a look at this report when we meet. All right, so now how is it done here? This particular client was not very happy with just one month of data. That's what I had done for the Canada report. They said that, well, we at least need to see 6 months of data or 12 months of data. Right. So. So I mean, of course I'm not going to download every day's data for six months. So I downloaded one month of data and I think a little bit more than that. And there's a way of doing it. You will see from metrics, there's a button that you can click and just generate all those reports. You just need to download them. It's easy. Now after that, what I did is let's say for the month of December 2024, I just downloaded the entire months of data and named it as 1224. So as if it happened. All of the sales happened on the first day of the month. So that's how I loaded all the data for six months. That's just during the setup phase. But afterwards we're going to download the daily data and every two weeks and then maintain the report.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. And honestly, it's not much.

Speaker A: Yeah. Like for creating the first report, I might need your help.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure.

Speaker A: I'll ask your. Maybe on the call we can do it.

Speaker B: Well, you know what, how about you do it right now? It's very simple. So open that folder where I send you the. Where you download the files. Yes, yes. Just unzip that and don't copy them. Just I'm not sure. Okay, so for the fees file, now both of them will not go at the same place. So let's open the drive folder first. The drive folder?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Go to A, B, Excel Tools and the metrics. Click on that. And then use the fees folder. The fees folder. Second one. Yeah. Then new. Okay. Then upload the report here. No, you don't need to create anything. Just upload the file here. Right, it's done. And then go back to ads. For now, we were doing just sponsored product ads, so I downloaded just the sponsored product campaign advertised product report. Oh, I didn't know that you can download upload file in that way anyway. All right, so. And then go back for. Go back to the SKU folder.

Speaker A: This you have downloaded for the six months. Past six months?

Speaker B: No, it's for just past three months I think. Because you cannot download beyond that, right?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so skew and then new there and then upload them. Upload all of the files that you have.

Speaker A: These files you downloaded directly from here. Sorry, you downloaded the files from here.

Speaker B: When you click on matrix the matrix the restaurant and then click on make sure you logged into the seller central first. There's a way of automating this report. Downloads too Probably I can show you later on. So it will just download. You just have to make sure you're logged into the seller central and whatever you specify, let's say every day or every week it will just keep on downloading the reports. Oh, it's not here, it's on the 25 it. Go back and then click on download any report. Yeah. So the fees report, you don't need to download that every week. Unless that one has. I mean let's say new product was uploaded, added or the prices have changed. Something has changed basically. Unless there's any change, you don't need to download the fees report every week. Okay, so you saw how that works. Now let's go back to the SKU new folder. Are those all downloaded? Uploaded? Yeah. Okay. Looks like they are.

Speaker A: Why they are showing us 41. Okay. Who are other?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Correct. Yeah, they are.

Speaker B: Okay. Alright, so now let's go back to the Google sheet and click on metrics. Right now we'll have to import data. Import new data. So let's first update ads. We'll have to do three. All three one by one. It's very simple but it takes a bit of time to figure out. So that's why I'm such a still in this. Doing this on the call right now. I think I'll just let you do it after this script. I mean let it run. I already sent you a video too, right?

Speaker A: Yeah. What my this thing was like how you downloaded this like from here. Each. Each file or you separated the file.

Speaker B: Now you know, right?

Speaker A: Yeah. So I have this thing like you went to the advertising record and downloaded for each day.

Speaker B: It's not advertising reports. The files that you see here, it's not advertising. It's a business report by child ac.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's correct. But how we have to select.

Speaker B: Okay, I'll show you. Let's go back to the go Google sheet. Let's see the script. Okay. Okay. Click on. Ok. All right. Let it run for a while. It will take a bit more time. Okay, now Click on metrics. Right click on metrics and then you see the second option. Download BZ reports for how many days? For 14 days, let's say. Yeah, click on that. You know what it will do? It will run the script and then see what it does. So it will open all 14 days of business report and you just have to go on those, each of those tabs and download it. It will also select the dates already each day. You see. And this is the business report by Child Asin. Right. So you just have to download these and you will see. I mean, don't do that right now download them and name them and there's a naming format. You will get to see the naming format from what I have given you, right? Yes, but also there is no zero. So if it is, for example, let's say the first day of a month, don't write 01, it's one. Yeah, yeah. And it starts with month, by the way. Month, date and year. Okay, now, okay, now let's go back to the Google sheet. Yeah. And, and click on matrix again. And then click on the second option again. You will see there's a plus 14 days. Right. Plus 14 days is basically you download the last 14 days and then on top of that 14 more days, which you don't have to do every time. Just give you an example.

Speaker A: We will be doing this weekly so we won't have to do it bi weekly.

Speaker B: So it's like 14 days and a few more days than that because it's good to keep two to three days of overlap. You know the data overlap that's necessary for accuracy. Yeah, right. Okay. So that's it. Now all you have to do is click on metrics again because you have uploaded all the files and you processed import new data. You process the. Don't click on anything, you're just describing. And then you have to click on update fees. Once that's done, update SKU files. Right. And when everything's imported, you will have to click on Sync Product Dashboard and we'll process it again and then you will be able to see the dashboard. Now a few things to do after that click somewhere else is instead of daily, we'll just look at monthly data. Right. So you switch to monthly. And also after you process the data, it already shows the ad data. Now already. Sorry, after you do everything, you will see the account level data. Now we also need to see product level data, which is what you get to select from row 120011 27. Yeah, from that drop down. Now there's no option. Why?

Speaker A: Because

Speaker B: yes. So after you process all of those, the fees report and everything, import them then you will see options. One request to you is to understand which ones are the best performing products, best performing skus and add them in back sequence. So the first one although it doesn't sell very well right now, snack two of that first and then add the others for based on the let's say last six months sales. So go to business report and see which one sold the most and then add them in that sequence and add all of the products. By the way they otherwise complain. Oh, you have this missing. You cannot just add top 10 or top 5 at all of them in the sequence. And what will you do if the product space runs out? So you scroll down and see. You will see after this, after a while you have no more space to add any product. What will you do then?

Speaker A: Add more row?

Speaker B: Well, you have to click on matrix again and you see dashboard operations Add new product section. That's what you have to click on. Don't do it now but just. Right. And sometimes there may be some something wrong and then the product option doesn't get added. The way you can see which products are added was to go to is to go to the. This is a new tab. I mean the next tab after the this dashboard tab. Not here, not here. Bottom. Yeah, that package one. Yeah, click on that one and this is where you will get to see all of the products. So sometimes it may happen it didn't add it here. Don't manually add it. If it doesn't add it here there are some back end operations or you can add. But let's hope that it doesn't happen. If it happens, let me know. We'll take a look. Yeah. All right. So this makes it. Hopefully this makes it easy, the setup.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: It will not take much time. All right. So I think that's all for now. I what I want you to do is really document these whatever things I am telling you first of all the tasks. Document those tasks so that they are on Trello or some are organized. Please don't stop doing that. And if you let's say learn something new. Right. You're welcome. Welcome to create one new document on notion. Right. I think I have given you access to the process tab tool, right? Isn't it? Yeah, yeah. So you can create a new row there. Add what you have learned. So for example, for main image testing I gave you three basic things that you can fundamental principles basically. Right. Based on which you can come up with different. Different concepts. So if you. I mean, I don't think it's possible for anybody to remember everything. It's better if it is documented somewhere and it's not a separate process. You cannot say that. Oh, no, I will do it later on. It's as you go. You probably add a version right now. If you think in the future you have known something different, something better, then you will just edit them. Yeah. All right then. Anything else you wanted to ask? Oh, by the way, how is it going? I mean, I. Not. I'm just asking about the work thing. So is there any problem or is there anything that you think could be better for you?

Speaker A: Yeah, no problem with doing the finish. Yeah, everything is fine for now.

Speaker B: Okay. All right. Oh, I had a request, by the way. Could you add yourself to our. Like, like, could you add our company to your LinkedIn profile?

Speaker A: Yeah, I can.

Speaker B: Is that fine with you?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, it's fine.

Speaker B: Yeah. I just want to show that our company is good. That's all right.

Speaker A: You just have to add the name of the company.

Speaker B: Yeah. You will say that you are working here, right. As if it's a job experience. That's all you need to do. And select our company name. You will see. I mean, when you type CPG edge, you know our company name, you see, one icon will show up with our logo. Just add that company.

Speaker A: Oh, yeah. The thing is like, I have not been using LinkedIn effectively, so I don't make any changes.

Speaker B: Yeah. Just reminding you it's a request. If you do, that will help us show our company in the best light. That's also for us and I don't know if it will help you for now. Hopefully we will not need any kind of help in that regard. For now, anyway. So. Sorry, what was that?

Speaker A: Yeah, I lied. That sort of thing.

Speaker B: All right, thank you. Bye bye for now. Have a nice evening.

