Transcript for: Recording__1138.mp4
Title: Recording #1138
============================================================

We will do that. And before we start working on it, I sent a video on the storefront design. So is there any question regarding that? Not yet, no. We haven't dug, like, deep into it. We rationalized all those pages and then that's still where it's on the to do list about start. So I feel like I won't have questions until I'm like, in it. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. So once we start building that. But that is a good question, Brittany, because we'll have to keep that project moving. Like, it will kind of happen alongside some of those. The content that you guys are getting for just even launching or the photography in with Bob and stuff. Because I have a feeling, like new packaging. Because we're putting in an order. We're putting an order for the snacks to go 30 times 15 gram. However, we're stocked right now pretty much for the next three months on that item too. So just. Right. Just making sure we keep it on track and keep moving so that the majority of it is ready so that if we do have to make the swap, like. Yeah, we make it. Yeah. Because we're probably like, most likely. We had said the swap. Swap doesn't really happen until like January. Is that a good. No, I would plan for like November because right now. So in the inventory. Sorry, on Amazon, like, what have we shipped in? No, yeah, like November. Okay, good. Yeah. Because. And again, it's all on. We'll find out more on the new item meetings of where they're tracking and putting orders. But right now, our forecast, like, the inventory report just went over. Like, we keep enough stock in Amazon right now for like two to three months. So we know we have two to three months, but one day Anima is going to come on the call and say it's the new look shipping. So then we know what we're tracking to. So, yeah, I promise I wasn't planning for January, but that was just the last month we had thrown out. Okay. Yeah. And then I'd probably. Again, the product pages are the priority. Like if you're going to start somewhere to just start building so that we have at least something started with the 2D images, the front and back. And then you have to add on the other graphics and stuff. But I would start with product pages, then A plus content, then storefront. Going to also ask Lindsay when she feels a little bit of reprieve. Like, I know you have that task list for her. Yeah. So I just, I want to slot that in a time that makes sense for her too. Yeah. And again, I would make sure it breaks down week by week. Like focus this one, get this one done and then the next and the next. So that's kind of what I. Yeah, I hope. What I'm hoping is that sort of like the snacks to GoS are so similar. Yes. You know, besides serving that, we can just. It's like one and one and then we can spread them out. Yeah, yeah. See, in this process, where do you need my input? I feel like I'll link things to you. Right. Like we'll kind of do the design part and then come to you. And obviously, like, we've established that it's not affecting keywords. It's not obviously like SEO loaded or anything. So therefore it should be hopefully not till the end when we're actually building the pages. That's my hope that we won't have to bug you. Yeah, yeah. You've given us like case studies to kind of follow who's doing what well and what kinds of things. The copy is already set up for the new variety pack. Like both variety packs are done. So it's just plugging in new imagery. Right. And then honestly, the third thing, show home is just making sure, which we talked about last time, is as long as we have an image that communicates that you may receive this or that, unless there's more information you have to bring just to make sure there's no fulfillment issues with the trans transition. That's kind of what we're going to do. We'll make sure there's one image up to show this versus that new mate and some sort of just communication saying that. Right. Okay. Yeah, got it. All right, so I have a lot of information to show you thinking how should I get started? Okay. So I think I should start. Okay. I have a diff. I have a few different things to show you. So first thing is like kind of and an overview of our historical performance, including, let's say how the demand fluctuated and how some of our competitors that are relevant for, I mean that are best performers for keywords that are relevant for our brand performed versus us. Along with that current advertising data, that's another thing. And I have also prepared some data on lifetime value. So all of these different things. So I probably will. And also before I show this, start discussing about this, I would like to talk about the data and the current situation first. It's not necessarily. We are not necessarily going to discuss the action steps in this meeting. Probably just walk you through the. All the data set and get your Opinion on what do you think about that and how the analysis has been done, getting your opinion on that, if you agree with that method. And in the next meeting in two weeks, we can, I can prepare a plan of action and then have a discussion about that in the next meeting. That's what I'm thinking. Okay. Okay. All right, so let's get started. This is where I have. I'm first going to talk about the some of the relevant keywords that are relevant in the snack category and particularly for our brand, how the demand has fluctuated since 2022. And then we are also going to see how three farmers and the competitors have performed against the category growth. And this is something we had some discussion about before. And we are also going to take a look at some of the keywords, how they performed since February. All right, so let's get started with the search volume trend since 2022. This is before I talk about this chart here, let me show you the keywords that have considered. These are the setup keywords that I have considered. I mean, I mean I have measured the search volume and how they have fluctuated since 2022. And the reason is all of these are relevant for our kind of product. Yes, you may say how is it a member relevant for our product? But they are in the healthy snack or protein snack. They're relevant to that category. Inside thought that I could also consider keywords like 8mm snack on top of that kids snack. So all the snack related keywords, that's what I've considered and I have gathered their month over month search volume, added them up and this is how it looks like. If I plot that Data starting from 2025, May 2025 to it has the data until May 2020. Sorry, May 2022 to May 2025. Yeah. And this is something I showed Brittany before and I think that she may have shared this with you before too. So if you see one trend here, one major trend is that around just before September there's a spike in the search volume in the snack category. And I believe this is because back to school, which is why we wanted to do this promo. And then you will see a downward trend towards the end of the year. And then again it jumps back towards the beginning of January. It stays there for a while, but you will see a downward trend. Not too sharp, but a downward trend towards the end of the year. In this year, for example, we didn't see any jump in September for some reason. This is what the data says. And then again in January. Yeah, There's a jump and then downward trend. September jumps back and then again down our trend towards, towards the end of the year, then again jumps back in January. And we are in that if this pattern is still valid then we'll, I mean I'm guessing that this is what we'll also get to see from here. It will, there will be a downward trend till the end of the year in demand. Now this is how it compares the category growth. If you notice even here the search volume has kept on growing. It has not only fluctuated, there has been a pattern, but at the same time the total search volume of all these keywords have grown year over year. And if we compare the June 2024 search volume of all of these keywords versus June 2025, this is where we stand. So June 2024 we had somewhere around 22, 220,000 in searches total. And whereas this year in June we had slightly over, I mean 475,000 around that, the total search volume was around that. Now because the, there has been this growth, we also want to see how if we could take advantage of this growth and could grow in the similar proportion. And also you want to see how computers performed. I mean computers kept up with this growth in demand and a little bit more information on these keywords. So if we look at the keywords and put them into some buckets. So for example all the protein keywords into one bucket and then healthy snacks related keywords in another one, we see that just one. Is this CA or cn.com? yeah, I'm just looking at CS. Yeah, no, I just wanted to make sure. Yeah, okay. Yeah, so most of the delta share, I mean most of the growth you will see almost 25, 3% of the demand growth out of all these keywords came from protein related keywords and also 13 came from healthy. 20% came from snacks. So overall the snack category on Amazon Canada also have grown. This is just in a year. Okay, well so these are a few things that we just discussed and these are the implications we already discussed. This is more like a summary of what we just discussed and some of the recommendations. And this is something we have done already. But I think this should not be just a one time process. Probably we should review this occasionally. The search, the keywords and the aco. And also we are getting new data because we are advertising. Right. So we should be taking some of the insights and also reviewing our current product page and yeah, that's basically it. We should review the current product page content and this One, the second one that I have discussed is primarily because of kids snacks. And also there are specific keywords, for example adults and then kids. I think we are not, I mean our products currently are not targeted. I'm not sure, I don't want to draw a conclusion but I think that we have the opportunity to make our product maybe perhaps consider launching new SKUs or variety packs that would be designed and targeted more towards kids category, for example. So that's why I suggested that we should probably review our current key SKUs and consider launching new ones to feel in the grabbing demand. And also this is something that you have already taken steps on. We should scale our sponsored ads to keep up with the computers because I do think that some of the major computers out there are investing on ads quite aggressively, whether it's directly on ads or promotion. And second thing that I have suggested is because of the delta share that we saw from the protein related snack, I mean protein related keywords. And I think we are also doing this with the new packaging that will be positioned more as a protein snack. So if that happens, we'll later on discuss how protein related keywords are performing right now. And the summary is it's not as impressive. So maybe in the future we'll have a better opportunity to leverage these keywords. And this is again something similar to this suggestion that I made here. Any questions so far? No, I think so. What kind of things would you do that would position it more as a protein snack than it is now? Well, I think the way the newer designs are, packaging designs are done, it highlights the protein and the fiber content. Okay, you're just saying the new design highlights it better. I see. Yes, exactly. Which is what we were trying to do. So I see what you're saying. So yeah, we've already kind of taken a step forward there. You're saying. Okay, okay. Now maybe another question there. Show home too because. And that's something on sales. Cuz are we making an assumption there is some cannibalization towards the current 30x15 gram with the new variety pack? I think so. Yes, it is definitely happening. But overall there is a growth. If you add both up. Yeah, overall growth has to be there for sure. So you're still driving trial and new audiences in which is really important because yeah, I get how may maybe if you position them or a new one a little bit differently, maybe it broadens that audience even more. Okay. And I will, I'll show you how exactly. We don't have to assume that is happening. I have analysis Ready on the other tab where I can show you all this data at the product level, how new customers and the returning customers are changing month over month. And we can do this not only on the account level, but also for each product. So we'll, we'll talk about that. Okay, that's in here. That's a great. No, that's not in here. That's a different one. Okay, that's another. That tool that I showed you before. It's another tool that you have built recently for ltv. Okay. All right. Okay. So let's move on to the next things. Now what I am going to do next is I'm going to. And this is why we made this. Based on these keywords that I just showed you, I'm trying to identify the brands that show up that are the top performers. So in this case, what I have done is I have taken those keywords and looked at Amazon's first party data from brand analytics and tried to identify the top 10 products that get the most number of impressions. And based on that, I have made a list of brands that I would like to call our competitors. At least they're competing for the same keywords. Yeah, and there are some assumptions. In some cases I've ignored some brands that overall seem to be very small. So I ignored those. And in some cases I have ignored some brands like Elan that have some healthy snacks. But the share, their revenue share of those products compared to the overall brand is too irrelevant. So in that case, I have ignored brands like that. And These are the 20 brands that I've considered and I have also categorized them in salty nutrition or gummy snacks and others. Now this is where I mean, I'm going to define a closed group based on these 20 brands. And we may, we may. That is why we may disagree because you made a question, why have we included this brand? But why not the. Is. I understand that, but I'm open to that discussion too. But let me walk you through what I've done so far. So I have looked at their two years of performance, the revenue data for our brand and also the competitors, and tried to sum the revenues, some of the revenues that try to measure our market share, how it has fluctuated year, month over month. Now if we look at just three farmers, this is what it looks like in 2023 or even, I mean, the chart says it all. So you will see it was about 8% towards the beginning, towards the end, I would say middle of 2023. And then since then, our revenue, we are kind of satisfied. I would say we would say our revenue is consistent. But then our market share compared to all other brands that we considered has dropped. So I mean we have data till only June here. There are some data delays from the software and collecting this data. So don't really. And so, and just for clarity, show home. So when you're talking market share, it's the market share in salty snacks of that closed group of brands that closed slide nine. Okay. I'm comparing all of these and that is where we main. Okay. So this market share percentage of 3 farmers is all of salty snacks on Amazon CA. Okay. Okay. All of these actually nutritional parts, others, everything included. Because I selected these keywords in a way that these are the top 10. I have reviewed the top 10 brands. Yes. That get the highest number of impression for the keywords that I showed you. And this is how I came into conclusion. These are the brands I should consider. Okay. So when the market share percentage is of this closed group, these brands. So the full share, all of these brands including us equals 100%. And you're saying we have 3%. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. And then this is how all other computers that are out there are compares to our numbers. So if you look at Jimmy, for example, I mean these three are. These are the top performers. And also these are impressive. You will see Jimmy, they launched in January 2024 and since then their growth is phenomenal. Nature's. Nature's garden. This is nature's garden. These are. They are kind of consistent. At least they have maintained their share. You can say, I mean, somewhere towards the end of the end of 2024 they agree up to 21% but they have since then dropped a little bit. Well, just is. What is Jimmy? What is. This is Jimmy the Adamame snacks. Yes. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Go beans. Jimmy, Jimmy, Shivani. Okay. Yes. Yeah. Okay, go beans. Gotcha. Okay. Yeah. And I have also considered these two brands, Urbani first of all and Quest. Just not the overall Quest brand, just the protein chips. So and in Canada now protein chips is their top performing segment category compared to the their legacy products. They're big in Costco right now to Quest protein chips. Yeah, yeah. Like crazy. Yeah. Okay. So this is how the information data looks like. Now what I'm doing is I'm comparing the month over month size volume changes that I showed you at the beginning versus how we have grown since February. And this only contains data till May. I can definitely go ahead and add June and July. And if we compare the summary. Is this the summary Is we have, I mean, I'm looking at the data since February, the sars, here's the SARS volume. So the growth, except for February, you will see it's either a little bit better than the search volume growth or I mean, when the search volume has declined, we haven't dropped as much. For example, in April. Oh, I see. So you're saying our, our growth of up and down is moving, shifting with the category, like shifting with the market. It's not exclusive to three farmers, it's the category. Well, so you're saying we were down 5. When we were up 24, the category was up 21. When we were down 5, the category was down 11. Right, right, exactly. So we are doing slightly better than the surge volume or demand growth. But at the same time we have to assume, I mean, have to understand that the pie size for the overall search volume is very huge. So 21% growth there, the growth in demand, the delta, the actual number is much higher than what we have done in our revenue. Right. All right, so the conclusion is these, that the Go Beans brands like Go Beans, Nature's. I'm sorry, Nature's Garden wilches. And all of these brands, some of these brands have, their performance is more impressive than what we did until, let's say at that time. I had data until only until April. So I'll have to review the data now and then update these. But we have been growing too. But not, this is not as impressive as the other brands, the best performing brands that are out there, for example, Go Beans, Nature's Garden, Wilt's, and all of these brands that I mentioned here. So you know what items prana. Like, what are the items, the very specific items that prana because they do lots of trail mix too, or is it their bean snacks? Okay. For this example, I have assumed all of their products. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Now again, this is, this recommendation itself is like we have to investigate and identify. I'm sorry, I don't have any specific suggestions here. That's something I want to work towards and then talk about that in the next week, I mean, next meeting. But what I tried to. Okay, so I think that. No, no, I definitely get what you're doing here. You're building out into saying if these are your competitors and these are the different rates of growth and this is what the category is doing. I think one piece of information is are you actually able to understand what these brands are spending? Because obviously a key lever is who's spending what. Because we're saying that's it and go, go squeeze our losers. My assumption is they're not spending on Amazon because they have such a huge presence in club and retail. The majority of their marketing dollars are going there. So the one key insight here I would say is missing is in terms of what their marketing mix is and spend and their strategies of how they're balancing D2 cuz go beans is a D2C. It's an Amazon brand. They don't sell in retail, they're nowhere in grocery. So it would make a lot of sense that there are $300,000 a month. Otherwise they have. They're not making any revenue that they sell on Amazon. Right. So I think that's maybe the insight that's missing a little bit. But I definitely get the storyline of where you're going, of how you. That there is opportunity to accelerate the D2C like the Amazon, the E Commerce revenues, basically. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right. Okay, so you know what, I'll skip this recommendation part, but rather I'll just look at the slides that we discussed before. So I don't think that we need to discuss about these keywords right now. Again, what. I'm sorry. So show home just to kind of even. And you might have this here too, diving deeper into those growth or even at the Jimmy's Edamame, for instance, because you can't see exactly what they're spending. But are you able to see like what promotions and what type of advertising strategies they're deploying? Because for instance, they come up like when you Google three farmers, they come up on our pages. Right. Saying you, you will also like this. Right? Yeah. Okay. So you are able to see that information in terms of some of their strategies. Okay. Yeah. And then you, you know what those strategies cost in terms of like how you can make some pretty strong assumptions in terms of. Yeah, okay. Like those are different ad types that they're. I understand what you're talking about. Different ad types that they're utilizing. Okay, so I, instead of walking through the same data, I will show you something new and that would be the keyword level performance. So I'll first show you the advertising data and also I'll then show you Amazon's first party data. So let's start with the advertising data. If you look at some of the keywords. Okay, I'm sorry, what? No, I mean, I know I'm just laughing. Like people literally put in healthy snacks for adults. That's just funny. Okay. I have done that. Like I literally. Especially for toddlers. I'M like what the hell is there besides like, because I'm not like I won't buy goldfish. I'm not buying gummy snacks. Like and what's the time frame over this? This report is how much? This is just one month. One month. It's just last Thursday. Yes. Oh, just August. Okay. Yeah. So if you notice this is quite impressive actually. Healthy snack for adults and then healthy snacks, roasted chickpeas and even many major keywords. We are winning. We are at the. This is the. Okay, let me walk you through the columns first. So this is a search term impression share rank and this is the percentage of overall impressions that are available on Amazon that we are winning as a brand. So so in the last 30 days we won 34.4 percentage of overall impression share that is these many number of impressions for healthy snacks for adults and we stand at the first rank. We are winning the most out of advertising food and for healthy snack as well. We are in the second position. We won about 12.69 percentage and similarly we can keep going through. You will see overall for many and there are opportunity cures like this. But where we are at the fifth position and we are winning just 8%. Probably we can win more. But also at the same time you'll see there are many keywords that we are performing really well for and they're major keywords, not low search volume keywords. And if we look at Amazon's first party data now for the same set of keywords and for example, roasted chickpeas is not that high search volume healthy snack for adults. This is in this data. We are not just looking at advertising data, rather we are looking at Amazon search data. So what will be included in this is let's say someone searches for healthy snacks and all of the search results that are going to show up, it's just going to count the impressions and clicks for that data. So let's say someone clicks on one product and then clicks on from all of the ads or suggestions that will show up on that product detail page or similar to this item. People also view all of those options. If someone clicks on another product from that product page, it will not be included in this data set. Or let's say someone is running sponsored brand banner ad, it will not be that that shows up on the on top of the search result. It will not show up or counted in this data. So if you try to match this data with what you see on the business report will never match. That's something I wanted to clarify. Okay, so for example Healthy snack for adults you will see for. This is a new one, Let me confirm. Yeah, this is the new one and this is winning the most impression number of impressions again it's in July. The data covers just July and the Click share is 7.05%. No other product even come closer to this. This is very impressive not just because of the click share but also because the click through rate. Because out of the impressions 12,000 something impressions we got 415. The click through rate that will mean is somewhere around 3 point something percentage. Compared to that no other product is even closer to that rate. So this is impressive and we can keep going through different keywords and see that for example, even for Healthy Snack our two products are at the top. One second, I can keep going through some other keywords or we are not the top but doing fairly. Okay. For example gluten free snack, not so impressive. We're not in the top 10. Not even close. Actually our click through it is somewhere close to 1% 1 point something percentage. Whereas you will see that other products, their click through it is much better. But also their median price is nowhere close to ours. And this is. Can you try one of the protein keyword search? Protein snacks or protein something. There it is. So protein snacks we are for example, our click through it is close to 2% and here you will see it's 2 point something percentage. And we shouldn't do these calculations manually. But just to give you an example, some of these are very impressive. For example this one is probably three percentage and that is where when the click through it is low that's an indication of how relevant people find our product relative to the keyword that they're searching for. And that could be because of how relevant our product is. Maybe the price point is not interesting to them. All different sorts of reason. The conclusion or summary is they don't find our product that interesting to click on. If the click through it is compared to all other products where the clicks rate is higher. So this is where we stand for protein snacks related keyword and that's why I told you that we are not performing that well for protein related keywords even for advertising. Even here. For now. Yeah. So this is, this is one kind of data that I want to show you and the last piece of information that I want to walk you through is a lifetime value. Yes. Okay. And so when you say lifetime, that's person buys how often they repeat or when they stop buying. Right. And we're looking at here, we're looking at 18 months of data. So that will start that ends in July this year. And yeah, we can calculate how long back it considers 18 months back. So anyway, we are first of all going to look at the user, the unique users that we have every month. Yeah. So we are starting from March 2024 here in this diagram and we have defined new to brand customers as someone who hasn't purchased from us in at least 12 months. So then blue are. It's not really blue. Whatever color that is, that one is the new to brand customers. And the color, the reddish color, that one is the number of returning customers. Now it's quite normal to not see many returning customers towards the beginning of the data sets because we're comparing this with new users. So is this, is this specifically the snacks to go 18 times 28 grams? Oh no, we haven't had this on 18 months. Sorry. Is this all products or is this specific to a product? Okay, can you actually get this data per sku? Okay, because that one, that might be one thing. Just as we move through it in terms of what are all the impacts of why there was maybe not repeat. Right. Like because we just rationalized a bunch of SKUs. We had fulfillment issues at different times, like just things like that. So yeah, yeah, okay, yeah, sure, we can do that. But definitely show home like something to measure that especially that new variety package because we know exactly when it started. And then as we see new trial and repeat users on that new variety pack, something to monitor really close. Yeah, I would also like to do that. And yeah, well we don't have sufficient data right now because just a few months. I'll walk you through that numbers. But okay, let's look at this. The summary is basically we are acquiring new customers, more and more new customers. This is January's data. You see there's a drop, drop in February and then March, April, May, June, July. And this is until yesterday, 18th of August. So you'll see there the new number of customers that we are acquiring every month is. And these are new, didn't purchase from us in the last 12 months at least. Yeah. So the new customers, customer base is increasing at the same time we have. These are the repeat customers. So if you calculate the percentage of new customers, it stands at about. If this is the new customer then 18%. That's the repeat customer on average. Right, right. So this is the, this is just that. And sorry, do you have like a. What is a healthy repeat customer percentage? Like that's like that month specifically is 23%. Well, that can be 20% is in general very impressive, I will say. But that alone is not sufficient amount of. That doesn't give you sufficient insight because we are not considering the lifetime value. Which is where I'm a little bit concerned actually. So let me show you how it looks like on the account level it will take some time to load. Oh no, sorry, give me one second. And because this is always my thing, my interest of lifetime when you straddle retail and E commerce too. Right. Where like because to date our strategy has always been drive trial on E commerce. But the ideal shopper goes to store and our velocities increase at store and grocery. So that's definitely something I. We have to see the data too. So. But I do know what. Once you're kind of a loyal Amazon shopper, it's much easier to just keep clicking on an item. But that definitely has been our take on E commerce. Like you drive trial but because literally 85, 8, 90% of our business is grocery retail, that's ideally where the consumer ends up. And as long as we see our velocities increasing at retail, our assumption is that new consumers and repeat are happening there. That could be the case because the pricing is way better there, isn't it? Yeah. Yes. Except for obviously because it's not a world. But now my biggest fear honestly is now that we're both like we're wrapping up west Canada and now we're going into eastern Canada. Costco like that 30 bag is 13.99 show home. Hey. At Costco. Right? Yeah. And also you know what? Amazon may pick that up and we may lose buy box. There's a risk of that and high risk of that. Well, which is only part thing too because again made goods Amazon items are all over quest chips are on Amazon. Like I guess though the thing is it's a quite different format. So that is something that's important. Yeah. And because does Amazon actually look at Costco retail or Costco Cat, their website. Primarily the website. Yeah. And Costco ca. We actually sell in a two pack. I saw that. Yeah. But that they may also pick that. That has happened before. I have seen that. Okay. So yeah, just something to. I can bring that. And I think we need to address that as soon as possible because we may lose the buy box any day. Any day. Yeah. Do anything about it. Yeah. Okay. All right. So lifetime value, if we look at it, you will see this is the first month and it's a lot of number. I understand. But if we look at this row, we Are just looking at the cohort that started in September 2024. And if we follow the same cohort for the next 12 months, this is what we get. The first time average order value was 30.59. And this is the repeat purchase order value. If we keep adding them at the end of the year, I mean after this is of course August is not complete month, but still it comes to 38$. Now this is not impressive at all. I'll say this is just 1.25x of the first time purchase. Yeah. Okay. No, no, but this is good. So this is all of our products again, right. Not a specific SKU. Okay. So you're saying they come in and spend $30. So you could even say that's one snack bag. And you're saying throughout their. Throughout how long is this? Over 12 months. 12 months. So throughout a year they purchase 1.25 times. So our previous poll of numerator data, household Data has shown 1.8 times at grocery. Okay, so this is not far off. Depending on what the item is to obviously Camelina oil. I wouldn't expect them to. If Camelina was one of our. We don't. We should break out snacks to oil because that could skew this significantly. Right, Because a bottle of oil can last somebody like five months. Yeah, yeah. Now we can look at them at product level 2 number is not shockingly different from what we see from what we see at grocery right now. But that is the number we're working on repeats, right? Yeah. Well, this is more or less what I wanted to show you, except for the fact that we can also look at the same numbers at the product. And so do. Because your retention rate like so. Just go over these with me for a second there. So active customers. What's an active customer? Why is it. Well, so it's the same cohort size. So in this month alone we had this many number of new to brand customers. Okay, I see so and then quantities orders. Okay. Revenues. We had that many of what customers. Sorry, New to brand. New to brand. Who didn't purchase from us in the last 12 months. Okay. How come the revenue. I don't understand the revenues here month over month are so low. Like are you sure this is not just one sku? This one? Yeah. These. Are you talking about these numbers? Yeah, well, these are just looking at these in people. I mean, I'm not considering what happened exactly in this month. I'm looking at the. How these, these customers behaved down the line. Okay. Okay. So 805 came in in September. And then this is what those exact customers. I see. I see. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Why did they come in in September? What was some. It doesn't really matter. I'm like, what happened in September? Back to school, I guess you could say how. Whatever. Right. Mm. And then the lifetime value is where Your lifetime value, that's just the rate of it. Okay. A ratio. The ratio. It's where you are at the ratio line for a second. Yeah. And again, because, like, what do you. Do we have something we're measuring against. Like, again, we don't really know what. My assumption is Go beans forever, for instance, is really high because number one, you can't buy it anywhere else. Well, that would be the number one, you can't buy it anywhere else. So they probably have it really high. Trying to think of another. Like, we don't really see made so. And because this is the thing. So made good, for instance. And this is why it's. It's a good example. So made good on Amazon sells the exact item that they sell at Costco on Amazon, the price is $20 on Amazon and on Costco CA, it's 17, and on the Costco floor it's $15. So it would be granola bites. Yeah. Yeah. Well, if you ask me why, I'll just say Amazon hasn't detected it yet. That's all I'll say. They will probably. They may at some point just not surprise. They may just steal the Bible. Right. And when you say steal the buy box, that's like what's happening on our. Our other ones right now where they steal the buy box even though there's not another seller, they just pull it out. Well, because I think there may be at least for one skew. I. I mean, I found. And also I think mentioned that in the email. Which one? That was that on London Drugs they are priced. Each unit is priced at that price price point. And when I'm thinking is Amazon is just multiplying those unit prices by 3, because if you notice, the prices end always at 9. Right. At London Drugs. And then if you multiply that by 3, the price ends with 7. And is that London drugs in the store or londondrugs ca. I could find it online. Yeah, it is online right now. Like there's a sale too, right now. Apparently they didn't even consider the sale price, but the original listing price for one of the SKUs. I couldn't find the listings for other two, but at least. Yeah. Do we have the flexibility of adjusting the prices there online on London Drugs probably not online because that's all done at retail. And then they convert to online. Like we don't. It's usually the same. I'm just checking something here because how. What is our show home? There's no way to like manually ask that question. Right. Like, well and it's. That's a weird thing because we see it on London Drugs. It's 449. There's a ton of retailers that sell these bags for five bucks a bag. Like it's not just London Drugs. Like that's the SRP at grocery retail is 499. Like Sobeys sells it for 499 or 549. So that's, that's what's weird to me. Like it's a very. It's like Walmart for instance sells a made good bag for like $4. Like it's like I don't know how Amazon expects to balance with grocery retail. Like. Right. Especially at Costco. Like Costco takes truckloads Amazon and they have no fulfillment fees. It's like you. So I can see how people have to actually you have to iterate a product where you're completely listing a product that's completely different. Different formats exclusive to Amazon. Yeah, yeah, yes. Yeah, yeah. Which is the same strategy with Club. You have to make the club item different than your regular grocery because Club expects a minimum 40 savings price curve over rest of market including Walmart. So you have your pricing strategy. Including Walmart is crazy. Walmart. Yeah, yeah. I think it's frustrating because like yeah, there's three of our SKUs on loan drugs or another 349. But it's like that's also not like our. Right. Like I can't control other retailers sales consistently. Right. And then that sale won't be there for two weeks. So. Right. So then my. That's my second question is do I have to keep this page open and just keep refreshing and hoping it goes back to normal price? Right. And then we'll end like how long does it take Amazon bots to like correct that? You know? Well, so crazy. I know they have detected price. Yeah, no, I understand that. Yeah. No, the only way we could fix it is by price matching or you know, changing the price somewhere else where it's lower than Amazon's pricing. Yeah, unfortunately that's the only way out. And by the way Costco London Rug is probably not. They don't care. I mean London Drug probably is not Amazon's priority but if it is on Costco that's definitely Amazon's priority. Yeah, for sure. Costco, Walmart, Amazon. Because those are the big again in Canada especially there's only like five or six big volume grocery drivers. Right. Like. But yeah, it's just so weird because when I look at some of these other brands, it's the exact item they sell in retail at a higher cost on Amazon and they have the buy box like that's, it's like why are like. And these are big brands. Like my God. And maybe Amazon picks on them less. Right? I. I mean I don't, I'm able to. I don't have an answer for that. Yeah. All I can say is we are also active for now. But if you want to, you know, play it safe in the long run, probably we should also think how we can can differentiate on Amazon. Yeah. Just trying to look at this. Gogo Squeeze 2 product like 24 per pack, $15 and yeah, like even Gogo Squeeze, which is a different squeeze. You were, I think you had Gogo Squeeze on our competitors too. Like $10 for 12 of them on Amazon and you can get 24 of them for $15 on Costco Cash. Is it a different kind of. It's just a different size. Yeah, that is good enough. That is good. Yeah. Okay. Okay, well. And that's so Costco ca, we're probably fine because we sell it in two packs. Amazon we sell singles. Costco ca, we sell doubles. So that's the same as them, right? Yes. Tell me something. So on Costco ca, is the UPC still the same as Amazon's? Yes, yes. The unit UPC would. But the case upc, the cell is two of them together. So. But yeah, no, the unit UPC is the same. Yes, correct. Yeah, I see what you're saying. I see what you're saying because that's how they're getting the, the data is through the upc. That's how they're price auditing. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah, that's definitely a point of discussion for innovation and Amazon. Okay, I'm just gonna make that note. Okay, this was really good. So show home. Can you send that to me? And so the reason this is really good timing as well too is we have. We're redoing our website because and our product pages and everything on website. So all of these key terms and what's winning and where this even lifetime value. It's very good timing right now to bring some of that information to some of our meetings that we're having and scorecards that we're Building. So, yeah, are you able to share that over. Is that a PowerPoint or that's just a PDF? Which one? That one. The LDV. Well, if you can. I took snapshots of the three data boards that you showed which were the lifetime value, the keyword, like the granular key, keyword impressions and stuff like that. But yeah, just what you went over with us is great of the category insights and where we are in terms of market share and who we are looking at as our competitors. Sure, yeah, yeah. I can share you the. Share the decks and also the Excel where I showed you the granular keyword analysis. And also for this ltv, what I'll do is I'll download all of those reports and also. Yeah, share those with you. Okay, perfect. And then I guess building is. I'm sorry, I'm just going to mention one more thing. So on that, I mean, it's too difficult to look at everything manually and it's skew. Right. So what I'm also trying to build is AI will do the job of analyzing those data with like that will specify, will restrict the AI too, and then generate a PDF request. So, but anyway, that's not. That part is not complete yet. I'll just share the reports with you. Perfect. All right, well, thanks everyone. I guess I will chat with you soon or see you on next call. You know what, one more question. So are you attending chfa? Yeah. You are? Yeah. So I have a request for it. So can I get a pass to attend CHFU with you? Yeah, let me ask. Because you know what, we go with our. We go with Propel, like our broker, our sales broker. So I have to see if we have any badges left, but if not, I can get the cost of what an extra badge is. Show home. Sure, yeah. So I'll just ask Colleen here what that looks like. Yeah. Awesome. Thank you so much. Yeah, let me check. And, and you might have to remind me too if you don't hear back from me, but Colleen's usually pretty good at letting me. Danny's off right now, so. But she'd probably put in the request. But yeah, just remind me if you don't hear back from me. Yeah, sure. Awesome. Thanks, Johan. Yeah. And. Oh yeah, I'll see if I can get one first and then I'll let you know and then you can give her all the details. I'll put you on an email. Okay, sounds good. Okay, thank you. Yeah, thank you so much. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: We will do that. And before we start working on it, I sent a video on the storefront design. So is there any question regarding that?

Speaker B: Not yet, no. We haven't dug, like, deep into it. We rationalized all those pages and then that's still where it's on the to do list about start. So I feel like I won't have questions until I'm like, in it. Do you know what I mean?

Speaker C: Yeah. So once we start building that. But that is a good question, Brittany, because we'll have to keep that project moving. Like, it will kind of happen alongside some of those. The content that you guys are getting for just even launching or the photography in with Bob and stuff. Because I have a feeling, like new packaging. Because we're putting in an order. We're putting an order for the snacks to go 30 times 15 gram. However, we're stocked right now pretty much for the next three months on that item too. So just.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker C: Just making sure we keep it on track and keep moving so that the majority of it is ready so that if we do have to make the swap, like. Yeah, we make it. Yeah.

Speaker B: Because we're probably like, most likely. We had said the swap. Swap doesn't really happen until like January. Is that a good.

Speaker C: No, I would plan for like November because right now. So in the inventory.

Speaker B: Sorry, on Amazon, like, what have we shipped in?

Speaker C: No, yeah, like November. Okay, good. Yeah. Because. And again, it's all on. We'll find out more on the new item meetings of where they're tracking and putting orders. But right now, our forecast, like, the inventory report just went over. Like, we keep enough stock in Amazon right now for like two to three months. So we know we have two to three months, but one day Anima is going to come on the call and say it's the new look shipping. So then we know what we're tracking to.

Speaker B: So, yeah, I promise I wasn't planning for January, but that was just the last month we had thrown out.

Speaker C: Okay. Yeah. And then I'd probably. Again, the product pages are the priority. Like if you're going to start somewhere to just start building so that we have at least something started with the 2D images, the front and back. And then you have to add on the other graphics and stuff. But I would start with product pages, then A plus content, then storefront.

Speaker B: Going to also ask Lindsay when she feels a little bit of reprieve. Like, I know you have that task list for her.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: So I just, I want to slot that in a time that makes sense for her too.

Speaker C: Yeah. And again, I would make sure it breaks down week by week. Like focus this one, get this one done and then the next and the next. So that's kind of what I. Yeah, I hope.

Speaker B: What I'm hoping is that sort of like the snacks to GoS are so similar.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker B: You know, besides serving that, we can just.

Speaker C: It's like one and one and then

Speaker B: we can spread them out.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: See, in this process, where do you need my input?

Speaker B: I feel like I'll link things to you. Right. Like we'll kind of do the design part and then come to you. And obviously, like, we've established that it's not affecting keywords. It's not obviously like SEO loaded or anything. So therefore it should be hopefully not till the end when we're actually building the pages. That's my hope that we won't have to bug you.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. You've given us like case studies to kind of follow who's doing what well and what kinds of things. The copy is already set up for the new variety pack. Like both variety packs are done. So it's just plugging in new imagery. Right. And then honestly, the third thing, show home is just making sure, which we talked about last time, is as long as we have an image that communicates that you may receive this or that, unless there's more information you have to bring just to make sure there's no fulfillment issues with the trans transition. That's kind of what we're going to do. We'll make sure there's one image up to show this versus that new mate and some sort of just communication saying that.

Speaker A: Right. Okay. Yeah, got it. All right, so I have a lot of information to show you thinking how should I get started? Okay. So I think I should start. Okay. I have a diff. I have a few different things to show you. So first thing is like kind of and an overview of our historical performance, including, let's say how the demand fluctuated and how some of our competitors that are relevant for, I mean that are best performers for keywords that are relevant for our brand performed versus us. Along with that current advertising data, that's another thing. And I have also prepared some data on lifetime value. So all of these different things. So I probably will. And also before I show this, start discussing about this, I would like to talk about the data and the current situation first. It's not necessarily. We are not necessarily going to discuss the action steps in this meeting. Probably just walk you through the. All the data set and get your Opinion on what do you think about that and how the analysis has been done, getting your opinion on that, if you agree with that method. And in the next meeting in two weeks, we can, I can prepare a plan of action and then have a discussion about that in the next meeting. That's what I'm thinking. Okay. Okay. All right, so let's get started. This is where I have. I'm first going to talk about the some of the relevant keywords that are relevant in the snack category and particularly for our brand, how the demand has fluctuated since 2022. And then we are also going to see how three farmers and the competitors have performed against the category growth. And this is something we had some discussion about before. And we are also going to take a look at some of the keywords, how they performed since February. All right, so let's get started with the search volume trend since 2022. This is before I talk about this chart here, let me show you the keywords that have considered. These are the setup keywords that I have considered. I mean, I mean I have measured the search volume and how they have fluctuated since 2022. And the reason is all of these are relevant for our kind of product. Yes, you may say how is it a member relevant for our product? But they are in the healthy snack or protein snack. They're relevant to that category. Inside thought that I could also consider keywords like 8mm snack on top of that kids snack. So all the snack related keywords, that's what I've considered and I have gathered their month over month search volume, added them up and this is how it looks like. If I plot that Data starting from 2025, May 2025 to it has the data until May 2020. Sorry, May 2022 to May 2025.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: And this is something I showed Brittany before and I think that she may have shared this with you before too. So if you see one trend here, one major trend is that around just before September there's a spike in the search volume in the snack category. And I believe this is because back to school, which is why we wanted to do this promo. And then you will see a downward trend towards the end of the year. And then again it jumps back towards the beginning of January. It stays there for a while, but you will see a downward trend. Not too sharp, but a downward trend towards the end of the year. In this year, for example, we didn't see any jump in September for some reason. This is what the data says. And then again in January. Yeah, There's a jump and then downward trend. September jumps back and then again down our trend towards, towards the end of the year, then again jumps back in January. And we are in that if this pattern is still valid then we'll, I mean I'm guessing that this is what we'll also get to see from here. It will, there will be a downward trend till the end of the year in demand. Now this is how it compares the category growth. If you notice even here the search volume has kept on growing. It has not only fluctuated, there has been a pattern, but at the same time the total search volume of all these keywords have grown year over year. And if we compare the June 2024 search volume of all of these keywords versus June 2025, this is where we stand. So June 2024 we had somewhere around 22, 220,000 in searches total. And whereas this year in June we had slightly over, I mean 475,000 around that, the total search volume was around that. Now because the, there has been this growth, we also want to see how if we could take advantage of this growth and could grow in the similar proportion. And also you want to see how computers performed. I mean computers kept up with this growth in demand and a little bit more information on these keywords. So if we look at the keywords and put them into some buckets. So for example all the protein keywords into one bucket and then healthy snacks related keywords in another one, we see that just one.

Speaker C: Is this CA or cn.com?

Speaker A: yeah, I'm just looking at CS.

Speaker C: Yeah, no, I just wanted to make sure. Yeah, okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, so most of the delta share, I mean most of the growth you will see almost 25, 3% of the demand growth out of all these keywords came from protein related keywords and also 13 came from healthy. 20% came from snacks. So overall the snack category on Amazon Canada also have grown. This is just in a year. Okay, well so these are a few things that we just discussed and these are the implications we already discussed. This is more like a summary of what we just discussed and some of the recommendations. And this is something we have done already. But I think this should not be just a one time process. Probably we should review this occasionally. The search, the keywords and the aco. And also we are getting new data because we are advertising. Right. So we should be taking some of the insights and also reviewing our current product page and yeah, that's basically it. We should review the current product page content and this One, the second one that I have discussed is primarily because of kids snacks. And also there are specific keywords, for example adults and then kids. I think we are not, I mean our products currently are not targeted. I'm not sure, I don't want to draw a conclusion but I think that we have the opportunity to make our product maybe perhaps consider launching new SKUs or variety packs that would be designed and targeted more towards kids category, for example. So that's why I suggested that we should probably review our current key SKUs and consider launching new ones to feel in the grabbing demand. And also this is something that you have already taken steps on. We should scale our sponsored ads to keep up with the computers because I do think that some of the major computers out there are investing on ads quite aggressively, whether it's directly on ads or promotion. And second thing that I have suggested is because of the delta share that we saw from the protein related snack, I mean protein related keywords. And I think we are also doing this with the new packaging that will be positioned more as a protein snack. So if that happens, we'll later on discuss how protein related keywords are performing right now. And the summary is it's not as impressive. So maybe in the future we'll have a better opportunity to leverage these keywords. And this is again something similar to this suggestion that I made here. Any questions so far?

Speaker C: No, I think so. What kind of things would you do that would position it more as a protein snack than it is now?

Speaker A: Well, I think the way the newer designs are, packaging designs are done, it highlights the protein and the fiber content.

Speaker C: Okay, you're just saying the new design highlights it better. I see. Yes, exactly. Which is what we were trying to do. So I see what you're saying. So yeah, we've already kind of taken a step forward there. You're saying.

Speaker A: Okay, okay.

Speaker C: Now maybe another question there. Show home too because. And that's something on sales. Cuz are we making an assumption there is some cannibalization towards the current 30x15 gram with the new variety pack?

Speaker A: I think so. Yes, it is definitely happening. But overall there is a growth. If you add both up.

Speaker C: Yeah, overall growth has to be there for sure. So you're still driving trial and new audiences in which is really important because yeah, I get how may maybe if you position them or a new one a little bit differently, maybe it broadens that audience even more. Okay.

Speaker A: And I will, I'll show you how exactly. We don't have to assume that is happening. I have analysis Ready on the other tab where I can show you all this data at the product level, how new customers and the returning customers are changing month over month. And we can do this not only on the account level, but also for each product. So we'll, we'll talk about that.

Speaker C: Okay, that's in here. That's a great.

Speaker A: No, that's not in here. That's a different one. Okay, that's another. That tool that I showed you before. It's another tool that you have built recently for ltv.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: All right. Okay. So let's move on to the next things. Now what I am going to do next is I'm going to. And this is why we made this. Based on these keywords that I just showed you, I'm trying to identify the brands that show up that are the top performers. So in this case, what I have done is I have taken those keywords and looked at Amazon's first party data from brand analytics and tried to identify the top 10 products that get the most number of impressions. And based on that, I have made a list of brands that I would like to call our competitors. At least they're competing for the same keywords.

Speaker C: Yeah,

Speaker A: and there are some assumptions. In some cases I've ignored some brands that overall seem to be very small. So I ignored those. And in some cases I have ignored some brands like Elan that have some healthy snacks. But the share, their revenue share of those products compared to the overall brand is too irrelevant. So in that case, I have ignored brands like that. And These are the 20 brands that I've considered and I have also categorized them in salty nutrition or gummy snacks and others. Now this is where I mean, I'm going to define a closed group based on these 20 brands. And we may, we may. That is why we may disagree because you made a question, why have we included this brand? But why not the. Is. I understand that, but I'm open to that discussion too. But let me walk you through what I've done so far. So I have looked at their two years of performance, the revenue data for our brand and also the competitors, and tried to sum the revenues, some of the revenues that try to measure our market share, how it has fluctuated year, month over month. Now if we look at just three farmers, this is what it looks like in 2023 or even, I mean, the chart says it all. So you will see it was about 8% towards the beginning, towards the end, I would say middle of 2023. And then since then, our revenue, we are kind of satisfied. I would say we would say our revenue is consistent. But then our market share compared to all other brands that we considered has dropped. So I mean we have data till only June here. There are some data delays from the software and collecting this data. So don't really.

Speaker C: And so, and just for clarity, show home. So when you're talking market share, it's the market share in salty snacks of that closed group of brands that closed slide nine. Okay.

Speaker A: I'm comparing all of these and that is where we main.

Speaker C: Okay. So this market share percentage of 3 farmers is all of salty snacks on Amazon CA. Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: All of these actually nutritional parts, others, everything included. Because I selected these keywords in a way that these are the top 10. I have reviewed the top 10 brands. Yes. That get the highest number of impression for the keywords that I showed you. And this is how I came into conclusion. These are the brands I should consider.

Speaker C: Okay. So when the market share percentage is of this closed group, these brands. So the full share, all of these brands including us equals 100%. And you're saying we have 3%. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay, okay, okay. And then this is how all other computers that are out there are compares to our numbers. So if you look at Jimmy, for example, I mean these three are. These are the top performers. And also these are impressive. You will see Jimmy, they launched in January 2024 and since then their growth is phenomenal. Nature's. Nature's garden. This is nature's garden. These are. They are kind of consistent. At least they have maintained their share. You can say, I mean, somewhere towards the end of the end of 2024 they agree up to 21% but they have since then dropped a little bit. Well, just is.

Speaker C: What is Jimmy? What is.

Speaker B: This is Jimmy the Adamame snacks.

Speaker A: Yes. Yes.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Go beans. Jimmy, Jimmy, Shivani.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay, go beans. Gotcha. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. And I have also considered these two brands, Urbani first of all and Quest. Just not the overall Quest brand, just the protein chips. So and in Canada now protein chips is their top performing segment category compared to the their legacy products.

Speaker C: They're big in Costco right now to Quest protein chips. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Like crazy.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. So this is how the information data looks like. Now what I'm doing is I'm comparing the month over month size volume changes that I showed you at the beginning versus how we have grown since February. And this only contains data till May. I can definitely go ahead and add June and July. And if we compare the summary. Is this the summary Is we have, I mean, I'm looking at the data since February, the sars, here's the SARS volume. So the growth, except for February, you will see it's either a little bit better than the search volume growth or I mean, when the search volume has declined, we haven't dropped as much. For example, in April.

Speaker C: Oh, I see. So you're saying our, our growth of up and down is moving, shifting with the category, like shifting with the market. It's not exclusive to three farmers, it's the category.

Speaker A: Well,

Speaker C: so you're saying we were down 5. When we were up 24, the category was up 21. When we were down 5, the category was down 11.

Speaker A: Right, right, exactly. So we are doing slightly better than the surge volume or demand growth. But at the same time we have to assume, I mean, have to understand that the pie size for the overall search volume is very huge. So 21% growth there, the growth in demand, the delta, the actual number is much higher than what we have done in our revenue.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: All right, so the conclusion is these, that the Go Beans brands like Go Beans, Nature's. I'm sorry, Nature's Garden wilches. And all of these brands, some of these brands have, their performance is more impressive than what we did until, let's say at that time. I had data until only until April. So I'll have to review the data now and then update these. But we have been growing too. But not, this is not as impressive as the other brands, the best performing brands that are out there, for example, Go Beans, Nature's Garden, Wilt's, and all of these brands that I mentioned here. So you know what items prana.

Speaker C: Like, what are the items, the very specific items that prana because they do lots of trail mix too, or is it their bean snacks? Okay.

Speaker A: For this example, I have assumed all of their products.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Now again, this is, this recommendation itself is like we have to investigate and identify. I'm sorry, I don't have any specific suggestions here. That's something I want to work towards and then talk about that in the next week, I mean, next meeting. But what I tried to. Okay, so I think that.

Speaker C: No, no, I definitely get what you're doing here. You're building out into saying if these are your competitors and these are the different rates of growth and this is what the category is doing. I think one piece of information is are you actually able to understand what these brands are spending? Because obviously a key lever is who's spending what. Because we're saying that's it and go, go squeeze our losers. My assumption is they're not spending on Amazon because they have such a huge presence in club and retail. The majority of their marketing dollars are going there. So the one key insight here I would say is missing is in terms of what their marketing mix is and spend and their strategies of how they're balancing D2 cuz go beans is a D2C. It's an Amazon brand. They don't sell in retail, they're nowhere in grocery. So it would make a lot of sense that there are $300,000 a month. Otherwise they have. They're not making any revenue that they sell on Amazon. Right. So I think that's maybe the insight that's missing a little bit. But I definitely get the storyline of where you're going, of how you. That there is opportunity to accelerate the D2C like the Amazon, the E Commerce revenues, basically.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right. Okay, so you know what, I'll skip this recommendation part, but rather I'll just look at the slides that we discussed before. So I don't think that we need to discuss about these keywords right now. Again, what. I'm sorry.

Speaker C: So show home just to kind of even. And you might have this here too, diving deeper into those growth or even at the Jimmy's Edamame, for instance, because you can't see exactly what they're spending. But are you able to see like what promotions and what type of advertising strategies they're deploying? Because for instance, they come up like when you Google three farmers, they come up on our pages. Right. Saying you, you will also like this. Right? Yeah. Okay. So you are able to see that information in terms of some of their strategies. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: And then you, you know what those strategies cost in terms of like how you can make some pretty strong assumptions in terms of. Yeah, okay.

Speaker A: Like those are different ad types that they're. I understand what you're talking about. Different ad types that they're utilizing. Okay, so I, instead of walking through the same data, I will show you something new and that would be the keyword level performance. So I'll first show you the advertising data and also I'll then show you Amazon's first party data. So let's start with the advertising data. If you look at some of the keywords. Okay, I'm sorry, what?

Speaker C: No, I mean, I know I'm just laughing. Like people literally put in healthy snacks for adults. That's just funny.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: I have done that. Like I literally. Especially for toddlers. I'M like what the hell is there besides like, because I'm not like I won't buy goldfish. I'm not buying gummy snacks.

Speaker C: Like and what's the time frame over this? This report is how much?

Speaker A: This is just one month. One month. It's just last Thursday. Yes.

Speaker C: Oh, just August. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. So if you notice this is quite impressive actually. Healthy snack for adults and then healthy snacks, roasted chickpeas and even many major keywords. We are winning. We are at the. This is the. Okay, let me walk you through the columns first. So this is a search term impression share rank and this is the percentage of overall impressions that are available on Amazon that we are winning as a brand. So so in the last 30 days we won 34.4 percentage of overall impression share that is these many number of impressions for healthy snacks for adults and we stand at the first rank. We are winning the most out of advertising food and for healthy snack as well. We are in the second position. We won about 12.69 percentage and similarly we can keep going through. You will see overall for many and there are opportunity cures like this. But where we are at the fifth position and we are winning just 8%. Probably we can win more. But also at the same time you'll see there are many keywords that we are performing really well for and they're major keywords, not low search volume keywords. And if we look at Amazon's first party data now for the same set of keywords and for example, roasted chickpeas is not that high search volume healthy snack for adults. This is in this data. We are not just looking at advertising data, rather we are looking at Amazon search data. So what will be included in this is let's say someone searches for healthy snacks and all of the search results that are going to show up, it's just going to count the impressions and clicks for that data. So let's say someone clicks on one product and then clicks on from all of the ads or suggestions that will show up on that product detail page or similar to this item. People also view all of those options. If someone clicks on another product from that product page, it will not be included in this data set. Or let's say someone is running sponsored brand banner ad, it will not be that that shows up on the on top of the search result. It will not show up or counted in this data. So if you try to match this data with what you see on the business report will never match. That's something I wanted to clarify. Okay, so for example Healthy snack for adults you will see for. This is a new one, Let me confirm. Yeah, this is the new one and this is winning the most impression number of impressions again it's in July. The data covers just July and the Click share is 7.05%. No other product even come closer to this. This is very impressive not just because of the click share but also because the click through rate. Because out of the impressions 12,000 something impressions we got 415. The click through rate that will mean is somewhere around 3 point something percentage. Compared to that no other product is even closer to that rate. So this is impressive and we can keep going through different keywords and see that for example, even for Healthy Snack our two products are at the top. One second, I can keep going through some other keywords or we are not the top but doing fairly. Okay. For example gluten free snack, not so impressive. We're not in the top 10. Not even close. Actually our click through it is somewhere close to 1% 1 point something percentage. Whereas you will see that other products, their click through it is much better. But also their median price is nowhere close to ours. And this is.

Speaker C: Can you try one of the protein keyword search? Protein snacks or protein something.

Speaker A: There it is. So protein snacks we are for example, our click through it is close to 2% and here you will see it's 2 point something percentage. And we shouldn't do these calculations manually. But just to give you an example, some of these are very impressive. For example this one is probably three percentage and that is where when the click through it is low that's an indication of how relevant people find our product relative to the keyword that they're searching for. And that could be because of how relevant our product is. Maybe the price point is not interesting to them. All different sorts of reason. The conclusion or summary is they don't find our product that interesting to click on. If the click through it is compared to all other products where the clicks rate is higher. So this is where we stand for protein snacks related keyword and that's why I told you that we are not performing that well for protein related keywords even for advertising. Even here. For now. Yeah. So this is, this is one kind of data that I want to show you and the last piece of information that I want to walk you through is a lifetime value.

Speaker C: Yes. Okay. And so when you say lifetime, that's person buys how often they repeat or when they stop buying.

Speaker A: Right. And we're looking at here, we're looking at 18 months of data. So that will start that ends in July this year. And yeah, we can calculate how long back it considers 18 months back. So anyway, we are first of all going to look at the user, the unique users that we have every month.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: So we are starting from March 2024 here in this diagram and we have defined new to brand customers as someone who hasn't purchased from us in at least 12 months. So then blue are. It's not really blue. Whatever color that is, that one is the new to brand customers. And the color, the reddish color, that one is the number of returning customers. Now it's quite normal to not see many returning customers towards the beginning of the data sets because we're comparing this with new users.

Speaker C: So is this, is this specifically the snacks to go 18 times 28 grams? Oh no, we haven't had this on 18 months. Sorry. Is this all products or is this specific to a product? Okay, can you actually get this data per sku? Okay, because that one, that might be one thing. Just as we move through it in terms of what are all the impacts of why there was maybe not repeat. Right. Like because we just rationalized a bunch of SKUs. We had fulfillment issues at different times, like just things like that. So

Speaker A: yeah, yeah, okay, yeah, sure, we can do that.

Speaker C: But definitely show home like something to measure that especially that new variety package because we know exactly when it started. And then as we see new trial and repeat users on that new variety pack, something to monitor really close.

Speaker A: Yeah, I would also like to do that. And yeah, well we don't have sufficient data right now because just a few months. I'll walk you through that numbers. But okay, let's look at this. The summary is basically we are acquiring new customers, more and more new customers. This is January's data. You see there's a drop, drop in February and then March, April, May, June, July. And this is until yesterday, 18th of August. So you'll see there the new number of customers that we are acquiring every month is. And these are new, didn't purchase from us in the last 12 months at least. Yeah. So the new customers, customer base is increasing at the same time we have. These are the repeat customers. So if you calculate the percentage of new customers, it stands at about. If this is the new customer then 18%. That's the repeat customer on average. Right, right. So this is the, this is just that.

Speaker C: And sorry, do you have like a. What is a healthy repeat customer percentage? Like that's like that month specifically is 23%.

Speaker A: Well, that can be 20% is in general very impressive, I will say. But that alone is not sufficient amount of. That doesn't give you sufficient insight because we are not considering the lifetime value. Which is where I'm a little bit concerned actually. So let me show you how it looks like on the account level it will take some time to load. Oh no, sorry, give me one second.

Speaker C: And because this is always my thing, my interest of lifetime when you straddle retail and E commerce too. Right. Where like because to date our strategy has always been drive trial on E commerce. But the ideal shopper goes to store and our velocities increase at store and grocery. So that's definitely something I. We have to see the data too. So. But I do know what. Once you're kind of a loyal Amazon shopper, it's much easier to just keep clicking on an item. But that definitely has been our take on E commerce. Like you drive trial but because literally 85, 8, 90% of our business is grocery retail, that's ideally where the consumer ends up. And as long as we see our velocities increasing at retail, our assumption is that new consumers and repeat are happening there.

Speaker A: That could be the case because the pricing is way better there, isn't it?

Speaker B: Yeah. Yes. Except for obviously because it's not a world. But now my biggest fear honestly is now that we're both like we're wrapping up west Canada and now we're going into eastern Canada. Costco like that 30 bag is 13.99 show home. Hey. At Costco.

Speaker A: Right? Yeah. And also you know what? Amazon may pick that up and we may lose buy box. There's a risk of that and high risk of that.

Speaker C: Well, which is only part thing too because again made goods Amazon items are all over quest chips are on Amazon. Like I guess though the thing is it's a quite different format.

Speaker A: So that is something that's important.

Speaker C: Yeah. And because does Amazon actually look at Costco retail or Costco Cat, their website.

Speaker A: Primarily the website.

Speaker C: Yeah. And Costco ca. We actually sell in a two pack.

Speaker A: I saw that.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: But that they may also pick that. That has happened before. I have seen that.

Speaker C: Okay. So yeah, just something to. I can bring that.

Speaker A: And I think we need to address that as soon as possible because we may lose the buy box any day. Any day.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Do anything about it.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: All right. So lifetime value, if we look at it, you will see this is the first month and it's a lot of number. I understand. But if we look at this row, we Are just looking at the cohort that started in September 2024. And if we follow the same cohort for the next 12 months, this is what we get. The first time average order value was 30.59. And this is the repeat purchase order value. If we keep adding them at the end of the year, I mean after this is of course August is not complete month, but still it comes to 38$. Now this is not impressive at all. I'll say this is just 1.25x of the first time purchase. Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. No, no, but this is good. So this is all of our products again, right. Not a specific SKU. Okay. So you're saying they come in and spend $30. So you could even say that's one snack bag. And you're saying throughout their. Throughout how long is this?

Speaker A: Over 12 months.

Speaker C: 12 months. So throughout a year they purchase 1.25 times. So our previous poll of numerator data, household Data has shown 1.8 times at grocery. Okay, so this is not far off. Depending on what the item is to obviously Camelina oil. I wouldn't expect them to. If Camelina was one of our. We don't. We should break out snacks to oil because that could skew this significantly. Right, Because a bottle of oil can last somebody like five months.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: Now we can look at them at product level 2 number is not shockingly different from what we see from what we see at grocery right now. But that is the number we're working on repeats,

Speaker A: right?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Well, this is more or less what I wanted to show you, except for the fact that we can also look at the same numbers at the product.

Speaker C: And so do. Because your retention rate like so. Just go over these with me for a second there. So active customers. What's an active customer? Why is it.

Speaker A: Well, so it's the same cohort size. So in this month alone we had this many number of new to brand customers.

Speaker C: Okay, I see so and then quantities orders.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Revenues.

Speaker B: We had that many of what customers.

Speaker A: Sorry, New to brand.

Speaker C: New to brand.

Speaker A: Who didn't purchase from us in the last 12 months. Okay.

Speaker C: How come the revenue. I don't understand the revenues here month over month are so low. Like are you sure this is not just one sku?

Speaker A: This one?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: These. Are you talking about these numbers? Yeah, well, these are just looking at these in people. I mean, I'm not considering what happened exactly in this month. I'm looking at the. How these, these customers behaved down the line.

Speaker C: Okay. Okay. So 805 came in in September. And then this is what those exact customers. I see. I see. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Why did they come in in September? What was some. It doesn't really matter. I'm like, what happened in September? Back to school, I guess you could say how. Whatever.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Mm.

Speaker C: And then the lifetime value is where Your lifetime value, that's just the rate of it. Okay. A ratio. The ratio. It's where you are at the ratio line

Speaker B: for a second.

Speaker C: Yeah. And again, because, like, what do you. Do we have something we're measuring against. Like, again, we don't really know what. My assumption is Go beans forever, for instance, is really high because number one, you can't buy it anywhere else. Well, that would be the number one, you can't buy it anywhere else. So they probably have it really high. Trying to think of another. Like, we don't really see made so. And because this is the thing. So made good, for instance. And this is why it's. It's a good example. So made good on Amazon sells the exact item that they sell at Costco on Amazon, the price is $20 on Amazon and on Costco CA, it's 17, and on the Costco floor it's $15. So it would be granola bites. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: Well, if you ask me why, I'll just say Amazon hasn't detected it yet. That's all I'll say. They will probably. They may at some point just not surprise. They may just steal the Bible. Right.

Speaker C: And when you say steal the buy box, that's like what's happening on our. Our other ones right now where they steal the buy box even though there's not another seller, they just pull it out.

Speaker A: Well, because I think there may be at least for one skew. I. I mean, I found. And also I think mentioned that in the email. Which one? That was that on London Drugs they are priced. Each unit is priced at that price price point. And when I'm thinking is Amazon is just multiplying those unit prices by 3, because if you notice, the prices end always at 9. Right. At London Drugs. And then if you multiply that by 3, the price ends with 7.

Speaker C: And is that London drugs in the store or londondrugs ca.

Speaker A: I could find it online.

Speaker C: Yeah, it is online right now. Like there's a sale too, right now.

Speaker A: Apparently they didn't even consider the sale price, but the original listing price for one of the SKUs. I couldn't find the listings for other two, but at least.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Do we have the flexibility of adjusting the prices there online on London Drugs

Speaker C: probably not online because that's all done at retail. And then they convert to online. Like we don't. It's usually the same. I'm just checking something here because how.

Speaker B: What is our show home? There's no way to like manually ask that question. Right.

Speaker C: Like, well and it's. That's a weird thing because we see it on London Drugs. It's 449. There's a ton of retailers that sell these bags for five bucks a bag. Like it's not just London Drugs. Like that's the SRP at grocery retail is 499. Like Sobeys sells it for 499 or 549. So that's, that's what's weird to me. Like it's a very. It's like Walmart for instance sells a made good bag for like $4. Like it's like I don't know how Amazon expects to balance with grocery retail. Like. Right. Especially at Costco. Like Costco takes truckloads Amazon and they have no fulfillment fees. It's like you. So I can see how people have to actually you have to iterate a product where you're completely listing a product that's completely different.

Speaker A: Different formats exclusive to Amazon.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yes. Yeah, yeah. Which is the same strategy with Club. You have to make the club item different than your regular grocery because Club expects a minimum 40 savings price curve over rest of market including Walmart. So you have your pricing strategy.

Speaker B: Including Walmart is crazy.

Speaker C: Walmart.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. I think it's frustrating because like yeah, there's three of our SKUs on loan drugs or another 349. But it's like that's also not like our. Right. Like I can't control other retailers sales consistently. Right. And then that sale won't be there for two weeks. So.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker B: So then my. That's my second question is do I have to keep this page open and just keep refreshing and hoping it goes back to normal price? Right. And then we'll end like how long does it take Amazon bots to like correct that? You know?

Speaker C: Well, so crazy.

Speaker A: I know they have detected price. Yeah, no, I understand that. Yeah. No, the only way we could fix it is by price matching or you know, changing the price somewhere else where it's lower than Amazon's pricing. Yeah, unfortunately that's the only way out. And by the way Costco London Rug is probably not. They don't care. I mean London Drug probably is not Amazon's priority but if it is on Costco that's definitely Amazon's priority.

Speaker C: Yeah, for sure. Costco, Walmart, Amazon. Because those are the big again in Canada especially there's only like five or six big volume grocery drivers. Right. Like. But yeah, it's just so weird because when I look at some of these other brands, it's the exact item they sell in retail at a higher cost on Amazon and they have the buy box like that's, it's like why are like. And these are big brands. Like my God. And maybe Amazon picks on them less. Right?

Speaker A: I. I mean I don't, I'm able to. I don't have an answer for that.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: All I can say is we are also active for now. But if you want to, you know, play it safe in the long run, probably we should also think how we can can differentiate on Amazon.

Speaker C: Yeah. Just trying to look at this. Gogo Squeeze 2 product like 24 per pack, $15 and yeah, like even Gogo Squeeze, which is a different squeeze. You were, I think you had Gogo Squeeze on our competitors too. Like $10 for 12 of them on Amazon and you can get 24 of them for $15 on Costco Cash. Is it a different kind of. It's just a different size.

Speaker A: Yeah, that is good enough. That is good.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. Okay, well. And that's so Costco ca, we're probably fine because we sell it in two packs. Amazon we sell singles. Costco ca, we sell doubles. So that's the same as them, right?

Speaker A: Yes. Tell me something. So on Costco ca, is the UPC still the same as Amazon's?

Speaker C: Yes, yes. The unit UPC would. But the case upc, the cell is two of them together. So. But yeah, no, the unit UPC is the same. Yes, correct.

Speaker A: Yeah,

Speaker C: I see what you're saying. I see what you're saying because that's how they're getting the, the data is through the upc. That's how they're price auditing. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah, that's definitely a point of discussion for innovation and Amazon. Okay, I'm just gonna make that note. Okay, this was really good. So show home. Can you send that to me? And so the reason this is really good timing as well too is we have. We're redoing our website because and our product pages and everything on website. So all of these key terms and what's winning and where this even lifetime value. It's very good timing right now to bring some of that information to some of our meetings that we're having and scorecards that we're Building. So, yeah, are you able to share that over. Is that a PowerPoint or that's just a PDF?

Speaker A: Which one? That one. The LDV.

Speaker C: Well, if you can. I took snapshots of the three data boards that you showed which were the lifetime value, the keyword, like the granular key, keyword impressions and stuff like that. But yeah, just what you went over with us is great of the category insights and where we are in terms of market share and who we are looking at as our competitors.

Speaker A: Sure, yeah, yeah. I can share you the. Share the decks and also the Excel where I showed you the granular keyword analysis. And also for this ltv, what I'll do is I'll download all of those reports and also. Yeah, share those with you.

Speaker C: Okay, perfect.

Speaker A: And then I guess building is. I'm sorry, I'm just going to mention one more thing. So on that, I mean, it's too difficult to look at everything manually and it's skew. Right. So what I'm also trying to build is AI will do the job of analyzing those data with like that will specify, will restrict the AI too, and then generate a PDF request. So, but anyway, that's not. That part is not complete yet. I'll just share the reports with you.

Speaker C: Perfect. All right, well, thanks everyone. I guess I will chat with you soon or see you on next call.

Speaker A: You know what, one more question. So are you attending chfa?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: You are?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: So I have a request for it. So can I get a pass to attend CHFU with you?

Speaker C: Yeah, let me ask. Because you know what, we go with our. We go with Propel, like our broker, our sales broker. So I have to see if we have any badges left, but if not, I can get the cost of what an extra badge is. Show home.

Speaker A: Sure, yeah.

Speaker C: So I'll just ask Colleen here what that looks like. Yeah.

Speaker A: Awesome. Thank you so much.

Speaker C: Yeah, let me check. And, and you might have to remind me too if you don't hear back from me, but Colleen's usually pretty good at letting me. Danny's off right now, so. But she'd probably put in the request. But yeah, just remind me if you don't hear back from me. Yeah, sure.

Speaker A: Awesome.

Speaker C: Thanks, Johan.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: And. Oh yeah, I'll see if I can get one first and then I'll let you know and then you can give her all the details. I'll put you on an email.

Speaker A: Okay, sounds good.

Speaker C: Okay, thank you.

Speaker A: Yeah, thank you so much.

Speaker C: Bye now.

