Transcript for: Recording__827.mp4
Title: Recording #827
============================================================

The flight. I'm like sitting here trying to set it up. It's like, no, I'm on vacation still. Like, no, you don't get vacation. Yeah. So that's the only thing. How are you doing? Well. Yeah, yeah. So you are reunited with your cats. Yes. Which is the most important thing. Yes, exactly. I can't think of anything else I was looking forward to going home, Anything like that. Oh, there it goes. Oh, it's working now. Yes, it's actually. I'm just driving around and I'm like, cold weather. It's the best. Well, not cold, but like, not cold yet. Chilly. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And I'm seeing all the fall stuff popping up, which is nice. Yes. Yeah. I have been wondering if I could escape this winter or really don't want to. I mean, take. I cannot take this winter. It's. But anyway, I have to. I think I have to stay here. What's the worst part of winter for you? The temperature. Fair enough. And it's gloomy. That's probably the worst. Yeah. Because for me, the temperature. I could deal with the temperature if it wasn't so gray and the sun didn't set at like five o'. Clock. Exactly. Yeah. And also if it was still light and I still had some colors, I could do cold. Yeah, the other stuff. That's right. Yeah. And even during the day, it's not sunny on most days. Yeah. And even when it is sunny, it's like, it's cold. It's actually even more cold. Yeah. It's like, oh, look, it looks beautiful outside. Oh. Except for with all the sun, I can see all the black snow on the side of the road and there's some yellow snow over. I'd like nice fresh snow. Couple weeks, warm weather again. There we go. Yeah. Well, I would have gone back to India for a few months, but it's. The time difference is so, so much. It will be difficult for me to work from there. Fair enough. Would you have to be like nocturnal? Yes, that's very difficult. I was there last year around this time actually, and stayed there for about 50 days. I had to work until 2 or 3am and that was too much. I couldn't do it. Yeah, fair enough. Yeah. So India just doesn't do winter or. I mean, it's not that cold. The maximum, the minimum is probably around 10, 11. That's a minimum Celsius, right? Yes, Celsius. Okay, so let's confirm. Okay. Let's converse. So in my brain, because 10 degrees Fahrenheit is minus 12 Celsius. So that's still. That's still a bit chilly. It's 50 degrees. Yeah, that's chilly. But nothing compared to here. Right? I mean. And also, you can enjoy the sun. You will actually enjoy the sun if you go, oh, so the sun just goes to India in the winter. It's like, bye, Canada. See you later. India always has the sun in winter is tolerable. Fair enough. Wait, so why do you go to Canada if. If you're not a fan of winter? I have been enjoying it for a few years, but after seven years, I. It's like I need to be somewhere else. Fair enough. You're like, it was a fun little novelty until I almost froze to death last year. And I can totally relook it somewhere else, probably somewhere in South America. And I was probably telling you that I'll go to Argentina, but that didn't happen because anyway, that would be too much at this point. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Well, let's get enough winter talk. Yeah, winter. Winter is coming soon enough. Let's. Let's not give it any more power. Let's go into class stuff. Have you gotten a chance to review anything we did last time? Yes, T. I reviewed that, and I was also going through schwa. So, you know, shua has. Has been one of the biggest challenges. And I was. I remember today when I was going over some of those stuff, I realized that when we started, we did a lot of things. It's not just materials that we have on Accented Advisor, you sent me many practice materials. You sent me some website links, and we did it for weeks, I think. So I was thinking probably it would be a good idea for me to go through all those materials and exercises one more time, because I started getting the idea now it looks like I have totally forgot all those concepts. So what did you get a chance to reveal? T? Whatever we discussed last time and Shoah Shua, I was also looking at the practice sheet, and yeah, that's what I did. Yeah. As far as schwa goes, I definitely do try to send a fair variety of things just because I feel like certain sounds like T. It's pretty straightforward. Accent Advisor covers it pretty well. But then accent Advisor with schwa is just like, make this sound sometimes. Sometimes you don't. There's stress involved. Good luck. So I definitely do think if you go ahead and go through those and then let me know which ones are helpful for you, and then I can send you more materials if you'd like to review schwa some more, just because schwa is so important. Okay, so here's the thing. I was thinking. I couldn't download those files that you sent me before I. Because it looks like it Skype doesn't keep it more than 30 days. So if you could send those same materials and do you have those voice. I mean, those recordings, or do you have to record them again if I need. Depends on. Do you mean the recordings we did in class? No. So the PDFs that you sent me, where it was for Schwa practice, Sha and Shoahar practice, do have those recordings made and adjusted forward? Yeah. Okay. Do you mean the ones where, like, the ones where you read through the article and then there's like, the cheat sheet on the next page? Yes. Yeah, I have. I have most of those. I think maybe a couple of them we did together in class, but I should have them for the most part. Are those the ones you want me to send? Yes, that would be nice. Awesome. I think I sent maybe a couple other things, like Rachel's English links and things like that. If you could also, I don't know, send me those links. I'll probably keep a record of those at this time because. Yes, I can't find any of. I don't know. Can you see them, though? Like, can you see what the link said, for example? Could you. I'll resend the links I have as teaching materials that I have saved. But when it comes to, like, certain online links, sometimes I find those specifically for each person I'm working with. So I might send one to you that I didn't send to anyone else that I don't have, like, specifically saved. Okay. But I can hunt it down again. So if you see something where you're like, this. This one I want, go ahead and just reply and be like, I think the link should be. I can. I can find the links if I just look into our chat. Right. And then. Yeah, yeah, I can do that. Are they working, though? The links should work. I didn't find any so far, but anyway, you sent me a lot of materials. Some songs, the sea, beautiful people, Brunovers. Did I send you Schwa versus All? I don't know. Yeah, I could see this link. It's from Engvid. The stress change the stress, change the meaning. Oh, yes, for sure. Yeah. So what do. Do you need me to send the names of the files that I can see so that you can send those to me or. No, when it comes to files that I have kind of saved, I'm just going to resend everything that I Have saved. For example, I just sent all the Schwab versus all stuff. I'm going to send the readings that you talked about. Let's see. So like, for example, I'm going to send some of these songs. I'm going to send some of the readings. There we go. Space hanger. I'll just send all of those. It's going to be a bit swampy, but just let me know. Actually, you also sent me this back then. If there's anything particularly, I might just have it in a different file or I might have saved it differently by mistake or something. If you see something missing, let me know. By the way, this was also helpful and I'll try to hunt it down or I'll remake it if I can. Got it. Got it. Yeah. I remember we discussed concepts like the stress, so schwa. Like if there is one. I forgot, but the presence or presence of schwa depends on the. Where the stress is in the word. I forgot what exactly it was, but we discussed some concepts like that. Do you mean the change the change the meaning? Change or change the stress? Change the meaning. That kind of thing. Oh, if the schwa is there, it will not be stressed. Definitely that. So that phrase. So for example, construction can. Will not be stressed. It depends on whether it's a. Yeah, if there's. It depends on the stress. So schwa will never be somewhere where there is stress. Right, Got it. I started getting the concept back then. I think I just need more practice with that. Which we may have to do some. To some extent in the class. Maybe go through some of the older things. Yeah, fair enough. Yeah. Yeah. You go ahead and let me know. Look over it. Let me know. Oh, yeah, but I forgot all about the songs. But now that I'm looking at them, they're super helpful. The songs I kind of make per student. Just because the other stuff like the readings. If you're not super into knowing about hanger, it's still super helpful. But I can't imagine telling someone no, you have to sit down and listen to Taylor Swift five times a day. Yeah. So I'm going to send some of the songs. But if there. If they are helpful but you just don't like these songs or you want a couple more, we could definitely go over that as well. Got it. Okay. Other than that, you could just listen to Taylor Swift. Yeah, sure. Why not? She's the most popular one these days. Yeah. All right. So I think I'm. I'm sending you like five. 505 songs. Yeah. Just because some of these I did for different sounds, and I don't want to accidentally send you one that's like. I don't know, like long e or something. Unless you want me to just send all of them and you could just. Not right now. I'm fine with. I mean, I'm not saying that I'm perfect with the other vowel sounds, but, yeah, schwa is the most difficult one. Yeah, they're. They're a little mixed all together. So these ones that I remember specifically are schwa. So go ahead. Maybe like, a couple of those songs. I don't know. And let me know. Yeah, let me know what was helpful. I think those are the main links. So I said schwabis is all. I sent all the readings and I sent the music. So they're there. Yeah. Was there anything else off the top of your head that. No, you were talking about now? I still need to go through the lax, short A, and all those stuff. But those are not that difficult. Yes. I need to get familiar with more words. Or it is, but it's not that difficult. Fair enough. Yeah. Okay. So those are the main things, I think. Yeah. Like you said schwa going over. That is very helpful, I think. I think schwa is probably not like, the most difficult, but it's the one that's most likely to fall back into old patterns because you. It's so. It's so subtle that your brain kind of is like, oh, I know what's happening, but I don't hear it all the time, so I'm gonna ignore it. But then, like, with T, for example, once I point out, like, okay, this is what's happening with C, people are more likely to notice it day to day, and then kind of make it a habit where schwa kind of just. It resets quite a bit. So that's one reason I keep saying, by the way, if you have time, always practice schwa. Yeah. So if you have time, always practice schwa. All right. Speaking of tea, can you remind me what was happening with T last time we had gone over the material and we were practicing T, the position of T. So do you want me to summarize? Yes, if you could summarize, because there were a couple things with T that we worked on. Do you remember which ones they were? Yes. The position of the tongue, which is on the ovular ridge. And. It's just the tip of the tongue that touches the ovular region, and then the movement is downwards. Right. And that's he. And one thing was. It's not. I Don't know what you. How you described it, but it. I mean, there. There shouldn't be any vibration here. So how do you vocalization. It's called voicing. Voicing. Okay. So that wouldn't be there at all. And there's one difference between. I mean, depending on where the T is, there may be differences in how we pronounce. And that's happening mostly because of the air. Yes. The aspiration. Right, aspiration. Okay. And do you remember what the difference was that we worked on? Yes. So in most cases where the T is in the end, then there is no aspiration. Very little or none. We'll talk about that. There's a whole page, actually, we're going to go over about T at the end of a word. Okay. Yeah. But when it's at the beginning of the word or in the middle, like, would you have a true table? What's happening with the aspiration? Well, so it's. What's happening with that? So it's like, I have. I was reading the document. So it says you build up certain amount of pressure with your tongue. It's like you're blocking the air with your tongue. Yeah. You let it out. Yeah. So there are the steps. So step one and step two. Right. Do you remember? No. Okay. So step one, your tongue raises up to the alveolar ridge, not the teeth like you mentioned already up. And then two is releasing it. So it's like it's held there. You have to hold it there now for like a second, very, very, very briefly. But it's totally different. Literally, the milliseconds make all the difference because if you let it down too quickly, you're going to make either a flap sound or it's not going to be aspirated enough. So step one is that it goes up. Step two is that it goes down. So literally just like up, and then you can't hear step one? Yes, the beginning. But yeah, step one is up, step two is down. Right. Yes. And the reason we're going over that specifically is because there are times where you only use step one. Oh, okay. Yes, we'll talk about that. Actually today, if you have time, we might go over talking about it, if that's okay. Sure. You have time. Yes. Okay. No, because I just. I don't want to be like, you know those plans you have for breakfast? Cancel those. We're going to be talking about half tea. Yeah. So let me actually share that with you. One thing. If you remember, we did talk about how sometimes you under. Aspirate t so could you tell me what that means? I don't have that sound. That second step is missing. The second step isn't missing. It's there, but it's not as sharp as an American T. It's not as. It's not as enough. It's not as much air. So it's kind of very subtle. It's kind of like this, like, whatever at the end of the word when it's not aspirated. Like list. List. Things like that. List Egypt. Things like that. Very subtle. You kind of use that at the beginning. So it's very lightly aspirated. So remember when you are practicing a true T, to really, really aspirate it, like to. Today. Yeah. Tomorrow. Things like that. And you could really feel the air, like, all the way from here. Isn't that too much? I'm being a little dramatic. But you do want to make sure that it's there. It's better in English to have too much aspiration than not enough when it comes to sound. Like true T, especially at the beginning of a word. Okay, so any questions on true tea before we dive into the next thing? Something that I remember you mentioned last day. I had some. In some cases, my T sounded like D because of the voicing. Yeah. So that. I'm not sure how to correct that. Sometimes it sounds like D at the beginning of the word, though. The main thing I want you to work on right now is aspirating and making sure you have. Like today. Today. Yeah. The thing. The reason I beat so dramatic is because when you are really dramatic, when you practice, let's say you root up to, like, 140. You're not going to keep that. Would you actually go in the wild when you're actually talking? Whatever you practice, it's going to be lower. So let's say you want it at this level, Right. If you practice it at that level, you're naturally going to go lower. If you practice it really dramatically, it's going to lower to the level you actually want. One second. Yes, I can see somebody. That's just my teacher assistant, my little ta. All right, let me try to find. Okay. Final stops. It's under stop consonants. Okay. What do I have to do? Stop consonants. Final stops. I just shared it with you just now, so you might have to refresh your page, but if you could open the worksheet for that. Sure. Okay. What is it called again? Final steps. Final stops. Yes. Okay. Got it. Yes, I'm there. Perfect. Can you read the explanation? One second. Yes, I can. Let's read it at the end of some words or syllables. Some plosive consonants such as T, D, P, B, K, and G are often unreleased. Okay, so unreleased. What is that? That's when we don't use step two. Okay, so remind me what the steps are. Okay. Step one is you touch the tongue, tip of the tongue goes up to the ovula. And second step is you. I mean, it comes back down. Like you lower. Yes. And all stop sounds do this. Okay. All of them. Oh. So we already went over T and D. Right. So T and D, they're doing the same exact thing. The only difference is the voicing. But T and D, they both go up to the top and at the alveolar ridge. We didn't do D, by the way. I think we briefly talked about it. So the only difference between T and D is the voicing. Okay, we'll. We'll go over D. But if you remember T and D, the only difference is the voicing. So when it comes to them being a stop sound, they're doing the same exact thing in the mouth where they go up and down, Same exact spot, same exact movement, same speed, all of that. So if you make a T sound, go ahead. Okay. I don't know if it is. Make a D sound next to it. So. Okay, I see the difference. Yeah, it's clear. Yeah. Yeah. So same thing is happening up here. Different things happening here. Right? Okay. Yes. So T and D, it's going to have that same thing. What about when you make a P sound? Yeah, it also has this airing. How do you do that? It's with the lips. Yes. T and D, we stop the air with the tip of the tongue. P and B, it's with the lips, like you mentioned. So T and D, it goes up and down. That's step one, step two, step one and step two. With P, it's like you close the lips and then release them. Yeah, that's literally it. So. Like that. That's literally step one, close your mouth. Step step two, open your mouth. So what about B? B, B. How do you pronounce the B side? So it doesn't have the earring. Sorry. Like that ear. It's definitely less aspirated, but it's still there. So all of these sounds are going to be aspirated. Just the voiced ones, like T and D. T and D, the voiced and voiceless pair. T is going to be more than D, because when you voice the sound, it's less aspirated. So, like, P is very aspirated. B Not as much, but it's still there. Okay, so step one is step two for T. Tip of the tongue. Step one is step two for P. The lips K and G are a little more difficult to recognize. But let's see what happens with K sound. So it's also aspirated, but I do it with the back of the tongue. Yes, exactly. So what is step. What is step two? So you touch the upper pelvate with the back of the tongue and then lower the tongue. Yeah, exactly. And lower the tongue. But also there's a bit of jaw movement. If you could see. It's like. Right? Yeah, yeah. We're going to go over these individually, by the way. But since we're doing world of T, we I want to focus on how T coordinates with this. So we're going to do a little bit of COVID but mostly our focus is going to be T. So step one and step two for all these sounds is stopping the air, releasing the air. That's it. We do it with different parts, whether it's the lips, tip or back of the tongue. But it's all the same general idea. And when it's unreleased, you only do step one. Okay, so unreleased. I'm going to refer to this in different ways just because I've had students give it different names. So it's kind of. It's all there. So like a half tea, unreleased T, stop T. It's all the same thing. So if you hear me, like going along and I'm like, okay, this is the unreleased T. And then later I'm like, okay, what does the stop T sound like? It's the same thing. Just so you know, because I've had some students be like, wait, what's the stop T? That's different. We were doing half teas and I'm just like, it's the same. Don't worry about it. Okay. Any questions on that? No, not so far. Go ahead and read the next paragraph. Yes, we can think of plosive consonants as two part sound. The first part is the sudden stop of airflow, which causes a buildup of pressure in the mouth. And the second part is release of the air that was cut off. If a plosive consonant is unreleased, the mouth closes to make the sound as it normally would, but it doesn't release the puff of air at the end. Yeah, basically what we said. Can you read the next part? It gives an example. Yes. For example, in map, the airflow stops at the end of the word wheat, the formation of P. But P is not released Uhhuh. Yes. The same is true for dad. Uhhuh. D in the beginning is different and the end is different here, dad. Right? Yes, but it's. We're going to talk about the different kinds of different. Okay. Okay, go ahead and keep reading. The. The airflow is stopped when the tongue comes up for the final D inside the mouth, but the air isn't released afterwards like it is in Daddy. So what this is saying is we're not going to release it. We're going to have those half sounds, stop sounds, unreleased sounds, whatever you want to call them. So in the word map, I'm using P because it's very visual. You could see it pretty well if you have a stop sound, one of the ones we talked about. If you have one of these sounds at the end of the word after a vowel, you will not release it. Okay, so you could see I'm going to use the word cat, for example. Cat. Cat, cat. I don't know if you could see this at all, but my tongue is going up. It's stopping. It's not being released at all. So I'm not saying cat. There's no cat. It's a cat. Cat, cat. My tongue goes up. It stays on the alveolar ridge. Cat, cat. So when you make the sound, you should be able to feel that your tongue is still on your alveolar ridge. Yeah. So you can feel. Go, cat, cat. So not cat, cat, cat. Keep your tongue on your alveolar ridge. Cat, cat, cat. So you can. You might be able to feel a little bit, but you are aspirating just a bit. I am? Yes. So you're having a little tiny bit of step two. Like, what do you do there? Like, you just kind of just stay there. It does. It stays there. Stays there. Cat. Like, for how long after you. Forever. Forever. Well, until you have to talk again, obviously. But cat, Cat, cat. Okay. Cat. Okay, hold on. Cat. Yeah. Okay. Yes. So it's not aspirated at all with a vowel. If it's after a consonant, like in the word list, it's lightly released. So like Egypt. Like there's a pt, S, T, something like that consonant, and then T, it's released, except for a couple consonants we'll talk about. But for the most part, if it's with a vowel, nothing. This sometimes is a little easier to practice with P, just because you could do like a mirror practice. You could see it. You can make sure that you visually don't let your lips go into stage two. So, for example, map, you could see okay. My lips are not doing anything. You could see it. So that is sometimes a little bit easier to start with, just. Because when you could visually see it, it might be a little easier to control. Okay. So I want you to try because we're doing the world of T, but if T is being a little bit difficult, go back and try with P and B. Those can be a little bit easier just to get the concept and then move on to T. Got it. If that makes sense. Yeah. All right, so just to review, where is your tongue going to be for T and a stop sound? It's going to be. It's going to touch the alveolar ridge. That's it. Yes. Yes. So resist the urge to go with a stage two. I have never even noticed that before. So. Yeah. And sometimes people are like, oh, no. Then it's just the T is not there. It's still there. It's just a half sound. So, for example, if I say ca. Ca. No T at all. Cah. I'm not saying ca. I'm saying cat. Cat. So there's the three. Cat. Cat. Cat. Yes. Middle one. Yes. Cat. I cannot resist that. All right, we're going to go ahead and wrap up there. There are a few other things to it we're going to come back to. But I just wanted to introduce the basic idea and why we're going over step one and step two. Because I kept going like, oh, we're going to use that later. We're going to use that later. I just wanted to give you a little bit of an idea of what we're going to use it for. We're in the later. Got it. I want you to start practicing that. Like I said, you can. If T is being a little bit difficult, and it usually is, you could go back and practice with P because you could visually see it. And I definitely do recommend mere practices for this, which means that you kind of just have a set of words and you watch yourself say it. Yeah. One more thing to note. This is how people usually speak in normal English. This is how I usually say it. But you sometimes will hear it aspirated, which means sometimes you'll hear it with step two in certain situations. So sometimes somebody on the news might do this. They're trying to speak very clearly. They'll say, there were 10 cats. There was a cat in a tree today. However, like, they're trying to speak very formally. Maybe you'll hear it in a very important speech. Or if somebody's really trying to emphasis. Emphasize something like, no, I Don't want that cat anywhere near me. Something like that. Like if it's being really stressed or you're trying to speak very fancy, you might hear it, you might hear somebody just randomly, but for the most part this, this is pretty noticeable. If you do it every single time when you're speaking, people might not notice, like, oh, you're aspirating the T at the end of the word when there is a vowel preceding it. But they're going to notice like, okay, there's something going on. So if, if you do it all the time, it's going to be pretty noticeable. But now that you notice it, you're going to hear that people, for the most part they don't aspirate, but once in a while you're going to hear it. Got it. If that makes sense. A bit of a rat there, but yeah, that's the general idea. That's why step one and step two are so important. That's the situation. We're going to come back to it. So please practice the first part. Let me know if you have any questions before next time as well. Yes, sure. One observation is the word cat. The letter C is not pronounced as. It's a bit different. Like it's like almost K. Yeah. Actually C does not have its own sound in English. It's either a S, like in my name Simaril, or it's a K like in cat. It doesn't actually do its own thing, it's a copycat. Haha. Yeah. So there are certain times where it's an S, but most of the time it's going to be a K. So when it does come to stop sounds, by the way, that kind of leads into the next thing it's talking about, stop sounds. So when a C makes a K sound, it counts as a K. So if you ever see something where it's like oh, K will not be pronounced at the end of the word, even if it's spelled with a C, it's still cats as K. So if we're going off the end of the word, how would you say. This word? Just the first word that popped in my head. A vote. Yes. So be careful because even though there's an E at the end, what's the last sound? T. Yes. So we're going by the last sound, not the spelling. So you're still not going to aspirate T, you're still going to say vote. Vote. Yes. Okay. You're still going to say vote instead of vote even though it's at the end of the Word. So another thing is a word like this. How would you say that? Thought. Yeah. Thought. Oh, wow. Okay. Thought. Even though there's a gh right before it, the GH is silent, so it doesn't really count. It's there spelling wise, but pronunciation wise, it's still t after a vowel because you're not actually pronouncing anything. So when it comes to pronunciation, there's a vowel. Like, it's. You're pronouncing the O, u, and then the t. So you're still not going to aspirate it. So just be careful of English spelling when you are practicing these. So some. Some students are like, oh, I practice it. And I'm like, okay, how do you say thought? And they're like, oh, you pronounce that because there's that h there. Yeah. Absolutely not. The spelling is very misleading. So just be careful of that when you do start practicing those. Yes. And I have one second observation. Yes. That is, you're very gentle with your cat. My cat. She's mostly gentle with me, so she deserves it. Yeah, she's been very loving. Like, on the first day, she was like, who are you? I don't recognize you anymore. And then she started being like, I'm just in the same room as you because I want to be here. You can pet me if you want. Like, the day after, she's like, okay, we're best friends again. Now she wants your attention. Looks like that. Yeah. She's taking a nap. It's okay. All right. If you have any other questions, let me know. If not, do a mere practice. Don't get caught up in English spelling. And. And I'll see you next time. Yes, see you next time. Take care. Yeah, you. So bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: The flight. I'm like sitting here trying to set it up. It's like, no, I'm on vacation still. Like, no, you don't get vacation. Yeah. So that's the only thing.

Speaker B: How are you doing? Well. Yeah, yeah. So you are reunited with your cats.

Speaker A: Yes. Which is the most important thing.

Speaker B: Yes, exactly.

Speaker A: I can't think of anything else I was looking forward to going home, Anything like that. Oh, there it goes.

Speaker B: Oh, it's working now.

Speaker A: Yes, it's actually. I'm just driving around and I'm like, cold weather. It's the best. Well, not cold, but like, not cold yet. Chilly.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: And I'm seeing all the fall stuff popping up, which is nice.

Speaker B: Yes. Yeah. I have been wondering if I could escape this winter or really don't want to. I mean, take. I cannot take this winter. It's. But anyway, I have to. I think I have to stay here.

Speaker A: What's the worst part of winter for you?

Speaker B: The temperature.

Speaker A: Fair enough.

Speaker B: And it's gloomy. That's probably the worst.

Speaker A: Yeah. Because for me, the temperature. I could deal with the temperature if it wasn't so gray and the sun didn't set at like five o'. Clock.

Speaker B: Exactly. Yeah.

Speaker A: And also if it was still light and I still had some colors, I could do cold. Yeah, the other stuff.

Speaker B: That's right. Yeah. And even during the day, it's not sunny on most days.

Speaker A: Yeah. And even when it is sunny, it's like, it's cold.

Speaker B: It's actually even more cold.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's like, oh, look, it looks beautiful outside. Oh. Except for with all the sun, I can see all the black snow on the side of the road and there's some yellow snow over. I'd like nice fresh snow. Couple weeks, warm weather again. There we go.

Speaker B: Yeah. Well, I would have gone back to India for a few months, but it's. The time difference is so, so much. It will be difficult for me to work from there.

Speaker A: Fair enough. Would you have to be like nocturnal?

Speaker B: Yes, that's very difficult. I was there last year around this time actually, and stayed there for about 50 days. I had to work until 2 or 3am and that was too much. I couldn't do it.

Speaker A: Yeah, fair enough. Yeah. So India just doesn't do winter or.

Speaker B: I mean, it's not that cold. The maximum, the minimum is probably around 10, 11.

Speaker A: That's a minimum Celsius, right?

Speaker B: Yes, Celsius. Okay, so let's confirm. Okay. Let's converse.

Speaker A: So in my brain, because 10 degrees Fahrenheit is minus 12 Celsius. So that's still. That's still a bit chilly.

Speaker B: It's 50 degrees. Yeah, that's chilly. But nothing compared to here. Right?

Speaker A: I mean.

Speaker B: And also, you can enjoy the sun. You will actually enjoy the sun if

Speaker A: you go, oh, so the sun just goes to India in the winter. It's like, bye, Canada. See you later.

Speaker B: India always has the sun in winter is tolerable.

Speaker A: Fair enough. Wait, so why do you go to Canada if. If you're not a fan of winter?

Speaker B: I have been enjoying it for a few years, but after seven years, I. It's like I need to be somewhere else.

Speaker A: Fair enough. You're like, it was a fun little novelty until I almost froze to death last year.

Speaker B: And I can totally relook it somewhere else, probably somewhere in South America. And I was probably telling you that I'll go to Argentina, but that didn't happen because anyway, that would be too much at this point. Yeah.

Speaker A: All right. Yeah. Well, let's get enough winter talk. Yeah, winter. Winter is coming soon enough. Let's. Let's not give it any more power. Let's go into class stuff. Have you gotten a chance to review anything we did last time?

Speaker B: Yes, T. I reviewed that, and I was also going through schwa. So, you know, shua has. Has been one of the biggest challenges. And I was. I remember today when I was going over some of those stuff, I realized that when we started, we did a lot of things. It's not just materials that we have on Accented Advisor, you sent me many practice materials. You sent me some website links, and we did it for weeks, I think. So I was thinking probably it would be a good idea for me to go through all those materials and exercises one more time, because I started getting the idea now it looks like I have totally forgot all those concepts.

Speaker A: So what did you get a chance to reveal?

Speaker B: T? Whatever we discussed last time and Shoah Shua, I was also looking at the practice sheet, and yeah, that's what I did.

Speaker A: Yeah. As far as schwa goes, I definitely do try to send a fair variety of things just because I feel like certain sounds like T. It's pretty straightforward. Accent Advisor covers it pretty well. But then accent Advisor with schwa is just like, make this sound sometimes. Sometimes you don't. There's stress involved. Good luck. So I definitely do think if you go ahead and go through those and then let me know which ones are helpful for you, and then I can send you more materials if you'd like to review schwa some more, just because schwa is so important.

Speaker B: Okay, so here's the thing. I was thinking. I couldn't download those files that you sent me before I. Because it looks like it Skype doesn't keep it more than 30 days. So if you could send those same materials and do you have those voice. I mean, those recordings, or do you have to record them again if I need.

Speaker A: Depends on. Do you mean the recordings we did in class?

Speaker B: No. So the PDFs that you sent me, where it was for Schwa practice, Sha and Shoahar practice, do have those recordings made and adjusted forward?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Do you mean the ones where, like, the ones where you read through the article and then there's like, the cheat sheet on the next page?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah, I have. I have most of those. I think maybe a couple of them we did together in class, but I should have them for the most part. Are those the ones you want me to send?

Speaker B: Yes, that would be nice.

Speaker A: Awesome. I think I sent maybe a couple other things, like Rachel's English links and things like that.

Speaker B: If you could also, I don't know, send me those links. I'll probably keep a record of those at this time because. Yes, I can't find any of. I don't know.

Speaker A: Can you see them, though? Like, can you see what the link said, for example? Could you. I'll resend the links I have as teaching materials that I have saved. But when it comes to, like, certain online links, sometimes I find those specifically for each person I'm working with. So I might send one to you that I didn't send to anyone else that I don't have, like, specifically saved.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: But I can hunt it down again. So if you see something where you're like, this. This one I want, go ahead and just reply and be like, I think

Speaker B: the link should be. I can. I can find the links if I just look into our chat. Right. And then. Yeah, yeah, I can do that.

Speaker A: Are they working, though?

Speaker B: The links should work. I didn't find any so far, but anyway, you sent me a lot of materials. Some songs, the sea, beautiful people, Brunovers.

Speaker A: Did I send you Schwa versus All?

Speaker B: I don't know. Yeah, I could see this link. It's from Engvid. The stress change the stress, change the meaning.

Speaker A: Oh, yes, for sure.

Speaker B: Yeah. So what do. Do you need me to send the names of the files that I can see so that you can send those to me or.

Speaker A: No, when it comes to files that I have kind of saved, I'm just going to resend everything that I Have saved. For example, I just sent all the Schwab versus all stuff. I'm going to send the readings that you talked about. Let's see. So like, for example, I'm going to send some of these songs. I'm going to send some of the readings. There we go. Space hanger. I'll just send all of those. It's going to be a bit swampy, but just let me know. Actually, you also sent me this back then. If there's anything particularly, I might just have it in a different file or I might have saved it differently by mistake or something. If you see something missing, let me know. By the way, this was also helpful and I'll try to hunt it down or I'll remake it if I can.

Speaker B: Got it. Got it. Yeah. I remember we discussed concepts like the stress, so schwa. Like if there is one. I forgot, but the presence or presence of schwa depends on the. Where the stress is in the word. I forgot what exactly it was, but we discussed some concepts like that.

Speaker A: Do you mean the change the change the meaning? Change or change the stress? Change the meaning. That kind of thing.

Speaker B: Oh, if the schwa is there, it will not be stressed. Definitely that. So that phrase. So for example, construction can. Will not be stressed. It depends on whether it's a.

Speaker A: Yeah, if there's. It depends on the stress. So schwa will never be somewhere where there is stress.

Speaker B: Right, Got it. I started getting the concept back then. I think I just need more practice with that. Which we may have to do some. To some extent in the class. Maybe go through some of the older things.

Speaker A: Yeah, fair enough.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. You go ahead and let me know. Look over it. Let me know. Oh, yeah, but I forgot all about the songs. But now that I'm looking at them, they're super helpful. The songs I kind of make per student. Just because the other stuff like the readings. If you're not super into knowing about hanger, it's still super helpful. But I can't imagine telling someone no, you have to sit down and listen to Taylor Swift five times a day.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So I'm going to send some of the songs. But if there. If they are helpful but you just don't like these songs or you want a couple more, we could definitely go over that as well.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: Okay. Other than that, you could just listen to Taylor Swift.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure. Why not? She's the most popular one these days.

Speaker A: Yeah. All right. So I think I'm. I'm sending you like five. 505 songs. Yeah. Just because some of these I did for different sounds, and I don't want to accidentally send you one that's like. I don't know, like long e or something. Unless you want me to just send all of them and you could just.

Speaker B: Not right now. I'm fine with. I mean, I'm not saying that I'm perfect with the other vowel sounds, but, yeah, schwa is the most difficult one.

Speaker A: Yeah, they're. They're a little mixed all together. So these ones that I remember specifically are schwa. So go ahead. Maybe like, a couple of those songs. I don't know. And let me know. Yeah, let me know what was helpful. I think those are the main links. So I said schwabis is all. I sent all the readings and I sent the music. So they're there.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Was there anything else off the top of your head that.

Speaker B: No, you were talking about now? I still need to go through the lax, short A, and all those stuff. But those are not that difficult. Yes. I need to get familiar with more words. Or it is, but it's not that difficult.

Speaker A: Fair enough. Yeah. Okay. So those are the main things, I think. Yeah. Like you said schwa going over. That is very helpful, I think. I think schwa is probably not like, the most difficult, but it's the one that's most likely to fall back into old patterns because you. It's so. It's so subtle that your brain kind of is like, oh, I know what's happening, but I don't hear it all the time, so I'm gonna ignore it. But then, like, with T, for example, once I point out, like, okay, this is what's happening with C, people are more likely to notice it day to day, and then kind of make it a habit where schwa kind of just. It resets quite a bit. So that's one reason I keep saying, by the way, if you have time, always practice schwa. Yeah. So if you have time, always practice schwa. All right. Speaking of tea, can you remind me what was happening with T last time

Speaker B: we had gone over the material and we were practicing T, the position of T. So do you want me to summarize?

Speaker A: Yes, if you could summarize, because there were a couple things with T that we worked on. Do you remember which ones they were?

Speaker B: Yes. The position of the tongue, which is on the ovular ridge. And. It's just the tip of the tongue that touches the ovular region, and then the movement is downwards. Right. And that's he. And one thing was. It's not. I Don't know what you. How you described it, but it. I mean, there. There shouldn't be any vibration here. So how do you vocalization.

Speaker A: It's called voicing.

Speaker B: Voicing. Okay. So that wouldn't be there at all. And there's one difference between. I mean, depending on where the T is, there may be differences in how we pronounce. And that's happening mostly because of the air.

Speaker A: Yes. The aspiration.

Speaker B: Right, aspiration. Okay.

Speaker A: And do you remember what the difference was that we worked on?

Speaker B: Yes. So in most cases where the T is in the end, then there is no aspiration.

Speaker A: Very little or none. We'll talk about that. There's a whole page, actually, we're going to go over about T at the end of a word.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. But when it's at the beginning of the word or in the middle, like, would you have a true table? What's happening with the aspiration?

Speaker B: Well, so it's. What's happening with that? So it's like, I have. I was reading the document. So it says you build up certain amount of pressure with your tongue. It's like you're blocking the air with your tongue.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: You let it out.

Speaker A: Yeah. So there are the steps. So step one and step two. Right. Do you remember? No. Okay. So step one, your tongue raises up to the alveolar ridge, not the teeth like you mentioned already up. And then two is releasing it. So it's like it's held there. You have to hold it there now for like a second, very, very, very briefly. But it's totally different. Literally, the milliseconds make all the difference because if you let it down too quickly, you're going to make either a flap sound or it's not going to be aspirated enough. So step one is that it goes up. Step two is that it goes down. So literally just like up, and then you can't hear step one? Yes, the beginning. But yeah, step one is up, step two is down. Right.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: And the reason we're going over that specifically is because there are times where you only use step one.

Speaker B: Oh, okay.

Speaker A: Yes, we'll talk about that. Actually today, if you have time, we might go over talking about it, if that's okay.

Speaker B: Sure. You have time. Yes.

Speaker A: Okay. No, because I just. I don't want to be like, you know those plans you have for breakfast? Cancel those. We're going to be talking about half tea. Yeah. So let me actually share that with you. One thing. If you remember, we did talk about how sometimes you under. Aspirate t so could you tell me what that means?

Speaker B: I don't have that sound. That second step is missing.

Speaker A: The second step isn't missing. It's there, but it's not as sharp as an American T. It's not as. It's not as enough. It's not as much air. So it's kind of very subtle. It's kind of like this, like, whatever at the end of the word when it's not aspirated. Like list. List. Things like that. List Egypt. Things like that. Very subtle. You kind of use that at the beginning. So it's very lightly aspirated. So remember when you are practicing a true T, to really, really aspirate it, like to. Today.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Tomorrow. Things like that. And you could really feel the air, like, all the way from here.

Speaker B: Isn't that too much?

Speaker A: I'm being a little dramatic. But you do want to make sure that it's there. It's better in English to have too much aspiration than not enough when it comes to sound. Like true T, especially at the beginning of a word. Okay, so any questions on true tea before we dive into the next thing?

Speaker B: Something that I remember you mentioned last day. I had some. In some cases, my T sounded like D because of the voicing.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So that. I'm not sure how to correct that.

Speaker A: Sometimes it sounds like D at the beginning of the word, though. The main thing I want you to work on right now is aspirating and making sure you have. Like today.

Speaker B: Today.

Speaker A: Yeah. The thing. The reason I beat so dramatic is because when you are really dramatic, when you practice, let's say you root up to, like, 140. You're not going to keep that. Would you actually go in the wild when you're actually talking? Whatever you practice, it's going to be lower. So let's say you want it at this level, Right. If you practice it at that level, you're naturally going to go lower. If you practice it really dramatically, it's going to lower to the level you actually want. One second.

Speaker B: Yes, I can see somebody.

Speaker A: That's just my teacher assistant, my little ta. All right, let me try to find. Okay. Final stops. It's under stop consonants.

Speaker B: Okay. What do I have to do?

Speaker A: Stop consonants. Final stops. I just shared it with you just now, so you might have to refresh your page, but if you could open the worksheet for that.

Speaker B: Sure. Okay. What is it called again?

Speaker A: Final steps.

Speaker B: Final stops. Yes. Okay. Got it. Yes, I'm there.

Speaker A: Perfect. Can you read the explanation?

Speaker B: One second. Yes, I can. Let's read it at the end of some words or syllables. Some plosive consonants such as T, D, P, B, K, and G are often unreleased.

Speaker A: Okay, so unreleased. What is that? That's when we don't use step two. Okay, so remind me what the steps are.

Speaker B: Okay. Step one is you touch the tongue, tip of the tongue goes up to the ovula. And second step is you. I mean, it comes back down. Like you lower.

Speaker A: Yes. And all stop sounds do this.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: All of them. Oh. So we already went over T and D. Right. So T and D, they're doing the same exact thing. The only difference is the voicing. But T and D, they both go up to the top and at the alveolar ridge.

Speaker B: We didn't do D, by the way.

Speaker A: I think we briefly talked about it. So the only difference between T and D is the voicing. Okay, we'll. We'll go over D. But if you remember T and D, the only difference is the voicing. So when it comes to them being a stop sound, they're doing the same exact thing in the mouth where they go up and down, Same exact spot, same exact movement, same speed, all of that. So if you make a T sound, go ahead.

Speaker B: Okay. I don't know if it is.

Speaker A: Make a D sound next to it. So.

Speaker B: Okay, I see the difference. Yeah, it's clear. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. So same thing is happening up here. Different things happening here. Right?

Speaker B: Okay. Yes.

Speaker A: So T and D, it's going to have that same thing. What about when you make a P sound?

Speaker B: Yeah, it also has this airing. How do you do that? It's with the lips.

Speaker A: Yes. T and D, we stop the air with the tip of the tongue. P and B, it's with the lips, like you mentioned. So T and D, it goes up and down. That's step one, step two, step one and step two. With P,

Speaker B: it's like you close the lips and then release them.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's literally it. So. Like that. That's literally step one, close your mouth. Step step two, open your mouth. So what about B?

Speaker B: B, B. How do you pronounce the B side?

Speaker A: So

Speaker B: it doesn't have the earring.

Speaker A: Sorry.

Speaker B: Like that ear.

Speaker A: It's definitely less aspirated, but it's still there. So all of these sounds are going to be aspirated. Just the voiced ones, like T and D. T and D, the voiced and voiceless pair. T is going to be more than D, because when you voice the sound, it's less aspirated. So, like, P is very aspirated. B Not as much, but it's still there. Okay, so step one is step two for T. Tip of the tongue. Step one is step two for P. The lips K and G are a little more difficult to recognize. But let's see what happens with K sound. So

Speaker B: it's also aspirated, but I do it with the back of the tongue.

Speaker A: Yes, exactly. So what is step. What is step two?

Speaker B: So you touch the upper pelvate with the back of the tongue and then lower the tongue.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. And lower the tongue. But also there's a bit of jaw movement. If you could see. It's like.

Speaker B: Right?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. We're going to go over these individually, by the way. But since we're doing world of T, we I want to focus on how T coordinates with this. So we're going to do a little bit of COVID but mostly our focus is going to be T. So step one and step two for all these sounds is stopping the air, releasing the air. That's it. We do it with different parts, whether it's the lips, tip or back of the tongue. But it's all the same general idea. And when it's unreleased, you only do step one. Okay, so unreleased. I'm going to refer to this in different ways just because I've had students give it different names. So it's kind of. It's all there. So like a half tea, unreleased T, stop T. It's all the same thing. So if you hear me, like going along and I'm like, okay, this is the unreleased T. And then later I'm like, okay, what does the stop T sound like? It's the same thing. Just so you know, because I've had some students be like, wait, what's the stop T? That's different. We were doing half teas and I'm just like, it's the same. Don't worry about it. Okay. Any questions on that?

Speaker B: No, not so far.

Speaker A: Go ahead and read the next paragraph.

Speaker B: Yes, we can think of plosive consonants as two part sound. The first part is the sudden stop of airflow, which causes a buildup of pressure in the mouth. And the second part is release of the air that was cut off. If a plosive consonant is unreleased, the mouth closes to make the sound as it normally would, but it doesn't release the puff of air at the end.

Speaker A: Yeah, basically what we said. Can you read the next part? It gives an example.

Speaker B: Yes. For example, in map, the airflow stops at the end of the word wheat, the formation of P. But P is not released Uhhuh. Yes. The same is true for dad. Uhhuh. D in the beginning is different and the end is different here, dad. Right?

Speaker A: Yes, but it's. We're going to talk about the different kinds of different.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay, go ahead and keep reading.

Speaker B: The. The airflow is stopped when the tongue comes up for the final D inside the mouth, but the air isn't released afterwards like it is in Daddy.

Speaker A: So what this is saying is we're not going to release it. We're going to have those half sounds, stop sounds, unreleased sounds, whatever you want to call them. So in the word map, I'm using P because it's very visual. You could see it pretty well if you have a stop sound, one of the ones we talked about. If you have one of these sounds at the end of the word after a vowel, you will not release it. Okay, so you could see I'm going to use the word cat, for example. Cat. Cat, cat. I don't know if you could see this at all, but my tongue is going up. It's stopping. It's not being released at all. So I'm not saying cat. There's no cat. It's a cat. Cat, cat. My tongue goes up. It stays on the alveolar ridge.

Speaker B: Cat, cat.

Speaker A: So when you make the sound, you should be able to feel that your tongue is still on your alveolar ridge. Yeah. So you can feel. Go, cat, cat. So not cat, cat, cat. Keep your tongue on your alveolar ridge. Cat, cat, cat. So you can. You might be able to feel a little bit, but you are aspirating just a bit.

Speaker B: I am?

Speaker A: Yes. So you're having a little tiny bit of step two.

Speaker B: Like, what do you do there? Like, you just kind of just stay there.

Speaker A: It does. It stays there. Stays there. Cat.

Speaker B: Like, for how long after you. Forever.

Speaker A: Forever. Well, until you have to talk again, obviously. But cat, Cat, cat.

Speaker B: Okay. Cat. Okay, hold on. Cat. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Yes. So it's not aspirated at all with a vowel. If it's after a consonant, like in the word list, it's lightly released. So like Egypt. Like there's a pt, S, T, something like that consonant, and then T, it's released, except for a couple consonants we'll talk about. But for the most part, if it's with a vowel, nothing. This sometimes is a little easier to practice with P, just because you could do like a mirror practice. You could see it. You can make sure that you visually don't let your lips go into stage two. So, for example, map, you could see okay. My lips are not doing anything. You could see it. So that is sometimes a little bit easier to start with, just. Because when you could visually see it, it might be a little easier to control.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So I want you to try because we're doing the world of T, but if T is being a little bit difficult, go back and try with P and B. Those can be a little bit easier just to get the concept and then move on to T. Got it. If that makes sense.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: All right, so just to review, where is your tongue going to be for T and a stop sound?

Speaker B: It's going to be. It's going to touch the alveolar ridge. That's it.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So resist the urge to go with a stage two.

Speaker B: I have never even noticed that before. So.

Speaker A: Yeah. And sometimes people are like, oh, no. Then it's just the T is not there. It's still there. It's just a half sound. So, for example, if I say ca. Ca. No T at all. Cah. I'm not saying ca. I'm saying cat.

Speaker B: Cat.

Speaker A: So there's the three. Cat.

Speaker B: Cat.

Speaker A: Cat.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Middle one.

Speaker B: Yes. Cat. I cannot resist that.

Speaker A: All right, we're going to go ahead and wrap up there. There are a few other things to it we're going to come back to. But I just wanted to introduce the basic idea and why we're going over step one and step two. Because I kept going like, oh, we're going to use that later. We're going to use that later. I just wanted to give you a little bit of an idea of what we're going to use it for. We're in the later.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: I want you to start practicing that. Like I said, you can. If T is being a little bit difficult, and it usually is, you could go back and practice with P because you could visually see it. And I definitely do recommend mere practices for this, which means that you kind of just have a set of words and you watch yourself say it. Yeah. One more thing to note. This is how people usually speak in normal English. This is how I usually say it. But you sometimes will hear it aspirated, which means sometimes you'll hear it with step two in certain situations. So sometimes somebody on the news might do this. They're trying to speak very clearly. They'll say, there were 10 cats. There was a cat in a tree today. However, like, they're trying to speak very formally. Maybe you'll hear it in a very important speech. Or if somebody's really trying to emphasis. Emphasize something like, no, I Don't want that cat anywhere near me. Something like that. Like if it's being really stressed or you're trying to speak very fancy, you might hear it, you might hear somebody just randomly, but for the most part this, this is pretty noticeable. If you do it every single time when you're speaking, people might not notice, like, oh, you're aspirating the T at the end of the word when there is a vowel preceding it. But they're going to notice like, okay, there's something going on. So if, if you do it all the time, it's going to be pretty noticeable. But now that you notice it, you're going to hear that people, for the most part they don't aspirate, but once in a while you're going to hear it.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: If that makes sense. A bit of a rat there, but yeah, that's the general idea. That's why step one and step two are so important. That's the situation. We're going to come back to it. So please practice the first part. Let me know if you have any questions before next time as well.

Speaker B: Yes, sure. One observation is the word cat. The letter C is not pronounced as. It's a bit different. Like it's like almost K. Yeah.

Speaker A: Actually C does not have its own sound in English. It's either a S, like in my name Simaril, or it's a K like in cat. It doesn't actually do its own thing, it's a copycat. Haha. Yeah. So there are certain times where it's an S, but most of the time it's going to be a K. So when it does come to stop sounds, by the way, that kind of leads into the next thing it's talking about, stop sounds. So when a C makes a K sound, it counts as a K. So if you ever see something where it's like oh, K will not be pronounced at the end of the word, even if it's spelled with a C, it's still cats as K. So if we're going off the end of the word, how would you say. This word? Just the first word that popped in my head.

Speaker B: A vote.

Speaker A: Yes. So be careful because even though there's an E at the end, what's the last sound?

Speaker B: T. Yes.

Speaker A: So we're going by the last sound, not the spelling. So you're still not going to aspirate T, you're still going to say vote. Vote. Yes.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: You're still going to say vote instead of vote even though it's at the end of the Word. So another thing is a word like this. How would you say that?

Speaker B: Thought.

Speaker A: Yeah. Thought.

Speaker B: Oh, wow. Okay.

Speaker A: Thought. Even though there's a gh right before it, the GH is silent, so it doesn't really count. It's there spelling wise, but pronunciation wise, it's still t after a vowel because you're not actually pronouncing anything. So when it comes to pronunciation, there's a vowel. Like, it's. You're pronouncing the O, u, and then the t. So you're still not going to aspirate it. So just be careful of English spelling when you are practicing these. So some. Some students are like, oh, I practice it. And I'm like, okay, how do you say thought? And they're like, oh, you pronounce that because there's that h there.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Absolutely not. The spelling is very misleading. So just be careful of that when you do start practicing those.

Speaker B: Yes. And I have one second observation.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: That is, you're very gentle with your cat.

Speaker A: My cat. She's mostly gentle with me, so she deserves it. Yeah, she's been very loving. Like, on the first day, she was like, who are you? I don't recognize you anymore. And then she started being like, I'm just in the same room as you because I want to be here. You can pet me if you want. Like, the day after, she's like, okay, we're best friends again.

Speaker B: Now she wants your attention. Looks like that. Yeah.

Speaker A: She's taking a nap. It's okay. All right. If you have any other questions, let me know. If not, do a mere practice. Don't get caught up in English spelling. And. And I'll see you next time.

Speaker B: Yes, see you next time. Take care. Yeah, you. So bye now.

