Transcript for: Recording__1042.mp4
Title: Recording #1042
============================================================

Me something last month and that gave you some hope. It was a lie. So I don't trust anything or anyone ever again. Yeah, I understand you. Yeah, basically. All right. Regarding class though, since Skype is going to be done so unfortunately in a little bit, just remember to go ahead message me on teams. We don't have to use teams until Skype is gone. I do not like teams. But since Skype is in hospice, we do have to start switching over a little bit. Yeah, team sounds too much like work. Well, I don't know the alternative. I mean, it's not like I can go give in person classes. Yeah, that didn't look better. Not happening. We could have longer discussions before starting. Oh, okay. Yeah. Are you gonna play for pay for my plane tickets? Well, that's why I was thinking that maybe we could have an in person class in Qatar. That would be wonderful. I mean I teach all day Saturday. Yeah, yeah. Unfortunately it's when everyone else probably I should have is when I'm not free. Yeah, yeah, probably I should have planned a little bit earlier. Maybe I should have told you the day I arrived or the it before so that you could have some time or you should have just been there for like a month. There wasn't snow over there, so. All right, let's. Let's go ahead and dive right into this class though. So I want to go ahead and review a little bit. So how do you feel about World of Tea? I feel like I have gone through a lot of materials but I have been really bad student not to look back and then, you know, take my own time to learn about them. So how do you generally study besides with the materials I sent? So when do you really. And not just study, I don't mean sit down and think about it and try to figure it out and go here's the rules or quiz yourself. I mean, when do you work with the language? This can be even saying like oh yeah, for flap t I try to listen for when other people use the sound anything like that. Yes. Yeah, well, that happens sometimes. But I don't remember everything that we are discussing in the class. Maybe I'll catch one thing. For example, I really like the thumb pronunciation and I th e all of those things and also, you know, long e. So sometimes I tend to observe these things when I speak. And yeah, sometimes probably I also practice, let's say I'm taking a walk and then I'll just practice whatever is coming to my mind or that's all that doesn't happen for a very long Time, but happens once in a while. What do you mean? You'll practice when you're on your walk. Like, you'll be on your walk and you'll just be like, what were the rules for flap T and glottal again? No, no, no. Okay, so I probably remember the conversation that I just had, right. Maybe the same day. And like, okay, so that's how I should have pronounced it. Do you then pronounce it that way? Try to. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Just. Just making sure that you're not silently on this walk. Like, darn, I should have said it this way. With water. Yeah. Or sometimes I would observe how other people are saying it and that would ring a bell. So, yeah, for example, yesterday at the gym, I noticed, I mean, the word probably, I'll do it wrong right now. Sure. Yes, I know we had a discussion about that very long time ago, but still, now I don't do it properly, which when I suare. Sure, sure. Yeah, yeah. So it's a schwa R right there. Some people say it schwa R. Some people say it like, sure. It's weird. Yeah, well, so I just heard someone saying that word and I was like, okay, this sounds more like how I should do it. I mean, some people say sure, some people say sure. It really doesn't matter which one. Sure, sure, sure with no vowel at all. Sure, sure, sure for sure has an o sound in it, right? Like, are you sure? Are you sure that's what you want to do? So that's really not. I mean, if that's a personal goal, go ahead and go for it, but you can go ahead and integrate it. Well, I would say maybe keywords and key times would be helpful. So is that something that we've talked about before? Alright, so keywords and key times mean that you look at the practice sheet for a specific thing. So schwa are you mentioned schwa R. Like, sure, look at the practice sheet for schwa are, for example, and pick out some more. Say, okay, here are some words with schwa R. Here are some words where I use these words all the time. I say sure, I say sure, work and word all the time. So I'm going to take those three and those are going to be my keywords. Every single time I say these three words, I'm going to make sure I'm saying them correctly. I think this would be especially helpful for a new sound like flap or th because it helps you integrate the muscle memory. It helps make sure that you are paying attention to how your mouth is moving. Like when we go over it in class. So, for example, the word notice. You use the word notice quite a bit. I'm not sure if you've noticed it, but you say notice a lot, so. Really? Well, not a lot a lot. It's not like all the time, but I think at least like once a class. Notice every other class because I observe a lot probably. So pick a word. Say maybe like water, notice, and butter. Let's say those are three words that you use a lot. They all have flap T in them. Water, notice, butter, for example. And say every single time I say water, notice or butter, I'm going to make sure that I pronounce the flap T correctly. I'm going to make sure I'm paying attention to what's happening in the mouth. So how does flap T work? How does it move? I. I totally forgot, but it sounds like a D. It sounds like a D, but fast. That's what it is. Right. So remember, with D sound, you go up, you hold in the air, you release the air. It's so fast with flap that you do not hold any air in the first place. So instead of water, it's water, no aspiration. And it sounds pretty similar. But if you were to use D instead of flap in all of these situations, it would definitely add up. You know what? I forgot the difference in how we pronounce D and T. D is just voice. T is not voice. Correct. They're a voice to voiceless pair, which means other than voice and one being voiced and one being unvoiced, they are the same. Got it. Okay. Got it, Got it. Yes. So that. And then also, you know, sometimes I think about how I'm pronouncing those stop sounds. Sure. So it's like K, like all those things. Sometimes I pronounce and then I think, oh, did I really pronounce it? Sometimes I'd be confused. I'm not sure what I'm exactly doing, but sometimes I doubt myself that probably this is not native. This didn't sound native at all. This probably had a lot of accent. Okay. So, you know. Yeah, those thoughts. Well, I recommend, since we're working on multiple sounds that you need to practice when it comes to T, you know, glottal flap th. Things like that. One, we can keep working together in class, but two, you can switch up your target. So what I mean by that is, let's say on Fridays you could say, okay, every single Friday, I'm going to use the keywords from flap, water, butter, notice those ones be like on Friday I'm going to use the flap. I'm going to notice those. And then on Wednesday, I'm going to use schwa. And then on Friday, I'm going to use th. Whatever it is, switch it up every so often, be like, okay, I'm going to use these five words for flap. And throughout the day, I'm going to make sure I say these ones perfectly. Another thing that can help is key times. And what that means is that if you have a regular time when you speak to someone, let's say you go to work and you're like, okay, for the first 10 minutes of work, I'm just chatting and gossiping with my co workers. Whatever it is you say, okay, for these five to 10 minutes, I'm going to pay attention to every single instance of flap or glottal or th, or whatever it is. So one thing at a time. You cannot think about every little thing all of the time. Pick a certain time, think about one. If you're comfortable with one, you can move on to two. I won't stop you. But start out with one and pay attention to how you pronounce it. And other people. So you could say, okay, I'm going to pay attention to every single th. I'm going to make sure I say other, and I'm going to hear that this other person says, close with a Z instead of a th and be like, okay, that's new. So you're going to pay attention to how other people speak and how you speak with every instance of this sound. So those are the two things that can be helpful, depending on the students. Sometimes I've heard they prefer one over the other. Sometimes they say, well, I just picked my keywords and now I say those ones, fine, but all the other ones are still bad. And then I've heard some students say, I picked my keywords and it helped me practice the muscle memory and awareness. And now I can pay attention to other words better. So if you pick some keywords with flap this week and then you change it up next week, and you're slowly getting more and more. It should, in theory, help muscle memory. Some people say that it only helps those words. So see what works for you. Try key times. Try keywords as you're practicing, and then let me know what you prefer and how it's working. Sure. And seem. I mean, what should be our strategy from here? I think because I'm not investing that much time, I'm making progress slower. Yeah, so that's one. One thing is just talking about how to Invest more time without sitting down and taking time away from other things. So key times and key words. The key there is that you're doing it along with everyday life. You aren't changing anything you do. You're just changing your mindset. So, yeah, it's not like me giving you a document and saying, make sure to read this. Well, you don't always have time to sit down and spend 20 minutes on a document. Right. Or whatever it is. So with this one, let's try to see how this works. Because it's integration rather than homework. Exactly. Yeah. No, that's a. That's definitely something I can do if I'm more mindful, that's all. Yeah, yeah, I know what you're going to say, because you see. Oh, yeah, what am I gonna say? Mindful and demure. I wasn't thinking that. But now I am. You know who's super severe, actually? Who? Yeah, yeah, definitely. Exactly. He's over here shedding all over me. Very mindful, very demure. All right. Okay. So same in terms of our action plan from here. What do you think? Except for me practicing. What do you think we should do from here? Because I still. See, I used to think that we have covered a lot. We have. Still, there are so many more things that you need to do. So what will be the most effective way of going ahead about this? What I want to try going forward is staying on World of T for another minute and doing some awareness practices together. Having you do some awareness practices separately. Because right now, as you said, we did cover the materials. So once we get used to the rules, you know, how do you pronounce Thomas, for example? You'll know how th feels, how it works, and then that's the main step. So being able to describe the sound, being familiar with how the sound feels. We can go ahead and review those, do some awareness practices ourselves and see which ones are most helpful. Okay. And at this time, you don't recommend that we go into anything new? Not for the next couple classes. I want to give you some time with the keywords, key times, maybe some other awareness practices. But you're really. I really want to get you focused on the sounds outside of class so that you do make that progress that you want to make. Right. And that's the only way to make it, is to integrate it as much as possible. Got it. One last question. I know I'm. Consuming the time of the class is. Let's say. I mean, how long did it take for the best student you ever had to learn? It properly. See, that's a difficult question, because I've had a few very good students. One that comes to mind was a Russian speaker who, even to this day, he still has an accent. So. But when I started out with him, he wasn't completely fluent in English. Even so he. He made the best progress, I would say. But he also was kind of a workaholic and studied for hours a week. So he would study the rules. He would do integration practices, and he had conversation partners, like his friends. He would sit down and be like, okay, this is the sound I'm working on. If I pronounce th wrong, correct me. Like, just with his friends. So he was really on top of it. The other. I also had a really good student, but she kind of cheated because she was a violinist. She played the violin, which I'm not sure if you're familiar with the idea that if you're a musical person, you're used to controlling your voice, and you're listening for the change in tones and the change in sounds. So usually they're pretty good at awareness because they have to listen to how the violin sounds change. So then they're able to listen to their voice. So actually, listening to, like, classical music and music without any lyrics can be very helpful for intonation practice, by the way. Oh, if that's even a practice that you'd be interested in, just listening to classical music and trying to listen to how it changes going up and down. I also had a student who. She didn't study too much. She worked full time, and she was going to school, so she didn't have too much time to study. But what she did to improve is she was pretty good with awareness. And we did a lot of practice where I had her describe the sound. And we did a lot of awareness practices in class. And what she ended up doing, she really liked the keywords. And it was a situation where she would have some keywords where she would pronounced like th, and then she ended up pronouncing th well, in general. And then it just spread to the rest of the words like wildfire. Another thing she did was that she had a journal where she would write down questions about English during the week. So she would say. She would write down a word, and then she sent me, like, four to five words at the beginning of every class and say. How do you say this? Please break down why we're saying it this way. So. So those are kind of the best methods I've seen. Depending on your learning style, I would say she wouldn't have improved if she had the same approach as my Russian student who just sat down and studied and tried to memorize the rules. She was not a rule memorizer. That would bog down her brain. She had to have the self awareness and listen and then the patterns had to be more subconscious for her. So it's really different for everyone. And then vice versa. Of course he had to memorize things and he liked keeping those in his mind as he was speaking. And he, he was a computer science guy. So like obviously with the math and patterns and everything. Right. So it really, really depends. So that's why I want to try different things out because I. There are very few methods that would work for every student, so nothing works for everyone, which is what we're really getting on. Yeah, no, I'll have to start now doing the things that you suggested and also probably take some time to do some revisions, which I'm not doing. Probably I'm. I can do now because. Because I'm back to the normal schedule. Yeah, yeah. So yeah, keywords, definitely. I would say use those. So that's paying attention when you say it and then also thinking of sentences to say it in. So for example, if your keywords are notice water and butter every day, like while you're walking, while you're. And I only laugh because sometimes I talk when I walk, trying to figure things out and then I get weird looks. But if you're walking and you're thinking of your keywords, water, notice butter, then say, okay, I'm going to say these in a row, water, notice, butter. And then I'm going to use them each in a sentence or play around with it. You're going to use each in a sentence. You're going to try to think of a sentence that uses all of them. I noticed the water was next to the butter, whatever it is. So play around with the words as well and try to notice exactly how you pronounce them when you use them naturally. So I would say keywords and then key times and key times. And of course, key times is where you pay attention to every single instance of a specific sound within five to 10 minutes. I would say start with five, go to 10, and do that multiple times a week. So keywords are every day and then key times. Let's start with like two or three times a week. Okay. And keyword. The concept is basically just pick a few words with the same sound or different sounds can also. You can use different sounds, but it could get a little overwhelming if you try to use them all the time. So if you want to work on th and flap, let's say those are your two goals here. I would say use your keywords for flap, Monday, Wednesday, Friday, use the keywords for th, you know, Saturday, Sunday, and then give yourself a break the rest of the week. You know, as an example, or make sure that you don't get too many. Maybe try 2 of each instead of 5 of each or something like that. So, and of course, if you are doing th, make sure that you have a good mix of voiced and voiceless th. So, key times, keywords. And then another thing, like I said, some of my students have found it pretty helpful to have, like, you know, a journal. Write down questions about English as it comes up. Write down specific words. Maybe you notice somebody said a word that you thought it was pronounced a different way. Maybe you pronounce a word and you're like, is that right? And even just asking, okay, is this word right? It just leads to more awareness, which is the main thing. So you can say, my goal is to find two or three words throughout the week that I have a question on. So those are the three things that help the most. Of course, you're probably going to like one more than the other. That's just how it is. So try all three of these next week or two, and then let me know how it's going, which keywords you're using and what you ended up doing. For key times. Yeah, for the journal. I'm supposed to make a journal for my work, personal life. No, just write a journal. Like, write down your questions in that language. Write down different words. Like I said, her journal was that she would write down. She also had some grammar she wanted to work on. So she would write down a sentence, and then she would ask me, is this right? Is this how you would say it? With you? It wouldn't really be grammar, because that's not a thing you have an issue with, really. But write down to where to be. Like, is it programmer or programmer or, you know, whatever it is. Got it. Okay. All right. Yeah. Sounds good. Yep. Or even write down a journal of words that you're having difficulty with. Be like, you know, I tried doing my key times. I tried paying attention to every single th, but this word and this word I'm still struggling with. So you might have every single word in th. Perfect. Except for these two. You're going to write that in your journal. Got it? Okay. So sure. Yep. Sounds good. All right. Perfect. As soon as you know your keywords, type those over to me, I'd be interested in what you pick. So I would say maybe keywords for flap and th this week, trying it different alternating days, and then we'll see how that went. All right, go ahead. Send those to me, and we'll talk about more awareness practices next time. Okay. All right. See you later then. Yeah. All right. Take care. Bye. Now it.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Me something last month and that gave you some hope. It was a lie. So I don't trust anything or anyone ever again.

Speaker B: Yeah, I understand you.

Speaker A: Yeah, basically. All right. Regarding class though, since Skype is going to be done so unfortunately in a little bit, just remember to go ahead message me on teams. We don't have to use teams until Skype is gone. I do not like teams. But since Skype is in hospice, we do have to start switching over a little bit.

Speaker B: Yeah, team sounds too much like work.

Speaker A: Well, I don't know the alternative. I mean, it's not like I can go give in person classes.

Speaker B: Yeah, that didn't look better.

Speaker A: Not happening.

Speaker B: We could have longer discussions before starting.

Speaker A: Oh, okay. Yeah. Are you gonna play for pay for my plane tickets?

Speaker B: Well, that's why I was thinking that maybe we could have an in person class in Qatar. That would be wonderful.

Speaker A: I mean I teach all day Saturday.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Unfortunately it's when everyone else probably I should have is when I'm not free.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, probably I should have planned a little bit earlier. Maybe I should have told you the day I arrived or the it before so that you could have some time

Speaker A: or you should have just been there for like a month. There wasn't snow over there, so. All right, let's. Let's go ahead and dive right into this class though. So I want to go ahead and review a little bit. So how do you feel about World of Tea?

Speaker B: I feel like I have gone through a lot of materials but I have been really bad student not to look back and then, you know, take my own time to learn about them.

Speaker A: So how do you generally study besides with the materials I sent? So when do you really. And not just study, I don't mean sit down and think about it and try to figure it out and go here's the rules or quiz yourself. I mean, when do you work with the language? This can be even saying like oh yeah, for flap t I try to listen for when other people use the sound anything like that. Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah, well, that happens sometimes. But I don't remember everything that we are discussing in the class. Maybe I'll catch one thing. For example, I really like the thumb pronunciation and I th e all of those things and also, you know, long e. So sometimes I tend to observe these things when I speak. And yeah, sometimes probably I also practice, let's say I'm taking a walk and then I'll just practice whatever is coming to my mind or that's all that doesn't happen for a very long Time, but happens once in a while.

Speaker A: What do you mean? You'll practice when you're on your walk. Like, you'll be on your walk and you'll just be like, what were the rules for flap T and glottal again?

Speaker B: No, no, no. Okay, so I probably remember the conversation that I just had, right. Maybe the same day. And like, okay, so that's how I should have pronounced it.

Speaker A: Do you then pronounce it that way?

Speaker B: Try to. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Just. Just making sure that you're not silently on this walk. Like, darn, I should have said it this way. With water.

Speaker B: Yeah. Or sometimes I would observe how other people are saying it and that would ring a bell. So, yeah, for example, yesterday at the gym, I noticed, I mean, the word probably, I'll do it wrong right now. Sure. Yes, I know we had a discussion about that very long time ago, but still, now I don't do it properly, which when I suare.

Speaker A: Sure, sure.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. So it's a schwa R right there.

Speaker A: Some people say it schwa R. Some people say it like, sure. It's weird.

Speaker B: Yeah, well, so I just heard someone saying that word and I was like, okay, this sounds more like how I should do it.

Speaker A: I mean, some people say sure, some people say sure. It really doesn't matter which one. Sure, sure, sure with no vowel at all. Sure, sure, sure for sure has an o sound in it, right? Like, are you sure? Are you sure that's what you want to do? So that's really not. I mean, if that's a personal goal, go ahead and go for it, but you can go ahead and integrate it. Well, I would say maybe keywords and key times would be helpful. So is that something that we've talked about before? Alright, so keywords and key times mean that you look at the practice sheet for a specific thing. So schwa are you mentioned schwa R. Like, sure, look at the practice sheet for schwa are, for example, and pick out some more. Say, okay, here are some words with schwa R. Here are some words where I use these words all the time. I say sure, I say sure, work and word all the time. So I'm going to take those three and those are going to be my keywords. Every single time I say these three words, I'm going to make sure I'm saying them correctly. I think this would be especially helpful for a new sound like flap or th because it helps you integrate the muscle memory. It helps make sure that you are paying attention to how your mouth is moving. Like when we go over it in class. So, for example, the word notice. You use the word notice quite a bit. I'm not sure if you've noticed it, but you say notice a lot, so.

Speaker B: Really?

Speaker A: Well, not a lot a lot. It's not like all the time, but I think at least like once a class.

Speaker B: Notice every other class because I observe a lot probably.

Speaker A: So pick a word. Say maybe like water, notice, and butter. Let's say those are three words that you use a lot. They all have flap T in them. Water, notice, butter, for example. And say every single time I say water, notice or butter, I'm going to make sure that I pronounce the flap T correctly. I'm going to make sure I'm paying attention to what's happening in the mouth. So how does flap T work? How does it move?

Speaker B: I. I totally forgot, but it sounds

Speaker A: like a D. It sounds like a D, but fast. That's what it is.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: So remember, with D sound, you go up, you hold in the air, you release the air. It's so fast with flap that you do not hold any air in the first place. So instead of water, it's water, no aspiration. And it sounds pretty similar. But if you were to use D instead of flap in all of these situations, it would definitely add up.

Speaker B: You know what? I forgot the difference in how we pronounce D and T. D is just voice. T is not voice.

Speaker A: Correct. They're a voice to voiceless pair, which means other than voice and one being voiced and one being unvoiced, they are the same.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. Got it, Got it. Yes. So that. And then also, you know, sometimes I think about how I'm pronouncing those stop sounds.

Speaker A: Sure.

Speaker B: So it's like K, like all those things. Sometimes I pronounce and then I think, oh, did I really pronounce it? Sometimes I'd be confused. I'm not sure what I'm exactly doing, but sometimes I doubt myself that probably this is not native. This didn't sound native at all. This probably had a lot of accent.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So, you know. Yeah, those thoughts.

Speaker A: Well, I recommend, since we're working on multiple sounds that you need to practice when it comes to T, you know, glottal flap th. Things like that. One, we can keep working together in class, but two, you can switch up your target. So what I mean by that is, let's say on Fridays you could say, okay, every single Friday, I'm going to use the keywords from flap, water, butter, notice those ones be like on Friday I'm going to use the flap. I'm going to notice those. And then on Wednesday, I'm going to use schwa. And then on Friday, I'm going to use th. Whatever it is, switch it up every so often, be like, okay, I'm going to use these five words for flap. And throughout the day, I'm going to make sure I say these ones perfectly. Another thing that can help is key times. And what that means is that if you have a regular time when you speak to someone, let's say you go to work and you're like, okay, for the first 10 minutes of work, I'm just chatting and gossiping with my co workers. Whatever it is you say, okay, for these five to 10 minutes, I'm going to pay attention to every single instance of flap or glottal or th, or whatever it is. So one thing at a time. You cannot think about every little thing all of the time. Pick a certain time, think about one. If you're comfortable with one, you can move on to two. I won't stop you. But start out with one and pay attention to how you pronounce it. And other people. So you could say, okay, I'm going to pay attention to every single th. I'm going to make sure I say other, and I'm going to hear that this other person says, close with a Z instead of a th and be like, okay, that's new. So you're going to pay attention to how other people speak and how you speak with every instance of this sound. So those are the two things that can be helpful, depending on the students. Sometimes I've heard they prefer one over the other. Sometimes they say, well, I just picked my keywords and now I say those ones, fine, but all the other ones are still bad. And then I've heard some students say, I picked my keywords and it helped me practice the muscle memory and awareness. And now I can pay attention to other words better. So if you pick some keywords with flap this week and then you change it up next week, and you're slowly getting more and more. It should, in theory, help muscle memory. Some people say that it only helps those words. So see what works for you. Try key times. Try keywords as you're practicing, and then let me know what you prefer and how it's working.

Speaker B: Sure. And seem. I mean, what should be our strategy from here? I think because I'm not investing that much time, I'm making progress slower.

Speaker A: Yeah, so that's one. One thing is just talking about how to Invest more time without sitting down and taking time away from other things. So key times and key words. The key there is that you're doing it along with everyday life. You aren't changing anything you do. You're just changing your mindset. So, yeah, it's not like me giving you a document and saying, make sure to read this. Well, you don't always have time to sit down and spend 20 minutes on a document. Right. Or whatever it is. So with this one, let's try to see how this works. Because it's integration rather than homework.

Speaker B: Exactly. Yeah. No, that's a. That's definitely something I can do if I'm more mindful, that's all. Yeah, yeah, I know what you're going to say, because you see.

Speaker A: Oh, yeah, what am I gonna say?

Speaker B: Mindful and demure.

Speaker A: I wasn't thinking that. But now I am. You know who's super severe, actually?

Speaker B: Who? Yeah, yeah, definitely.

Speaker A: Exactly. He's over here shedding all over me. Very mindful, very demure. All right.

Speaker B: Okay. So same in terms of our action plan from here. What do you think? Except for me practicing. What do you think we should do from here? Because I still. See, I used to think that we have covered a lot. We have. Still, there are so many more things that you need to do. So what will be the most effective way of going ahead about this?

Speaker A: What I want to try going forward is staying on World of T for another minute and doing some awareness practices together. Having you do some awareness practices separately. Because right now, as you said, we did cover the materials. So once we get used to the rules, you know, how do you pronounce Thomas, for example? You'll know how th feels, how it works, and then that's the main step. So being able to describe the sound, being familiar with how the sound feels. We can go ahead and review those, do some awareness practices ourselves and see which ones are most helpful.

Speaker B: Okay. And at this time, you don't recommend that we go into anything new?

Speaker A: Not for the next couple classes. I want to give you some time with the keywords, key times, maybe some other awareness practices. But you're really. I really want to get you focused on the sounds outside of class so that you do make that progress that you want to make. Right. And that's the only way to make it, is to integrate it as much as possible.

Speaker B: Got it. One last question. I know I'm. Consuming the time of the class is. Let's say. I mean, how long did it take for the best student you ever had to learn? It properly.

Speaker A: See, that's a difficult question, because I've had a few very good students. One that comes to mind was a Russian speaker who, even to this day, he still has an accent. So. But when I started out with him, he wasn't completely fluent in English. Even so he. He made the best progress, I would say. But he also was kind of a workaholic and studied for hours a week. So he would study the rules. He would do integration practices, and he had conversation partners, like his friends. He would sit down and be like, okay, this is the sound I'm working on. If I pronounce th wrong, correct me. Like, just with his friends. So he was really on top of it. The other. I also had a really good student, but she kind of cheated because she was a violinist. She played the violin, which I'm not sure if you're familiar with the idea that if you're a musical person, you're used to controlling your voice, and you're listening for the change in tones and the change in sounds. So usually they're pretty good at awareness because they have to listen to how the violin sounds change. So then they're able to listen to their voice. So actually, listening to, like, classical music and music without any lyrics can be very helpful for intonation practice, by the way. Oh, if that's even a practice that you'd be interested in, just listening to classical music and trying to listen to how it changes going up and down. I also had a student who. She didn't study too much. She worked full time, and she was going to school, so she didn't have too much time to study. But what she did to improve is she was pretty good with awareness. And we did a lot of practice where I had her describe the sound. And we did a lot of awareness practices in class. And what she ended up doing, she really liked the keywords. And it was a situation where she would have some keywords where she would pronounced like th, and then she ended up pronouncing th well, in general. And then it just spread to the rest of the words like wildfire. Another thing she did was that she had a journal where she would write down questions about English during the week. So she would say. She would write down a word, and then she sent me, like, four to five words at the beginning of every class and say. How do you say this? Please break down why we're saying it this way. So. So those are kind of the best methods I've seen. Depending on your learning style, I would say she wouldn't have improved if she had the same approach as my Russian student who just sat down and studied and tried to memorize the rules. She was not a rule memorizer. That would bog down her brain. She had to have the self awareness and listen and then the patterns had to be more subconscious for her. So it's really different for everyone. And then vice versa. Of course he had to memorize things and he liked keeping those in his mind as he was speaking. And he, he was a computer science guy. So like obviously with the math and patterns and everything. Right. So it really, really depends. So that's why I want to try different things out because I. There are very few methods that would work for every student, so nothing works for everyone, which is what we're really getting on.

Speaker B: Yeah, no, I'll have to start now doing the things that you suggested and also probably take some time to do some revisions, which I'm not doing. Probably I'm. I can do now because. Because I'm back to the normal schedule.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So yeah, keywords, definitely. I would say use those. So that's paying attention when you say it and then also thinking of sentences to say it in. So for example, if your keywords are notice water and butter every day, like while you're walking, while you're. And I only laugh because sometimes I talk when I walk, trying to figure things out and then I get weird looks. But if you're walking and you're thinking of your keywords, water, notice butter, then say, okay, I'm going to say these in a row, water, notice, butter. And then I'm going to use them each in a sentence or play around with it. You're going to use each in a sentence. You're going to try to think of a sentence that uses all of them. I noticed the water was next to the butter, whatever it is. So play around with the words as well and try to notice exactly how you pronounce them when you use them naturally. So I would say keywords and then key times and key times. And of course, key times is where you pay attention to every single instance of a specific sound within five to 10 minutes. I would say start with five, go to 10, and do that multiple times a week. So keywords are every day and then key times. Let's start with like two or three times a week.

Speaker B: Okay. And keyword. The concept is basically just pick a few words with the same sound or different sounds can also.

Speaker A: You can use different sounds, but it could get a little overwhelming if you try to use them all the time. So if you want to work on th and flap, let's say those are your two goals here. I would say use your keywords for flap, Monday, Wednesday, Friday, use the keywords for th, you know, Saturday, Sunday, and then give yourself a break the rest of the week. You know, as an example, or make sure that you don't get too many. Maybe try 2 of each instead of 5 of each or something like that. So, and of course, if you are doing th, make sure that you have a good mix of voiced and voiceless th. So, key times, keywords. And then another thing, like I said, some of my students have found it pretty helpful to have, like, you know, a journal. Write down questions about English as it comes up. Write down specific words. Maybe you notice somebody said a word that you thought it was pronounced a different way. Maybe you pronounce a word and you're like, is that right? And even just asking, okay, is this word right? It just leads to more awareness, which is the main thing. So you can say, my goal is to find two or three words throughout the week that I have a question on. So those are the three things that help the most. Of course, you're probably going to like one more than the other. That's just how it is. So try all three of these next week or two, and then let me know how it's going, which keywords you're using and what you ended up doing. For key times.

Speaker B: Yeah, for the journal. I'm supposed to make a journal for my work, personal life.

Speaker A: No, just write a journal. Like, write down your questions in that language. Write down different words. Like I said, her journal was that she would write down. She also had some grammar she wanted to work on. So she would write down a sentence, and then she would ask me, is this right? Is this how you would say it? With you? It wouldn't really be grammar, because that's not a thing you have an issue with, really. But write down to where to be. Like, is it programmer or programmer or, you know, whatever it is.

Speaker B: Got it. Okay. All right.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Sounds good.

Speaker A: Yep. Or even write down a journal of words that you're having difficulty with. Be like, you know, I tried doing my key times. I tried paying attention to every single th, but this word and this word I'm still struggling with. So you might have every single word in th. Perfect. Except for these two. You're going to write that in your journal. Got it? Okay. So sure. Yep.

Speaker B: Sounds good.

Speaker A: All right. Perfect. As soon as you know your keywords, type those over to me, I'd be interested in what you pick. So I would say maybe keywords for flap and th this week, trying it different alternating days, and then we'll see how that went. All right, go ahead. Send those to me, and we'll talk about more awareness practices next time.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: All right. See you later then.

Speaker B: Yeah. All right. Take care. Bye.

Speaker A: Now it.

