Transcript for: Recording__495.mp4
Title: Recording #495
============================================================

Right. The P is not there, but we're still pronouncing it in the same way. When you pronounce Europe, our figure. Yes. Why? Just happens. Yes. So that's why. Accurate is a schwa r, even though there's a little bit of that U sound in there. And then what was the other word? Let's see. There are many. So for. For example, let's go. Let's go over a couple of them. Sure. Yeah, sure itself. I'm not sure if I'm pronouncing it correctly. Which word? Sure. I see that it has the schwa r in it. And I see. I also observe when people. Native people pronounce it, it's shorter than how I do. So say it in a sentence for me. Okay. I'm not sure if that is true. Okay, so sure, sure, sure. Is it fine. Am I pronouncing it correctly? Is there something wrong? Sure. I'm not sure if that is true. They are. Is a little stressed there. So sure, sure, sure. Okay, so I'm stressing that too much. Yeah. So. So say it a couple times. So 1. Do you hear a sound in between the sh. The sh and the r when you say it? So some people do say it like, sure, and some people say it like sure. So how. How would you say you say it? I think the first one. Yeah. So if you say it, you notice. Yeah, sure, I'll do that. So sure. Like, it's. It's not a very stressed word. It's just. Yeah, sure, I'll go there. Yeah, sure. Okay. So sure. Yeah, sure, I'll go there. Yep. Looks like. Okay. All right. Yeah. I feel like your R is just a little stressed. If you. It might. If you might notice. Sure, sure, sure. I'm not saying sure, sure. Like it's not that super hard R. It's a. It's kind of softer. Sure. Yeah, sure, I'll go there. So just say it very, very lightly, just a little quicker. The pronunciation isn't really wrong, but that's probably what you're picking up on is just the stressed R. Too much is too stressed. Yeah, okay. Just kind of like it sounds like you're stressing the word. Like, instead of saying, yeah, sure, I could go. You're like, yeah, sure, I can go like, yeah, sure. I'm so sure. Actually. Yeah. I think that's just maybe what you're picking up on there. Yeah. But the actual pronunciation. Yeah. Is okay. Okay. It's not like you've seen zer or something. Okay, I'll. I'll practice that. I hear you. I'll practice that and probably record myself saying it. And compare. Yeah. Were there any others? So there are many. So another word is where. You know, where you. At our birthday party. So. Or weren't. They weren't sure the iron girder would hold it up. So when you say you're having kind of trouble pronouncing these, do you mean the word as a whole or specifically getting rid of that vowel? I think. I think I'm having trouble getting rid of the vowel. Okay, so, for example, sure. You said, like, no vowel. No, not for sure. But where am I now? I'm talking about the word where. Okay, let me. What are you basing this off of? Which? Practice. It's the practice sheet. Four R plus R ir. All right, let me check. All right. Practice. She and where. Yes, it's the first table. Fourth example. Oh, Were. Were. You see how different that is? Yeah. I thought you were saying where. Like, where is the thing? I'm like. You're saying that correctly. I don't know. I don't know what's going on with that. Okay, yeah, I see. I see that now. I'm like, it's fine. Don't worry about it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Were. Is it just same as W? A R? W, a R. Yeah. Sounds similar, isn't it? W. A. R. War. Okay. War. Were. Yes. So I need to understand the difference. Yeah. So this is a schwa. R. It's just a W sound. How do you make a W sound? Wah. Like that. What is it? I don't know. I'm sorry. Please tell me. Okay. Yeah. So you're just saying wa. Wa. And then how do you make an R sound? How do you pronounce R on its own? I don't know. Yeah. R. What's a word that starts with R? Like, that is a word. Take the all out. Yeah. So to think of a word that starts with the sound. Like a word that starts with run. And then just don't say un. So it's run. Okay. Okay. Okay. So how do you make w sound? Wa, you said. Yeah. Okay. And then so careful that you're not adding Careful that you're not adding any other sound. It's. It's not wah. Okay. Not wa. You have that. Ah. You're adding a vowel there. Right. Be careful to just make the W sound. Wah. So physically, what's happening with your mouth when you make the W? You're putting your lips forward, you're pulling it back. Wah. Wah. Okay. Is it wa or Wah. I'm opening my mouth. I see that. Yeah. So after you make. After you're done with the W sound. Done. More with the lips. More with the lips. Lips all the way forward, lips all the way back. You're not making the W sound in your mouth. You're making it just with your lips here. Okay. Okay. W, W, W. And then. Okay, I see. Wow. Wa or wa. Oh, wow. It's mispractice. Yeah. So were. Were. How do you say this word that I'm gonna send you? Okay. Worry. How do you say it without the. Without the Y at the end? So say the word. Say the word like three times. Worry without the Y. Say it three times normally. Okay, Worry. Worry. Worry. Okay, say it without the Y, without the or. Or. That's. That's how you say it. That's were. That's Were. Okay, so this. This W, E, R. E is pronounced as were. Yeah, were. W, R, were. Okay. Okay. So it's the same as worry, but it's were. Were. Okay. Yeah. So yeah, that's a. That's another way to kind of practice it. Most. Most of the time when you have a sound in English where you're like, oh, these two sounds aren't going together, W and R, like in word world, were. They don't like each other. Most of the time you have examples where they go together anyway and you just don't notice. So I feel like. Just send the rest of the words to me. Send. Obviously, if it's like a hundred word list, look at it by yourself a little bit more. But send the rest to me after class today with maybe a short explanation like, oh, I feel like I can't take the vow out of this. Whatever it is. Just a little idea of what's going on if you have the time, if you can. And then I'll try to break down a couple things like this because I just don't want to have like the whole class going over individual words instead of big, big ideas. If that makes sense. I understand that. So here's the. How about this? Would you agree with this? So if I. I'll of course list the words, but then at the same time, how about I explain that? Send a recording of me pronouncing them so that you observe what mistakes there are. Will that be better? Sure. So like sending a list of the words written and then having a recording of you reading them. Yes. Okay. Make sure if you do that, that you read them a few times. Okay, sure. So maybe say the word like three times and then Say it once in a sentence. Okay. Okay. So that being said, we've gone over stress a little bit. Do you remember we talked about schwa and we briefly talked about how it relates to stress. So do you remember what's going on there? No, I'm so sorry, I don't. Oh, it's all good. It's. It's been a minute. We've been mostly focusing on schwa. R. So schwa. Tell me what you do know about schwa. What do you remember? Schwa. Schwa is just a relaxed position of the tongue. It's, it's. There's no stress. It's just two opposite things. Yeah, you said it. Yeah. There's no stress. Yeah. And schwa R is. Is a bit stressed. I mean, sometimes it's stressed and I mean, it's not relaxed anymore. The tongue kind of switches back to the. How can I say? Like it touches the upper bullet, the back of the tongue. So just, just schwa right now. Okay. Is just an R sound. Schwa and schwa are. The only reason they're related is because at some point people just started speaking differently. But pronunciation wise, stress wise, they're not related that way. So right now we're just talking about mostly schwa. Schwa. R will come up as we're looking at this. But right now, just everything about schwa, you basically said it. It's pretty lazy, pretty relaxed. It has no stress. So remember that schwa is no stress. So we're looking at stress for a little bit today. So if I say one syllable is stressed and one has absolutely no stress, how do we pronounce the syllable that has absolutely no stress? Well, if it is nostrils, then the tongue position has to be flat. The relaxed position, I believe. And which is, which is the tip of the tongue is just going to touch the teeth. I mean, so what's. What's that called when you have that completely relaxed position? What is that called? So we just said it. Schwa has no stress. So if something has no stress, it is. It is schwa. Yes. So no stress is schwa. Schwa is no stress. One in the same. Yeah. So if I say this syllable has a lot of stress here and then the next syllable has absolutely no stress. That next syllable, absolutely no stress. It's schwa. And we're going to start looking at a little bit of a pattern for that real quick as a reminder. Schwa, no stress. It's the. It's that thinking sound like fam, ma, ly, ma, ma. Like that. So let's look at our intro to stress. I sent the stress to you, syllable stress in particular. Let's open that worksheet. Okay, let's do that. Where is that? I'm sorry, you'll have to scroll down a little bit for it. It's under rhythm and intonation. It's near the bottom. Yes, I see that. And which one do you want with you? Open the syllable stress, the presentation worksheet. Okay. We don't use the presentations, really. I. They give the teacher the option between the two and they just leave out some info there. It's. I prefer the presentation or the worksheet. Goodness. Go ahead and open the worksheet. We're going to look at what stress is. It's going to be a lot of info here. Okay, but let's get started. I'm on the page. Read the first, like that's first little group up there at the top of the page. Syllable stress. Stressed syllables are enunciated more clearly than the surrounding syllables. That means that they are usually longer, louder, and higher in tone. Listen for this. As you compare the two syllables in the word appear, notice how the second syllable is stressed in that word. The word disappear includes a primary and secondary stressed syllable. Both are stressed in comparison with other syllables in the verb, but the primary carries the most stress. If you look in a dictionary, you will usually find clues about the syllable stress written in ipa, International Phonetic Alphabet, right next to the word. Here are some examples of what that looks like. Do you want me to continue reading? So this is some examples it can show. That example is a little bit of a diagram up there. So it's talking about ipa. Have you heard of that? No. All right, so ipa, International Phonetic Alphabet. A lot of linguists got together and said, hey, look, a lot of languages have the worst spelling in the world. It's not actually spelled. English is one of these, where you can have something spelled one way pronounced a totally different way. So they said, how can we find an Alphabet that we can actually have all the sounds in the world and we can have that written out actually in an accurate way? And that's where IPA comes from. So a lot of these are very similar, especially to, like, English, but some of them come from other languages. For example, this, in this diagram, disappear, disappear. So you could tell that the first part, that D in IPA is an actual D D. But if you look in the middle, what's going on there? What is that inverted E and then apostrophe. Well, the apostrophe is on the next one. So oh, so you are talking about the first one before D. You're right. With the. It's the inverted E. Right. So how many syllables are and disappear, disappear. Three. Yeah, three disappear, disappear. That disappear. The second syllable. It's that upside down E. If we ever see these, you ever. You might see them on some of the sites I sent you dictionary, wherever you see them. That upside down E is a schwa. Okay. Okay. Sometimes you're going to see it written wishwa R. It's going to have a little upside down E, then it's going to have an R. And. And it's just going to mean that it's a schwa R. But you don't actually pronounce the schwa. But just keep that in mind. It's not something we're going to go over together. Just keep that in mind. If you ever read a book or something that has that, be careful. So what it is saying is, do you see the line on the bottom? And it says secondary stress follows lower vertical line. So when we're breaking these down and again you're going to see these maybe in some books, dictionaries, et cetera, secondary stress. And then the one at the top is primary stress. English has three levels of stress. Primary, secondary, no stress. What is no stress again? Yes. So we will have primary, secondary, no stress most of the time in a two syllable word like up here, we're going to have primary stress and no stress. And what this is all coming out to is this is the pattern of where to put the main stress, which. What does it say main stress is? So it says. It says it. Syllable stresses are in the very first part. Yes. What, what's it say? Okay, I'm so sorry, what is that? So what's it say at the very first part, the very top? Okay. Stress syllables are. Aha. I'm just trying to find that. Where is that? Primary stresses are the very first sentence on this page. Stresses. Syllables are. Exactly. Yeah. Stress syllables are enunciated more clearly than surrounding syllables. Yeah. That means they are usually longer, louder and higher in tone. Yes. So those are the parts enunciated. What else? Enunciated more clearly, of course. And then it's louder, longer, louder, higher in tone. Yes. So those are the four parts of stress. So if I have a word like disappear, you can tell it's stressed because what am I doing with that last syllable? Disappear. Right. It's like that's going to be the loudest one there. Yeah. And of course more clearly pronounced, all four of them. Basically clearly pronounced longer, louder, and higher in tone. So, yes, and what it means by more clearly pronounced basically is there's no schwa. For example, if I say tomorrow and then I really stress that word, I say tomorrow. I'm. I'm actually pronouncing it. If I say because it's unstressed, I say because the schwa goes away. So stress gets rid of schwa as well. That is not always possible. Of course, we talked about. Some words have schwa at times, not at others. A lot of words always have schwa, so that's not always applicable, but that is something that happens. So what are the three levels of stress? Primary, secondary, and no stress. Yes. So primary stress is going to obviously do the stress things more. It's going to be a little longer, louder, higher in tone, clearer than even secondary stress. So you can think of it this way. The three type of syllables are normal. That's secondary stress, stress, and not stressed. So, like, secondary stress is like if you're not doing anything to it. Primary stress is if it's a little more stressed. And schwa is if there's absolutely no stress. Yeah, yeah. So low, medium, high. Any questions on that? I mean, I definitely have to know how to do that, but yes, apart from that, whatever you explained is okay. Okay, awesome. Let's go ahead and start looking into this a little bit more. Can you read the rest of this page? Well, stop right before instructions and examples, but. Okay. Ipa, International Phonetic Alphabet. Right next to the word. Okay, that was just. Okay. Anyway, here are some examples of what that looks like. Let's now examine some patterns that will help you feel a bit more comfortable. And then it says that peer syllable. Right. Knowing which syllable needs to be stressed in different words without having to look them up in the dictionary. I'm sorry, what am I reading? Anyway, that was the same sentence. Keep in mind. But I understood the meaning. Keep in mind, though, that you may find some surprises. And not every word follows a predictable pattern. The patterns usually revolve around the etymology. What is that? Etymology is the history of the word. Go ahead and read the next part. It explains it pretty well. Okay. The pattern usually evolved around the etymology of the words, which refers to the history of how the world was built. Dissecting the words will help you find their root and any prefix or suffixes that have been added. These details can give clues about proper syllable stress, but memorization is always necessary. All right, so what it is saying with the etymology is if you're unfamiliar, English is kind of a mixing Pot. We get a lot of different words, a lot of different languages, a lot of different stuff together. A lot of times we're going, we take a word and if we have that word in English for a long time, we kind of englify it. We, we pronounce it with our stress. For example, the word sushi or the word naruto. A lot of people say naruto, but in Japanese it's naruto. So naru do versus na ru to. So we kind of Americanize that. We put it, we put the D on there. We completely changed the syllables and the stress. Like all that fun stuff. But sometimes if the word is kind of newer or it's depending what mood we're in that day, I don't exactly know how it's handled. Sometimes we'll keep the stress. So what it's saying is, oh, you might usually have stress here on a noun, but some nouns, it's going to be here because this noun comes from, I don't know, let's say Native American. And then this one comes from French. And they're going to have different aspects to them because those, they came from very different languages. So that's all it's saying is sometimes stress is going to be different. Okay, any questions? Well, so there is no way of, I mean like for sure or schwar. There is a way of knowing. This is where it happens here. I have no way of identifying that without knowing or memorizing that. You mean we have to memorize. Where are the stresses? Not for each. Every word there are stress. General patterns. And if you scroll down next page. Actually, if you scroll down and you look briefly at all these pages, these are general patterns. In English, there are very few rules where it's. This is an absolute rule every single time. This is how it's going to be. But this is a general, for the most part, memorize this. The guess is going to be right 90% of the time for these rules situation. So we are going to go over some rules for this. For example, since we're running out of time, I would like to just look at one. That might be the most helpful. If you go to page two, we're going to skip the shin shun ick. We're going to look at that next time. Okay, but let's go to this part here where it says wallet, banner, paper, kitten. What is this? What does it say about that? Most nouns trace the first syllable. So that's a general rule. Most nouns, the stress is on the first syllable. So on the first syllable, you're going to see primary stress for nouns for the most part. Of course you can see there are exceptions down there, but when we really get into this, we're going to go over all these general rules and we're going to talk about, okay, well, the unstressed syllables. You're way more likely to find either a schwa or a schwa r. For example, if we look at this first, If we look at this first line here, wallet has a schwa in it, banner, schwa r, paper, schwa r, kitten doesn't have anything. But the stress is still on the first syllable. Uh huh. So we are going to start breaking down. Okay. Memorizing. Okay. Nouns usually on the first syllable. Where do you think it would be for verbs? Oh, it's this on the next page. I see that most verbs stress the second syllable. Yeah. Okay, so we're going to start talking about that. For example, if we look at the first part of the verbs advance, we could see again, forget schwa are there because the stress kind of left. So forget regret. There's a schwa there. Regret intend. So it's not going to be each and every time, especially with two syllable words. Two syllable words don't usually have schwa every single time. The more syllables you add, the more likely you're to have schwa. So for example, once you get up to three syllables, most words will have schwa four syllables, almost guaranteed. And we're going to start looking at patterns of. Okay, where do we find the stress and where do we find schwa? If you would like, you can peek over these between next class. We are still going to go through all of them, but it might help if you peek and get a general idea or if you have any questions that you want to prep, anything like that. So this is what we're going to be doing. We're going to be doing breaking down stress. There's a lot of different rules. So what I would like you to do is send me the schwa r words that you have a question on. Yes, I'll get back to you on those and then just start prepping for stress. I'm going to send you some stress listening practice and then once we get into the actual stress rules, it's going to be easy to kind of listen for that at that point. Okay. All right. Any questions on what we're going to be doing for a while? No, it looks good and also it feels like every idea that you speak about are the big ideas. Yeah. So I would, of course I Am definitely here if you need help with individual words like were versus where, things like that. But I really do like getting to the main ideas in class. So if it's okay with you, go ahead and just send me a few things. Obviously, if you send a very long list, I won't be able to get back to you with all of it. But do send definitely just a few words and maybe I can send back a recording that might be helpful with the rest of the words as well. Yes, well, what I meant is, I mean, all of these things that you're teaching, going over, they are going to impact how I speak in a big way. That's what I meant. It's not like it was not a complaint in the sense that, oh, you just go for the ideas. We don't get to the. That's not what I meant. I said that. No, no, no. I was just saying, like, yeah, this is. This is, I think, more helpful, which is why I definitely pretend or pretend, pretend to do this in class. Prefer to do this kind of the big idea stuff in class. And then individual practices and actual using stuff is going to be like your homework and stuff like that. Yeah, yeah. Well, all right. So I will definitely send you some practices, some listening, all that fun stuff. Let me know if you do get a chance to look over more stress before next class. I will try my best. Yeah. Yeah. If you don't, it's absolutely no problem. Like I said, we're going to go over all of this anyway. And it's just if you look over it and maybe have some questions or anything just so that we. Yeah, no, that will of course make me. Help me make progress faster. Yeah, it's just. It was just a crazy week. Oh, of course. Yeah. Yeah. And that's. That's what class is for, is to actually sit down and take the time to. To be able to do this. So whatever you're able to do, it's just a little bit of extra. The main thing. Of course, the main homework we're going to have is every time we go over something, listen for it. In the real world, when you're talking to people, listen for schwa. Listen for. Oh, now that I know what stress is, once we get into more the pattern of stress, it's going to be easier to listen for. But it's never too early to, you know, examine every little thing and never. And dream about stress and everything. Not really, but you get the idea. Yeah. So that in mind, I will go ahead and send you the practices. You send me the questions and I'll see you next time. Yes, I'll see you next time. Well, have a great week and weekend. First of all, I'll see you next week. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Right. The P is not there, but we're still pronouncing it in the same way. When you pronounce Europe, our figure.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Why? Just happens.

Speaker B: Yes. So that's why. Accurate is a schwa r, even though there's a little bit of that U sound in there. And then what was the other word?

Speaker A: Let's see. There are many. So for.

Speaker B: For example, let's go. Let's go over a couple of them.

Speaker A: Sure. Yeah, sure itself. I'm not sure if I'm pronouncing it correctly.

Speaker B: Which word?

Speaker A: Sure. I see that it has the schwa r in it. And I see. I also observe when people. Native people pronounce it, it's shorter than how I do.

Speaker B: So say it in a sentence for me.

Speaker A: Okay. I'm not sure if that is true.

Speaker B: Okay, so sure, sure, sure.

Speaker A: Is it fine. Am I pronouncing it correctly? Is there something wrong? Sure. I'm not sure if that is true.

Speaker B: They are. Is a little stressed there. So sure, sure, sure.

Speaker A: Okay, so I'm stressing that too much.

Speaker B: Yeah. So. So say it a couple times. So 1. Do you hear a sound in between the sh. The sh and the r when you say it? So some people do say it like, sure, and some people say it like sure. So how. How would you say you say it?

Speaker A: I think the first one.

Speaker B: Yeah. So if you say it, you notice. Yeah, sure, I'll do that. So sure. Like, it's. It's not a very stressed word. It's just. Yeah, sure, I'll go there.

Speaker A: Yeah, sure. Okay. So sure. Yeah, sure, I'll go there. Yep. Looks like. Okay. All right.

Speaker B: Yeah. I feel like your R is just a little stressed. If you. It might. If you might notice. Sure, sure, sure. I'm not saying sure, sure. Like it's not that super hard R. It's a. It's kind of softer. Sure. Yeah, sure, I'll go there. So just say it very, very lightly, just a little quicker. The pronunciation isn't really wrong, but that's probably what you're picking up on is

Speaker A: just the stressed R. Too much is too stressed.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay. Just kind of like it sounds like you're stressing the word. Like, instead of saying, yeah, sure, I could go. You're like, yeah, sure, I can go like, yeah, sure.

Speaker A: I'm so sure. Actually.

Speaker B: Yeah. I think that's just maybe what you're picking up on there.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: But the actual pronunciation.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Is okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: It's not like you've seen zer or something.

Speaker A: Okay, I'll. I'll practice that. I hear you. I'll practice that and probably record myself saying it. And compare.

Speaker B: Yeah. Were there any others?

Speaker A: So there are many. So another word is where. You know, where you. At our birthday party. So. Or weren't. They weren't sure the iron girder would hold it up.

Speaker B: So when you say you're having kind of trouble pronouncing these, do you mean the word as a whole or specifically getting rid of that vowel?

Speaker A: I think. I think I'm having trouble getting rid of the vowel.

Speaker B: Okay, so, for example, sure. You said, like, no vowel.

Speaker A: No, not for sure. But where am I now? I'm talking about the word where.

Speaker B: Okay, let me. What are you basing this off of? Which? Practice.

Speaker A: It's the practice sheet. Four R plus R ir.

Speaker B: All right, let me check. All right. Practice. She and where.

Speaker A: Yes, it's the first table. Fourth example.

Speaker B: Oh, Were. Were.

Speaker A: You see how different that is?

Speaker B: Yeah. I thought you were saying where. Like, where is the thing? I'm like. You're saying that correctly. I don't know. I don't know what's going on with that. Okay, yeah, I see. I see that now. I'm like, it's fine. Don't worry about it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Were.

Speaker A: Is it just same as W? A R?

Speaker B: W, a R. Yeah.

Speaker A: Sounds similar, isn't it?

Speaker B: W. A. R. War.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: War. Were.

Speaker A: Yes. So I need to understand the difference.

Speaker B: Yeah. So this is a schwa. R. It's just a W sound. How do you make a W sound?

Speaker A: Wah. Like that.

Speaker B: What is it?

Speaker A: I don't know. I'm sorry. Please tell me. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. So you're just saying wa. Wa. And then how do you make an R sound?

Speaker A: How do you pronounce R on its own? I don't know.

Speaker B: Yeah. R. What's a word that starts with R?

Speaker A: Like, that is a word.

Speaker B: Take the all out. Yeah. So to think of a word that starts with the sound. Like a word that starts with run. And then just don't say un. So it's run.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Okay.

Speaker B: So how do you make w sound?

Speaker A: Wa, you said. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: And then so careful that you're not adding Careful that you're not adding any other sound. It's. It's not wah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Not wa. You have that. Ah. You're adding a vowel there.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Be careful to just make the W sound.

Speaker A: Wah.

Speaker B: So physically, what's happening with your mouth when you make the W? You're putting your lips forward, you're pulling it back. Wah. Wah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Is it wa or Wah.

Speaker A: I'm opening my mouth. I see that.

Speaker B: Yeah. So after you make. After you're done with the W sound. Done. More with the lips. More with the lips. Lips all the way forward, lips all the way back. You're not making the W sound in your mouth. You're making it just with your lips here.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. W, W, W. And then.

Speaker A: Okay, I see. Wow. Wa or wa. Oh, wow. It's mispractice.

Speaker B: Yeah. So were.

Speaker A: Were.

Speaker B: How do you say this word that I'm gonna send you?

Speaker A: Okay. Worry.

Speaker B: How do you say it without the. Without the Y at the end? So say the word. Say the word like three times.

Speaker A: Worry without the Y.

Speaker B: Say it three times normally.

Speaker A: Okay, Worry. Worry. Worry.

Speaker B: Okay, say it without the Y, without the or.

Speaker A: Or.

Speaker B: That's. That's how you say it. That's were.

Speaker A: That's Were. Okay, so this. This W, E, R. E is pronounced as were.

Speaker B: Yeah, were. W, R, were.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. So it's the same as worry, but it's were.

Speaker A: Were.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. So yeah, that's a. That's another way to kind of practice it. Most. Most of the time when you have a sound in English where you're like, oh, these two sounds aren't going together, W and R, like in word world, were. They don't like each other. Most of the time you have examples where they go together anyway and you just don't notice. So I feel like. Just send the rest of the words to me. Send. Obviously, if it's like a hundred word list, look at it by yourself a little bit more. But send the rest to me after class today with maybe a short explanation like, oh, I feel like I can't take the vow out of this. Whatever it is. Just a little idea of what's going on if you have the time, if you can. And then I'll try to break down a couple things like this because I just don't want to have like the whole class going over individual words instead of big, big ideas. If that makes sense.

Speaker A: I understand that. So here's the. How about this? Would you agree with this? So if I. I'll of course list the words, but then at the same time, how about I explain that? Send a recording of me pronouncing them so that you observe what mistakes there are. Will that be better?

Speaker B: Sure. So like sending a list of the words written and then having a recording of you reading them.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Okay. Make sure if you do that, that you read them a few times.

Speaker A: Okay, sure.

Speaker B: So maybe say the word like three times and then Say it once in a sentence.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. So that being said, we've gone over stress a little bit. Do you remember we talked about schwa and we briefly talked about how it relates to stress. So do you remember what's going on there?

Speaker A: No, I'm so sorry, I don't.

Speaker B: Oh, it's all good. It's. It's been a minute. We've been mostly focusing on schwa. R. So schwa. Tell me what you do know about schwa. What do you remember?

Speaker A: Schwa. Schwa is just a relaxed position of the tongue. It's, it's. There's no stress. It's just two opposite things. Yeah, you said it. Yeah. There's no stress.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And schwa R is. Is a bit stressed. I mean, sometimes it's stressed and I mean, it's not relaxed anymore. The tongue kind of switches back to the. How can I say? Like it touches the upper bullet, the back of the tongue.

Speaker B: So just, just schwa right now. Okay. Is just an R sound. Schwa and schwa are. The only reason they're related is because at some point people just started speaking differently. But pronunciation wise, stress wise, they're not related that way. So right now we're just talking about mostly schwa. Schwa. R will come up as we're looking at this. But right now, just everything about schwa, you basically said it. It's pretty lazy, pretty relaxed. It has no stress. So remember that schwa is no stress. So we're looking at stress for a little bit today. So if I say one syllable is stressed and one has absolutely no stress, how do we pronounce the syllable that has absolutely no stress?

Speaker A: Well, if it is nostrils, then the tongue position has to be flat. The relaxed position, I believe. And which is, which is the tip of the tongue is just going to touch the teeth.

Speaker B: I mean, so what's. What's that called when you have that completely relaxed position?

Speaker A: What is that called?

Speaker B: So we just said it. Schwa has no stress. So if something has no stress, it is.

Speaker A: It is schwa.

Speaker B: Yes. So no stress is schwa. Schwa is no stress. One in the same.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So if I say this syllable has a lot of stress here and then the next syllable has absolutely no stress. That next syllable, absolutely no stress. It's schwa. And we're going to start looking at a little bit of a pattern for that real quick as a reminder. Schwa, no stress. It's the. It's that thinking sound like fam, ma, ly, ma, ma. Like that. So let's look at our intro to stress. I sent the stress to you, syllable stress in particular. Let's open that worksheet.

Speaker A: Okay, let's do that. Where is that?

Speaker B: I'm sorry, you'll have to scroll down a little bit for it. It's under rhythm and intonation. It's near the bottom.

Speaker A: Yes, I see that. And which one do you want with you? Open the syllable stress, the presentation worksheet. Okay.

Speaker B: We don't use the presentations, really. I. They give the teacher the option between the two and they just leave out some info there. It's. I prefer the presentation or the worksheet. Goodness. Go ahead and open the worksheet. We're going to look at what stress is. It's going to be a lot of info here. Okay, but let's get started.

Speaker A: I'm on the page.

Speaker B: Read the first, like that's first little group up there at the top of the page.

Speaker A: Syllable stress. Stressed syllables are enunciated more clearly than the surrounding syllables. That means that they are usually longer, louder, and higher in tone. Listen for this. As you compare the two syllables in the word appear, notice how the second syllable is stressed in that word. The word disappear includes a primary and secondary stressed syllable. Both are stressed in comparison with other syllables in the verb, but the primary carries the most stress. If you look in a dictionary, you will usually find clues about the syllable stress written in ipa, International Phonetic Alphabet, right next to the word. Here are some examples of what that looks like. Do you want me to continue reading?

Speaker B: So this is some examples it can show. That example is a little bit of a diagram up there. So it's talking about ipa. Have you heard of that?

Speaker A: No.

Speaker B: All right, so ipa, International Phonetic Alphabet. A lot of linguists got together and said, hey, look, a lot of languages have the worst spelling in the world. It's not actually spelled. English is one of these, where you can have something spelled one way pronounced a totally different way. So they said, how can we find an Alphabet that we can actually have all the sounds in the world and we can have that written out actually in an accurate way? And that's where IPA comes from. So a lot of these are very similar, especially to, like, English, but some of them come from other languages. For example, this, in this diagram, disappear, disappear. So you could tell that the first part, that D in IPA is an actual D D. But if you look in the middle, what's going on there?

Speaker A: What is that inverted E and then apostrophe.

Speaker B: Well, the apostrophe is on the next one.

Speaker A: So oh, so you are talking about the first one before D. You're right.

Speaker B: With the. It's the inverted E. Right. So how many syllables are and disappear, disappear.

Speaker A: Three.

Speaker B: Yeah, three disappear, disappear. That disappear. The second syllable. It's that upside down E. If we ever see these, you ever. You might see them on some of the sites I sent you dictionary, wherever you see them. That upside down E is a schwa.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay.

Speaker B: Sometimes you're going to see it written wishwa R. It's going to have a little upside down E, then it's going to have an R. And. And it's just going to mean that it's a schwa R. But you don't actually pronounce the schwa. But just keep that in mind. It's not something we're going to go over together. Just keep that in mind. If you ever read a book or something that has that, be careful. So what it is saying is, do you see the line on the bottom? And it says secondary stress follows lower vertical line. So when we're breaking these down and again you're going to see these maybe in some books, dictionaries, et cetera, secondary stress. And then the one at the top is primary stress. English has three levels of stress. Primary, secondary, no stress. What is no stress again? Yes. So we will have primary, secondary, no stress most of the time in a two syllable word like up here, we're going to have primary stress and no stress. And what this is all coming out to is this is the pattern of where to put the main stress, which. What does it say main stress is? So it says. It says it. Syllable stresses are in the very first part.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: What, what's it say?

Speaker A: Okay, I'm so sorry, what is that?

Speaker B: So what's it say at the very first part, the very top?

Speaker A: Okay. Stress syllables are. Aha. I'm just trying to find that. Where is that?

Speaker B: Primary stresses are the very first sentence on this page. Stresses. Syllables are.

Speaker A: Exactly. Yeah. Stress syllables are enunciated more clearly than surrounding syllables. Yeah. That means they are usually longer, louder and higher in tone.

Speaker B: Yes. So those are the parts enunciated. What else?

Speaker A: Enunciated more clearly, of course. And then it's louder, longer, louder, higher in tone.

Speaker B: Yes. So those are the four parts of stress. So if I have a word like disappear, you can tell it's stressed because what am I doing with that last syllable? Disappear.

Speaker A: Right. It's like that's going to be the loudest one there.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And of course more clearly pronounced, all four of them. Basically clearly pronounced longer, louder, and higher in tone.

Speaker B: So, yes, and what it means by more clearly pronounced basically is there's no schwa. For example, if I say tomorrow and then I really stress that word, I say tomorrow. I'm. I'm actually pronouncing it. If I say because it's unstressed, I say because the schwa goes away. So stress gets rid of schwa as well. That is not always possible. Of course, we talked about. Some words have schwa at times, not at others. A lot of words always have schwa, so that's not always applicable, but that is something that happens. So what are the three levels of stress?

Speaker A: Primary, secondary, and no stress.

Speaker B: Yes. So primary stress is going to obviously do the stress things more. It's going to be a little longer, louder, higher in tone, clearer than even secondary stress. So you can think of it this way. The three type of syllables are normal. That's secondary stress, stress, and not stressed. So, like, secondary stress is like if you're not doing anything to it. Primary stress is if it's a little more stressed. And schwa is if there's absolutely no stress. Yeah, yeah. So low, medium, high. Any questions on that?

Speaker A: I mean, I definitely have to know how to do that, but yes, apart from that, whatever you explained is okay.

Speaker B: Okay, awesome. Let's go ahead and start looking into this a little bit more. Can you read the rest of this page? Well, stop right before instructions and examples, but.

Speaker A: Okay. Ipa, International Phonetic Alphabet. Right next to the word. Okay, that was just. Okay. Anyway, here are some examples of what that looks like. Let's now examine some patterns that will help you feel a bit more comfortable. And then it says that peer syllable. Right. Knowing which syllable needs to be stressed in different words without having to look them up in the dictionary. I'm sorry, what am I reading? Anyway, that was the same sentence. Keep in mind. But I understood the meaning. Keep in mind, though, that you may find some surprises. And not every word follows a predictable pattern. The patterns usually revolve around the etymology. What is that?

Speaker B: Etymology is the history of the word. Go ahead and read the next part. It explains it pretty well.

Speaker A: Okay. The pattern usually evolved around the etymology of the words, which refers to the history of how the world was built. Dissecting the words will help you find their root and any prefix or suffixes that have been added. These details can give clues about proper syllable stress, but memorization is always necessary.

Speaker B: All right, so what it is saying with the etymology is if you're unfamiliar, English is kind of a mixing Pot. We get a lot of different words, a lot of different languages, a lot of different stuff together. A lot of times we're going, we take a word and if we have that word in English for a long time, we kind of englify it. We, we pronounce it with our stress. For example, the word sushi or the word naruto. A lot of people say naruto, but in Japanese it's naruto. So naru do versus na ru to. So we kind of Americanize that. We put it, we put the D on there. We completely changed the syllables and the stress. Like all that fun stuff. But sometimes if the word is kind of newer or it's depending what mood we're in that day, I don't exactly know how it's handled. Sometimes we'll keep the stress. So what it's saying is, oh, you might usually have stress here on a noun, but some nouns, it's going to be here because this noun comes from, I don't know, let's say Native American. And then this one comes from French. And they're going to have different aspects to them because those, they came from very different languages. So that's all it's saying is sometimes stress is going to be different.

Speaker A: Okay, any questions? Well, so there is no way of, I mean like for sure or schwar. There is a way of knowing. This is where it happens here. I have no way of identifying that without knowing or memorizing that.

Speaker B: You mean we have to memorize.

Speaker A: Where are the stresses?

Speaker B: Not for each. Every word there are stress. General patterns. And if you scroll down next page. Actually, if you scroll down and you look briefly at all these pages, these are general patterns. In English, there are very few rules where it's. This is an absolute rule every single time. This is how it's going to be. But this is a general, for the most part, memorize this. The guess is going to be right 90% of the time for these rules situation. So we are going to go over some rules for this. For example, since we're running out of time, I would like to just look at one. That might be the most helpful. If you go to page two, we're going to skip the shin shun ick. We're going to look at that next time. Okay, but let's go to this part here where it says wallet, banner, paper, kitten. What is this? What does it say about that?

Speaker A: Most nouns trace the first syllable.

Speaker B: So that's a general rule. Most nouns, the stress is on the first syllable. So on the first syllable, you're going to see primary stress for nouns for the most part. Of course you can see there are exceptions down there, but when we really get into this, we're going to go over all these general rules and we're going to talk about, okay, well, the unstressed syllables. You're way more likely to find either a schwa or a schwa r. For example, if we look at this first, If we look at this first line here, wallet has a schwa in it, banner, schwa r, paper, schwa r, kitten doesn't have anything. But the stress is still on the first syllable.

Speaker A: Uh huh.

Speaker B: So we are going to start breaking down. Okay. Memorizing. Okay. Nouns usually on the first syllable. Where do you think it would be for verbs?

Speaker A: Oh, it's this on the next page. I see that most verbs stress the second syllable.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, so we're going to start talking about that. For example, if we look at the first part of the verbs advance, we could see again, forget schwa are there because the stress kind of left. So forget regret. There's a schwa there. Regret intend. So it's not going to be each and every time, especially with two syllable words. Two syllable words don't usually have schwa every single time. The more syllables you add, the more likely you're to have schwa. So for example, once you get up to three syllables, most words will have schwa four syllables, almost guaranteed. And we're going to start looking at patterns of. Okay, where do we find the stress and where do we find schwa? If you would like, you can peek over these between next class. We are still going to go through all of them, but it might help if you peek and get a general idea or if you have any questions that you want to prep, anything like that. So this is what we're going to be doing. We're going to be doing breaking down stress. There's a lot of different rules. So what I would like you to do is send me the schwa r words that you have a question on. Yes, I'll get back to you on those and then just start prepping for stress. I'm going to send you some stress listening practice and then once we get into the actual stress rules, it's going to be easy to kind of listen for that at that point.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: All right. Any questions on what we're going to be doing for a while?

Speaker A: No, it looks good and also it feels like every idea that you speak about are the big ideas.

Speaker B: Yeah. So I would, of course I Am definitely here if you need help with individual words like were versus where, things like that. But I really do like getting to the main ideas in class. So if it's okay with you, go ahead and just send me a few things. Obviously, if you send a very long list, I won't be able to get back to you with all of it. But do send definitely just a few words and maybe I can send back a recording that might be helpful with the rest of the words as well.

Speaker A: Yes, well, what I meant is, I mean, all of these things that you're teaching, going over, they are going to impact how I speak in a big way. That's what I meant. It's not like it was not a complaint in the sense that, oh, you just go for the ideas. We don't get to the. That's not what I meant. I said that.

Speaker B: No, no, no. I was just saying, like, yeah, this is. This is, I think, more helpful, which is why I definitely pretend or pretend, pretend to do this in class. Prefer to do this kind of the big idea stuff in class. And then individual practices and actual using stuff is going to be like your homework and stuff like that.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Well, all right. So I will definitely send you some practices, some listening, all that fun stuff. Let me know if you do get a chance to look over more stress before next class.

Speaker A: I will try my best. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. If you don't, it's absolutely no problem. Like I said, we're going to go over all of this anyway. And it's just if you look over it and maybe have some questions or anything just so that we.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, that will of course make me. Help me make progress faster. Yeah, it's just. It was just a crazy week.

Speaker B: Oh, of course.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. And that's. That's what class is for, is to actually sit down and take the time to. To be able to do this. So whatever you're able to do, it's just a little bit of extra. The main thing. Of course, the main homework we're going to have is every time we go over something, listen for it. In the real world, when you're talking to people, listen for schwa. Listen for. Oh, now that I know what stress is, once we get into more the pattern of stress, it's going to be easier to listen for. But it's never too early to, you know, examine every little thing and never. And dream about stress and everything. Not really, but you get the idea. Yeah. So that in mind, I will go ahead and send you the practices. You send me the questions and I'll see you next time.

Speaker A: Yes, I'll see you next time. Well, have a great week and weekend. First of all, I'll see you next week. Bye.

