Transcript for: Recording__99.mp4
Title: Recording #99
============================================================

Or, you know, we can also do it. I don't know either way. But. But these guys came. I. I have not heard about these guys before and unfortunately they got there first, but. Right. It doesn't matter. I think, you know, I mean, this. Well, with four ingredients, it will be easier for you, I believe at this point. All day long. All day long. I mean, I, I mean that I feel comfortable like if it's not milled, if it's just the herbs, I'll just buy that stuff and put in my storage, you know, like I just need somebody who can put tea in bags. But that should be too hard to find. Right? Yeah. These are great images too. They have. That's all this is good. I'm glad that you made somebody. But then we also have to talk about the timeline and make it well, I mean. Okay, so one step, step by step. I think we need to get the capsules, you know, three and six at least. Maybe two, three and six, whatever back up. Then the powder should come in. You have to get the powder out. And in the meantime, I think this research, you know, the one I need to find, you know, somebody who can put tea in bags. I can get the stuff, the, the ingredients. I can get that tomorrow. You know, if it's four. If it's four, then there's a branding, you know, like. Okay, you know, you just have to find, find, you know, and I can do this. Find a good way to separate what's the four ingredient product looks like from us versus an eight ingredient, you know? Right. All right, so in terms of the capsules, I saw that they blocked another listing and this time it probably will be difficult because we have old images, capsules, but I think it's a bigger pack. Let's see. Which one. When did this happen? Today. Just today. Which one? Hate these people. I mean, this is some alo. Going around. Right. And then flagging stuff and. And then some random person reviews it or. Sorry, what is that? I mean, it's just, I assume it's just some algo going around. Yeah. Bagging stuff and then some random person makes a call on it or something like that. No, even the decision can be automated. Well, so this is the 600 listing. Which one is that? The 12th pack? Yes. But how is, how is it okay in a one bottle but not in the 12 bottle thing? It's just the wording or. Well, the 12 bottle one has the old images where we used 3000 something milligram. So that's, that's a bit. But I think Have. We can still reinstate it. That's the problem. That's. I'll look into it. And also at the same time, I think we should look into the other products. So the two pack, four pack, make sure that they have the newer images so that Amazon doesn't come back and then say, hey, you cannot change images right now because that's a new product. But it's not. Right. It's just a different label. Well, Amazon will say even if you change something, according to Amazon, even if you mention that, why change this? They will secret a new listing. I've never seen people do it. Like, I mean. Okay, well, they don't, they don't think they have everything. Probably they have policies and everything written and they just follow it. And most of those people are either from India or from the Philippines. Yeah, and they don't. But every time I call, this is painful. Like. Yeah, it's general to be helpful. You can tell that they can't make decisions, you know, and yeah, it's, it's. They're hard to understand. And, and that's my business. I run call centers. They're not great. They're not investing really in their call centers, but whatever. Well, I wish you could get Amazon's business running their call centers. Probably the service will be much better. I can tell you. I'm about to deploy a call center. No, probably in the next four months in India. Not sure where yet, but there's now AI accent neutralization software that works in real time. Yeah, it's pretty amazing. Yeah, I mean, I mean it, it. And I've, I've seen CSAT data from before and after and it goes up by like 150%. That's, that's, that's how shallow people are. You know, they, they could, they, they associate no accent with high quality. But you know, it is what it is. Anyway, what do you need from me? What do I need from you right now? Right. Okay, so I need inventory from plenty of bottles, but I, I'll probably know more about the ETA for the sachets, which, that the label doesn't change by the way. It's the same exact label and all that I'm not touching anymore. So I, I should hopefully more. No more precise date this week sometimes, but we'll see. So that, yeah. So then we have both bottles and, and I wonder if you should do a, I wonder if we should do a one ball and one sachet package as like an intro thing, you know? I don't know. Okay, we can definitely do that, but I don't think that would be a primary mover for now if you ask me. Well, bottle, I'm glad that we have that. We just need to send more inventory for the two pack and four pack and all. Yeah, we need that back. And if you remember, I proposed, I once proposed that we do this kind of testing even with the pricing changes and for certain keywords. So I, I think that can be a, an important thing to do. And then apart from that, tea bags, these are the three primary moves. Yeah, I don't think that if we combine two things, yes, you'll probably see some purchases, but that's not going to be a big deal. No, no, no, no, I know, I know. It would just be like, you know, strategic, like some intro thing. But you're right, it's not going to move the needle. Okay, so, so if I see this right, Step one, try to get more bottle quantities online. Step two, you know, we'll make the sachets, try to get those back online. And step three, in the meantime we'll do some research into tea bags. Yes. I mean that, it's just like there's nothing involved like, I mean, well, putting this stuff into a tea bag, right? Yeah, yeah, I'm not worried about that at all. I like actually. Well, there's a, I like the tea bag these guys are using. Those are like the high end ones, like these little Kermit looking things, you know. Have you seen that before there? No, I haven't. Their price point is very interesting by the way. It's $15 because there's nothing in it. There's a. How much? Let's probably half a gram or like a gram in there maybe. You know, this is probably zero. I mean go with a bit higher. I would like a higher price point. Point. That's my point. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I think that's, I think that's what the brand. I mean we've always been almost the highest price, you know, but this is, yeah, this is. Doesn't. I, I, I have to look at all the ingredient listings, but. Let's see how much but is like a cur model, right? Like how. Or the Nespresso thing. If you do the math on how much you're paying for coffee, if you use Nespresso, it's like I don't forgot the exact number, but it's like four times as much as when you buy a pound of coffee. Right. Yeah. Same applies here. Right. You know, Deadly. One more thing I need from you, I may need from you I'm not sure if we have that already, but I may need some images for the 2 pack, 4 pack and 6 pack capsules listings because depending on what you have now, we may need to change some of those images. So I'll make a list of things, list of graphic design I need from you and then I'll send it to you on Fiverr. Or I'll just email it to you. Yeah, yeah. Check. Check out the chat. That's what we have in the store. That's what I meant. I. These are some of these. I did the 12 pack one and. And the two pack one. I did too. This store has been redone too. Whatever. The store is kicking off about three and a half to $4,000 right now. I think it can. It's. It's like the worst checkout experience. Oh, so is it like a monthly revenue or. No, if I look at all the shopify. Like if, you know, if I look at monthly sales over the last eight months or something like that, the average, you know. Would you like to pursue another thing? It's in Canada, so I see. Asia Keys trademark. We had this discussion before. Yeah. Their registration date is expiring on 2025. August. Yeah, August 1st. This. All right. Wait, did the trademark expires for good here? It remains valid for 10 years. Right. So then they have to renew it. So when they apply to renew. If we can do something about that. I'm not sure sure if we can, but if we can. So you see this date? This is a registration expiration date. Wow. Yeah. And yeah. So as far as I know, these guys have sued us before, or not sued, but what do you call that? Season Assist letters. You know. Okay. Because they're pretty protective of the brand. But it didn't. It didn't hold up because we're in the U.S. you know. Right. Uhhuh. Yeah. I would love to make that more difficult. For sure they have design marks, but I don't think this will hold. Right, right. Well, yeah, I mean, let's do it, dude. For sure. Well, if you want to give me a try. I just wanted to remind you one more time. Yeah, yeah, I'll take. All right. Okay. So are those images good enough for you in the store or do. I mean, you know, I can go to Fiverr and have somebody make some more. What was that? I'm sorry? You said you asked for more images, product images. Oh, okay. So I put a link. Did you see the link in the store? So are those good enough? If not, then we can have Some more made. You know, I think we can use this. Yeah, I think it's fine. Yeah, they look fine. And I'll still review, and if I need something else, I'll let you know. Yeah, I probably have that guy who made these renderings. I probably. On fiber. Like, you can probably do some more, you know. Sure. Oh, how do you want to do payment? The payment? Yeah. So it's like we are managing the ads for almost half of the month, right? And the product listing statement, I'll charge 100 for that. The listing statement, and then I'll charge half of the fee for the month. How about I just pay you the regular 750 or whatever that was. You know, whatever like the monthly was just to show you some goodwill and. And, you know, appreciate, like, you know. I mean, I would appreciate that if you do it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just say yes. All right. That's great. That's all right. So let me know when you have that thing ready in fiverr, and then I'll do whatever I have to do. I. I sent it to you. I think it's still valid. Okay. Okay, I'll go there. Yeah. All right. All right. I have. I have to go in three minutes. Anything else we got to cover here? That's all for now. De. Please keep me posted on the teabag and. And session. Yeah, sure. We'll do. I will have home if I don't see you before, which probably won't. It's always. It's. I always find it weird to come back home because, you know, wait, did you grow up in India or not? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Same like when I come. But I always find it very strange to go back to Germany because all the memories I have are nostalgic childhood memories. So I'm like, oh, this is so great, and come back, they'll be like, I don't know. This kind of sucks here. Oh, okay. You know what? Last time I came here, that was almost after six years. Okay. I would just go out, walk alone and see things around me and try to remember, like, try to feel how it used to be. This time it's more normal. But last time I did that. Yeah, I do the same thing. So I go to the old school, you know, and like. Oh, yeah. But as an adult, you know, like, life is very different. Like, you know. Anyway. All right. Hey, thanks so much for your help. Appreciate it. And, yeah, I'll go into fiverr today and. And take care of that. And then I'll let you know as soon as I know more. About TBX and. And sachet timing. All right. Yeah. Thank you so much. All right, thank you. Bye. Yeah, bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Or, you know, we can also do it. I don't know either way. But. But these guys came. I. I have not heard about these guys before and unfortunately they got there first, but.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: It doesn't matter. I think, you know, I mean, this.

Speaker B: Well, with four ingredients, it will be easier for you, I believe at this point.

Speaker A: All day long. All day long. I mean, I, I mean that I feel comfortable like if it's not milled, if it's just the herbs, I'll just buy that stuff and put in my storage, you know, like I just need somebody who can put tea in bags. But that should be too hard to find.

Speaker B: Right? Yeah.

Speaker A: These are great images too. They have.

Speaker B: That's all this is good. I'm glad that you made somebody. But then we also have to talk about the timeline and make it

Speaker A: well, I mean. Okay, so one step, step by step. I think we need to get the capsules, you know, three and six at least. Maybe two, three and six, whatever back up. Then the powder should come in. You have to get the powder out. And in the meantime, I think this research, you know, the one I need to find, you know, somebody who can put tea in bags. I can get the stuff, the, the ingredients. I can get that tomorrow. You know, if it's four. If it's four, then there's a branding, you know, like. Okay, you know, you just have to find, find, you know, and I can do this. Find a good way to separate what's the four ingredient product looks like from us versus an eight ingredient, you know?

Speaker B: Right. All right, so in terms of the capsules, I saw that they blocked another listing and this time it probably will be difficult because we have old images, capsules, but I think it's a bigger pack. Let's see. Which one.

Speaker A: When did this happen?

Speaker B: Today. Just today.

Speaker A: Which one? Hate these people. I mean, this is some alo. Going around. Right. And then flagging stuff and. And then some random person reviews it or.

Speaker B: Sorry, what is that?

Speaker A: I mean, it's just, I assume it's just some algo going around.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Bagging stuff and then some random person makes a call on it or something like that.

Speaker B: No, even the decision can be automated. Well, so this is the 600 listing. Which one is that?

Speaker A: The 12th pack?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: But how is, how is it okay in a one bottle but not in the 12 bottle thing? It's just the wording or.

Speaker B: Well, the 12 bottle one has the old images where we used 3000 something milligram. So that's, that's a bit. But I think Have. We can still reinstate it. That's the problem. That's. I'll look into it. And also at the same time, I think we should look into the other products. So the two pack, four pack, make sure that they have the newer images so that Amazon doesn't come back and then say, hey, you cannot change images right now because that's a new product.

Speaker A: But it's not. Right. It's just a different label.

Speaker B: Well, Amazon will say even if you change something, according to Amazon, even if you mention that, why change this? They will secret a new listing.

Speaker A: I've never seen people do it. Like, I mean.

Speaker B: Okay, well, they don't, they don't think they have everything. Probably they have policies and everything written and they just follow it. And most of those people are either from India or from the Philippines. Yeah, and they don't.

Speaker A: But every time I call, this is painful. Like. Yeah, it's general to be helpful. You can tell that they can't make decisions, you know, and yeah, it's, it's. They're hard to understand. And, and that's my business. I run call centers. They're not great. They're not investing really in their call centers, but whatever.

Speaker B: Well, I wish you could get Amazon's business running their call centers. Probably the service will be much better.

Speaker A: I can tell you. I'm about to deploy a call center. No, probably in the next four months in India. Not sure where yet, but there's now AI accent neutralization software that works in real time.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker A: it's pretty amazing. Yeah, I mean, I mean it, it. And I've, I've seen CSAT data from before and after and it goes up by like 150%. That's, that's, that's how shallow people are. You know, they, they could, they, they associate no accent with high quality. But you know, it is what it is. Anyway, what do you need from me?

Speaker B: What do I need from you right now? Right. Okay, so I need inventory from

Speaker A: plenty of bottles, but I, I'll probably know

Speaker B: more

Speaker A: about the ETA for the sachets, which, that the label doesn't change by the way. It's the same exact label and all that I'm not touching anymore. So I, I should hopefully more. No more precise date this week sometimes, but we'll see. So that, yeah. So then we have both bottles and, and I wonder if you should do a, I wonder if we should do a one ball and one sachet package as like an intro thing, you know? I don't know.

Speaker B: Okay, we can definitely do that, but I don't think that would be a primary mover for now if you ask me. Well, bottle, I'm glad that we have that. We just need to send more inventory for the two pack and four pack and all. Yeah, we need that back. And if you remember, I proposed, I once proposed that we do this kind of testing even with the pricing changes and for certain keywords. So I, I think that can be a, an important thing to do. And then apart from that, tea bags, these are the three primary moves. Yeah, I don't think that if we combine two things, yes, you'll probably see some purchases, but that's not going to be a big deal.

Speaker A: No, no, no, no, I know, I know. It would just be like, you know, strategic, like some intro thing. But you're right, it's not going to move the needle. Okay, so, so if I see this right, Step one, try to get more bottle quantities online. Step two, you know, we'll make the sachets, try to get those back online. And step three, in the meantime we'll do some research into tea bags.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: I mean that, it's just like there's nothing involved like, I mean, well, putting this stuff into a tea bag, right? Yeah, yeah, I'm not worried about that at all. I like actually. Well, there's a, I like the tea bag these guys are using. Those are like the high end ones, like these little Kermit looking things, you know. Have you seen that before there?

Speaker B: No, I haven't. Their price point is very interesting by the way. It's $15

Speaker A: because there's nothing in it. There's a. How much? Let's probably half a gram or like a gram in there maybe. You know, this is probably zero. I mean

Speaker B: go with a bit higher. I would like a higher price point. Point. That's my point.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I think that's, I think that's what the brand. I mean we've always been almost the highest price, you know, but this is, yeah, this is. Doesn't. I, I, I have to look at all the ingredient listings, but. Let's see how much but is like a cur model, right? Like how. Or the Nespresso thing. If you do the math on how much you're paying for coffee, if you use Nespresso, it's like I don't forgot the exact number, but it's like four times as much as when you buy a pound of coffee. Right.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Same applies here.

Speaker B: Right. You know, Deadly. One more thing I need from you, I may need from you I'm not sure if we have that already, but I may need some images for the 2 pack, 4 pack and 6 pack capsules listings because depending on what you have now, we may need to change some of those images. So I'll make a list of things, list of graphic design I need from you and then I'll send it to you on Fiverr. Or I'll just email it to you.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Check. Check out the chat. That's what we have in the store. That's what I meant. I. These are some of these. I did the 12 pack one and. And the two pack one. I did too. This store has been redone too. Whatever. The store is kicking off about three and a half to $4,000 right now. I think it can. It's. It's like the worst checkout experience.

Speaker B: Oh, so is it like a monthly revenue or.

Speaker A: No, if I look at all the shopify. Like if, you know, if I look at monthly sales over the last eight months or something like that, the average, you know.

Speaker B: Would you like to pursue another thing? It's in Canada, so I see. Asia Keys trademark. We had this discussion before.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Their registration date is expiring on 2025. August. Yeah, August 1st. This.

Speaker A: All right. Wait, did the trademark expires for good here?

Speaker B: It remains valid for 10 years. Right.

Speaker A: So then they have to renew it.

Speaker B: So when they apply to renew. If we can do something about that. I'm not sure sure if we can, but if we can. So you see this date? This is a registration expiration date.

Speaker A: Wow.

Speaker B: Yeah. And

Speaker A: yeah. So as far as I know, these guys have sued us before, or not sued, but what do you call that? Season Assist letters. You know.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Because they're pretty protective of the brand. But it didn't. It didn't hold up because we're in the U.S. you know.

Speaker B: Right. Uhhuh.

Speaker A: Yeah. I would love to make that more difficult.

Speaker B: For sure they have design marks, but I don't think this will hold.

Speaker A: Right, right. Well, yeah, I mean, let's do it, dude. For sure.

Speaker B: Well, if you want to give me a try. I just wanted to remind you one more time.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I'll take. All right. Okay. So are those images good enough for you in the store or do. I mean, you know, I can go to Fiverr and have somebody make some more.

Speaker B: What was that?

Speaker A: I'm sorry? You said you asked for more images, product images.

Speaker B: Oh, okay.

Speaker A: So I put a link. Did you see the link in the store? So are those good enough? If not, then we can have Some more made. You know,

Speaker B: I think we can use this.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think it's fine.

Speaker B: Yeah, they look fine. And I'll still review, and if I need something else, I'll let you know.

Speaker A: Yeah, I probably have that guy who made these renderings. I probably. On fiber. Like, you can probably do some more, you know.

Speaker B: Sure. Oh,

Speaker A: how do you want to do payment?

Speaker B: The payment? Yeah. So it's like we are managing the ads for almost half of the month, right? And the product listing statement, I'll charge 100 for that. The listing statement, and then I'll charge half of the fee for the month.

Speaker A: How about I just pay you the regular 750 or whatever that was. You know, whatever like the monthly was just to show you some goodwill and. And, you know, appreciate, like, you know.

Speaker B: I mean, I would appreciate that if you do it.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just say yes.

Speaker B: All right. That's great.

Speaker A: That's all right. So let me know when you have that thing ready in fiverr, and then I'll do whatever I have to do.

Speaker B: I. I sent it to you. I think it's still valid.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay, I'll go there.

Speaker B: Yeah. All right.

Speaker A: All right. I have. I have to go in three minutes. Anything else we got to cover here?

Speaker B: That's all for now. De. Please keep me posted on the teabag and. And session.

Speaker A: Yeah, sure. We'll do. I will have home if I don't see you before, which probably won't. It's always. It's. I always find it weird to come back home because, you know, wait, did you grow up in India or not?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Yeah. Same like when I come. But I always find it very strange to go back to Germany because all the memories I have are nostalgic childhood memories. So I'm like, oh, this is so great, and come back, they'll be like, I don't know. This kind of sucks here.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. You know what? Last time I came here, that was almost after six years.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: I would just go out, walk alone and see things around me and try to remember, like, try to feel how it used to be. This time it's more normal. But last time I did that.

Speaker A: Yeah, I do the same thing. So I go to the old school, you know, and like. Oh, yeah. But as an adult, you know, like, life is very different. Like, you know. Anyway. All right. Hey, thanks so much for your help. Appreciate it. And, yeah, I'll go into fiverr today and. And take care of that. And then I'll let you know as soon as I know more. About TBX and. And sachet timing.

Speaker B: All right. Yeah. Thank you so much.

Speaker A: All right, thank you. Bye.

Speaker B: Yeah, bye.

