Transcript for: Recording__242.mp4
Title: Recording #242
============================================================

Only have one, so that's in Ottawa. So it's a lot easier. Manages Costco and as well as Shopify and Amazon. So I think in Canada, it's a bit simpler, but in us it's a bit more complex because Costco has its own thing and then Green Rabbit has its its own. And so one of the things we've kind of been struggling with is figuring out how to manage our costs. So our P and L came in for June and for Amazon.com, our shipping and handling was 62%, I believe, and our COGS was 29% of our revenue. So those two combined adds up to like 91%, which gives us no money for anything else. So we can't advertise according to that. We can't do anything. So one of the key things that I really need your help on is managing the flow of inventory. Like, are we moving the product correctly? And I think one of the things that Shoham and I have been trying to figure out is like, are the products even listed appropriately? Are we paying the right fees on Amazon? So if I look at, for example, our two Joy Burst products, which are in the exact same box, they weigh exactly the same. It's just two different flavors. The fees that we pay for one box versus the other are completely different. That all of that makes a huge difference once you actually kind of start breaking it down. But I really need somebody to help me identify those issues. And the only way that I catch that is when I'm looking at it late at night, at like 2 o' clock in the morning before going to bed, and I'm like, oh, my God, why is this different? This makes no sense. So anything that you could do to kind of help us catch those things. And right now we've been using the Band Aid solution of when we uncover something like that. Then I email Shoham Shohams Refund Pros, and they kind of look at it. But there has to be a better way for us to manage our inventory flows, any kind of operational things. And one other thing that I would love for you to kind of start taking a look at and getting familiar with is, is when we do get these invoices from Green Rabbit specifically because they're our most expensive warehouse. Like, are the fees making sense? So, like, when I was doing an audit of their shipments, I would scroll through all the like, FedEx fees. And if a FedEx fee is like, they're usually between like $10 and $15, but there are some that are like 300 and I'm like, why? So then I look at that order, and I try to see how many items, like, what happened with that order? Was it a split order? And I. And a lot of the times, actually, every time that I've tried to do that audit, I've caught things that were in the invoices that were not supposed to be there. Whether it's. They would double charge us for the number of separate containers that they have. So it would be like, oh, they have, like, three different pallets of the exact same sku and they're charging us for each pallet or for each SKU multiple times. So there are things that once you start looking at those fees, you'll be like, that doesn't make sense. And we could go back to them and be like, hey, you know what? Like, that actually doesn't make sense. And the three times that I've actually taken the time to look into it, the first time, they owed us $25,000. The second time, because they were overcharging us on the number of ice packs they were including. And that became obvious because I was like, why do some packages have, you know, ice packs when the temperature in Chicago was cold? Like, why are we including that? And they were like, oh, you're right. We had the system set up wrong. So they were including ice packs with everything. So that automatically was an overcharge. The second time, it was with the fulfillment fees and the storage fees, where they were, like, charging us a lot more than they should have. I think normally they should charge us $40 per pallet, but they charged us repeatedly for, like, the same pallet, like, three times. So, like, that we caught. And the third time was lost product. And I think, Shoham, it was you who figured that out, that, like. Like, the cups didn't arrive and whatever, and that was another $8,000. And it is those kinds of things that I need somebody looking at those invoices every time they come in. Not just sometimes when Shoham and I have time, but if we get an invoice from Green Rabbit, I love for you to be like, okay, I'm going to spend an hour going through it. And if something doesn't make sense, ask a question of, like, what is this? Why is this like that? So, like, we could set up a meeting with them and then be like, hey, guys, like, can you walk us through, like, what's happening here? And in the three times we've done it, we've got our money back, and we've improved that. So I. I can't improve our cogs, but our shipping and handling. Something's going wrong. We should not be paying 62% of shipping. So, like, that's the kind of stuff. And that's the primary reason why I was like, shoham, we need help here. Like, it can't just be you and me. We need somebody who could actually be like our dedicated, just a person to help us with operations, management of the product flow and management of those fees. Okay, so any questions on that? I know that was a lot and I know, like you're like, oh my God. But any questions that you have, like, initially? No, I was just wondering how can I get that, like the flow. Like, do you have somebody who is doing dealing with that? Like I should talk to her to get a email ID and have a look at that. Like, what's going on? The invoices? Yes. So the invoices, they usually email us on monthly basis. And I forwarded to Shoham usually just so he could input it in that spreadsheet. So I think that the latest. I think whether it's for June or July. Shoham, maybe you could forward her those. Sure. So from now on, every time I get them, I'll just send them to both of you guys so you can have it. Okay. And I'd be happy to like kind of go through it with you like the first times to be like, okay, this is what doesn't make sense to me and you can ask me any questions that you have. So once you have those, have a look at them and Showham forward the same one to me so we can kind of look at it simultaneously and then we can, you know, discuss it together as a team. Sure. Okay. And I think Balari joined the meeting with Kristen and Alexis today and another meeting today morning with Kristen. Good. The earlier one was about order fulfillments she is going to take. She already knows, has learned how to do that probably, so she will be taking over that very soon. But then another thing is. Sorry. Okay. And. And also the inventory management so that it seems like she may need some time within maybe one or two weeks, I don't know, whatever. She may need to see how it's done a few times. But then do you want the entire thing to be handled by her so that no one else has to be involved? Yes, that would be ideal because Kristen has an entirely different job description and I've always been pulling her because I'm like, Kristen, I'm stuck. I have nobody. So then I keep pulling her. But like, that's not really what she's supposed to be doing. So if we could, you know, have you kind of own that, and if you have any questions at all, Kristen will be able to help you train or sit through it with you or shadow you or answer any questions. But I think it would be great if we had, like, one person responsible for it. And another thing is about. Remember Stephanie used to send us a weekly report on account health and then buy box issues and everything. Do you think that should be. We should start that again? Yeah, that would be great. Okay. That's all of my questions for regarding hard tasks. Okay. All right. And Bilar, do you have any questions right now? Is it overwhelming? Is it all too much? No, it's okay. I'm getting used to it. Like, I. Because I had morning and four of us sat down, and I, like, they go through all the process, and I saw that, and it's actually simple because I'm already done with Amazon Shopify, so I know I'm with the team. I just have to get familiar with the process, how they do that, and that's it. Okay, great. And the one last piece that actually comes to mind, which is kind of tough to manage, is we have finance slash operations kind of combined internally, and this guy Sean, who kind of runs it on our end. So, like, when they create a shipment to be shipped to Green Rabbit, I'm always like, has it arrived? Has it arrived? Did it get listed? Like, and it could. Like, we could go through, like, if I don't keep asking, we can sit on a product that's been delivered to a warehouse for, like, two weeks about it. And that's a problem because we've lost weeks of trying to do those sales. So I think that the problem is, is that we don't actually have a visibility into that process of, like, has it shipped? What should be on the shipment? Has it been all uploaded or has it not? Is something missing? In the case of, you know, the $8,000 worth of cups that we. They lost. So, like, it's those kinds of things that as the time goes on, like, I don't want to overwhelm you right off the bat, but, like, we need to just have better visibility of the movement of our product and listing it as soon as it arrives at the warehouse. Because each day of us just paying for the storage fee at the warehouse and not even listing it, we're losing money. Got it. Awesome. Okay. Oh, and the last thing I know, I always have these. Like, I was like, one more thing, one more thing. When you do Log in. Whether it's into Green Rabbit or PSS or Ottawa. One thing to keep in mind is, like, our expiry dates. So obviously we're dealing with food. Food expires within, like, at the most, 18 months of being produced. And what's often happened is Kristin would be like, oh, it's expiring, like next month. Oh, see? So if that happens, we have to flag that product and mark it on sale. The best way to clear through it is to mark it on sale on Shopify. So if we're marking it on sale at Shopify, that's when you would email me and Maria to be like, mark a discount. Get an email out to all our consumers and it'll go out. We could post about it on Social. And the reason why I say on Shopify is that on Shopify, our margins are healthier because we don't just sell that one box that we've discounted. Usually if they just pick that one box for like 10, $15 and they have to pay for shipping, so we don't lose as much money. But if we sell a product for that same price on Amazon, then we have all the Amazon fees and you've lost. Yeah. So the margins are much better on Shopify. And usually when people are like, oh, I'm not going to pay for shipping, I'll just add another product or two, then you're covered because they bought three boxes of something, even if they got one for 10 bucks. Got it. So on that note, we have a huge amount of those keto variety bars like Peanut Butter Fudge. I think we're shipping something like 16,000 of them to Green Rabbit and they are expiring in October. So we have like, what, two.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Only have one, so that's in Ottawa. So it's a lot easier. Manages Costco and as well as Shopify and Amazon. So I think in Canada, it's a bit simpler, but in us it's a bit more complex because Costco has its own thing and then Green Rabbit has its its own. And so one of the things we've kind of been struggling with is figuring out how to manage our costs. So our P and L came in for June and for Amazon.com, our shipping and handling was 62%, I believe, and our COGS was 29% of our revenue. So those two combined adds up to like 91%, which gives us no money for anything else. So we can't advertise according to that. We can't do anything. So one of the key things that I really need your help on is managing the flow of inventory. Like, are we moving the product correctly? And I think one of the things that Shoham and I have been trying to figure out is like, are the products even listed appropriately? Are we paying the right fees on Amazon? So if I look at, for example, our two Joy Burst products, which are in the exact same box, they weigh exactly the same. It's just two different flavors. The fees that we pay for one box versus the other are completely different. That all of that makes a huge difference once you actually kind of start breaking it down. But I really need somebody to help me identify those issues. And the only way that I catch that is when I'm looking at it late at night, at like 2 o' clock in the morning before going to bed, and I'm like, oh, my God, why is this different? This makes no sense. So anything that you could do to kind of help us catch those things. And right now we've been using the Band Aid solution of when we uncover something like that. Then I email Shoham Shohams Refund Pros, and they kind of look at it. But there has to be a better way for us to manage our inventory flows, any kind of operational things. And one other thing that I would love for you to kind of start taking a look at and getting familiar with is, is when we do get these invoices from Green Rabbit specifically because they're our most expensive warehouse. Like, are the fees making sense? So, like, when I was doing an audit of their shipments, I would scroll through all the like, FedEx fees. And if a FedEx fee is like, they're usually between like $10 and $15, but there are some that are like 300 and I'm like, why? So then I look at that order, and I try to see how many items, like, what happened with that order? Was it a split order? And I. And a lot of the times, actually, every time that I've tried to do that audit, I've caught things that were in the invoices that were not supposed to be there. Whether it's. They would double charge us for the number of separate containers that they have. So it would be like, oh, they have, like, three different pallets of the exact same sku and they're charging us for each pallet or for each SKU multiple times. So there are things that once you start looking at those fees, you'll be like, that doesn't make sense. And we could go back to them and be like, hey, you know what? Like, that actually doesn't make sense. And the three times that I've actually taken the time to look into it, the first time, they owed us $25,000. The second time, because they were overcharging us on the number of ice packs they were including. And that became obvious because I was like, why do some packages have, you know, ice packs when the temperature in Chicago was cold? Like, why are we including that? And they were like, oh, you're right. We had the system set up wrong. So they were including ice packs with everything. So that automatically was an overcharge. The second time, it was with the fulfillment fees and the storage fees, where they were, like, charging us a lot more than they should have. I think normally they should charge us $40 per pallet, but they charged us repeatedly for, like, the same pallet, like, three times. So, like, that we caught. And the third time was lost product. And I think, Shoham, it was you who figured that out, that, like. Like, the cups didn't arrive and whatever, and that was another $8,000. And it is those kinds of things that I need somebody looking at those invoices every time they come in. Not just sometimes when Shoham and I have time, but if we get an invoice from Green Rabbit, I love for you to be like, okay, I'm going to spend an hour going through it. And if something doesn't make sense, ask a question of, like, what is this? Why is this like that? So, like, we could set up a meeting with them and then be like, hey, guys, like, can you walk us through, like, what's happening here? And in the three times we've done it, we've got our money back, and we've improved that. So I. I can't improve our cogs, but our shipping and handling. Something's going wrong. We should not be paying 62% of shipping. So, like, that's the kind of stuff. And that's the primary reason why I was like, shoham, we need help here. Like, it can't just be you and me. We need somebody who could actually be like our dedicated, just a person to help us with operations, management of the product flow and management of those fees. Okay, so any questions on that? I know that was a lot and I know, like you're like, oh my God. But any questions that you have, like, initially?

Speaker B: No, I was just wondering how can I get that, like the flow. Like, do you have somebody who is doing dealing with that? Like I should talk to her to get a email ID and have a look at that. Like, what's going on?

Speaker C: The invoices?

Speaker A: Yes. So the invoices, they usually email us on monthly basis. And I forwarded to Shoham usually just so he could input it in that spreadsheet. So I think that the latest. I think whether it's for June or July. Shoham, maybe you could forward her those.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: So from now on, every time I get them, I'll just send them to both of you guys so you can have it.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: And I'd be happy to like kind of go through it with you like the first times to be like, okay, this is what doesn't make sense to me and you can ask me any questions that you have. So once you have those, have a look at them and Showham forward the same one to me so we can kind of look at it simultaneously and then we can, you know, discuss it together as a team.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker C: Okay. And I think Balari joined the meeting with Kristen and Alexis today and another meeting today morning with Kristen.

Speaker A: Good.

Speaker C: The earlier one was about order fulfillments she is going to take. She already knows, has learned how to do that probably, so she will be taking over that very soon. But then another thing is. Sorry. Okay. And. And also the inventory management so that it seems like she may need some time within maybe one or two weeks, I don't know, whatever. She may need to see how it's done a few times. But then do you want the entire thing to be handled by her so that no one else has to be involved?

Speaker A: Yes, that would be ideal because Kristen has an entirely different job description and I've always been pulling her because I'm like, Kristen, I'm stuck. I have nobody. So then I keep pulling her. But like, that's not really what she's supposed to be doing. So if we could, you know, have you kind of own that, and if you have any questions at all, Kristen will be able to help you train or sit through it with you or shadow you or answer any questions. But I think it would be great if we had, like, one person responsible for it.

Speaker C: And another thing is about. Remember Stephanie used to send us a weekly report on account health and then buy box issues and everything. Do you think that should be. We should start that again?

Speaker A: Yeah, that would be great.

Speaker C: Okay. That's all of my questions for regarding hard tasks.

Speaker A: Okay. All right. And Bilar, do you have any questions right now? Is it overwhelming? Is it all too much?

Speaker B: No, it's okay. I'm getting used to it. Like, I. Because I had morning and four of us sat down, and I, like, they go through all the process, and I saw that, and it's actually simple because I'm already done with Amazon Shopify, so I know I'm with the team. I just have to get familiar with the process, how they do that, and that's it.

Speaker A: Okay, great. And the one last piece that actually comes to mind, which is kind of tough to manage, is we have finance slash operations kind of combined internally, and this guy Sean, who kind of runs it on our end. So, like, when they create a shipment to be shipped to Green Rabbit, I'm always like, has it arrived? Has it arrived? Did it get listed? Like, and it could. Like, we could go through, like, if I don't keep asking, we can sit on a product that's been delivered to a warehouse for, like, two weeks about it. And that's a problem because we've lost weeks of trying to do those sales. So I think that the problem is, is that we don't actually have a visibility into that process of, like, has it shipped? What should be on the shipment? Has it been all uploaded or has it not? Is something missing? In the case of, you know, the $8,000 worth of cups that we. They lost. So, like, it's those kinds of things that as the time goes on, like, I don't want to overwhelm you right off the bat, but, like, we need to just have better visibility of the movement of our product and listing it as soon as it arrives at the warehouse. Because each day of us just paying for the storage fee at the warehouse and not even listing it, we're losing money.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: Awesome. Okay. Oh, and the last thing I know, I always have these. Like, I was like, one more thing, one more thing. When you do Log in. Whether it's into Green Rabbit or PSS or Ottawa. One thing to keep in mind is, like, our expiry dates. So obviously we're dealing with food. Food expires within, like, at the most, 18 months of being produced. And what's often happened is Kristin would be like, oh, it's expiring, like next month. Oh, see? So if that happens, we have to flag that product and mark it on sale. The best way to clear through it is to mark it on sale on Shopify. So if we're marking it on sale at Shopify, that's when you would email me and Maria to be like, mark a discount. Get an email out to all our consumers and it'll go out. We could post about it on Social. And the reason why I say on Shopify is that on Shopify, our margins are healthier because we don't just sell that one box that we've discounted. Usually if they just pick that one box for like 10, $15 and they have to pay for shipping, so we don't lose as much money. But if we sell a product for that same price on Amazon, then we have all the Amazon fees and you've lost. Yeah. So the margins are much better on Shopify. And usually when people are like, oh, I'm not going to pay for shipping, I'll just add another product or two, then you're covered because they bought three boxes of something, even if they got one for 10 bucks.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: So on that note, we have a huge amount of those keto variety bars like Peanut Butter Fudge. I think we're shipping something like 16,000 of them to Green Rabbit and they are expiring in October. So we have like, what, two.

