Transcript for: Recording__244.mp4
Title: Recording #244
============================================================

So here, what I was saying is you probably also got to hear some unfamiliar terms. For example, sponsored brand, Sponsored product, Sponsored display, dsp. You are probably not familiar with four of these. And you are not, you're definitely not. I think you shouldn't be. And also there are a few things like sns. This is you. I told you, subscribe and save. SNS is basically subscribe and save. That's how they are, just abbreviating it, nothing else. But let me tell you a little bit about sponsored products. Sponsored brand, Sponsored display and dsp. What these are, these are basically different advertisement types. Let me even show you here. So this is, let me go. This is, this is actually the seller central platform. And I'm going to the add console. I, I can only. Right now, I can only. So sorry again. Okay, let me, let me do that. I'll need to get accustomed to it. Please bear with me. Enter Screen Share. Okay, so this is the ad console on Amazon, Seller central. Okay? And I'm trying to show you different ad types. So if I click on Create campaigns, you don't have access to it right now, but in the future I'll think about giving you access to it because you will need that. You can. Right now you don't. And here you will see three ad types. You can see three ad types here. Sponsored products, Sponsored brands, Sponsored display. And this is what that person was talking about. And he also said another thing that is dsp. DSP is another ad type here. It's outside of this console. It's a different thing. People don't usually have access to these brands directly, don't have access to this platform. Agencies do. So here, this is also another kind of ads. We'll talk more about those, each ad types later on in depth because you will need to develop some understanding of that. But I just wanted to give you an overview. Okay, and, and that's it for this, this one. Let's let me actually go back. Stop sharing these and then again start sharing. Okay. All right. Okay, so let's hear this slide one more time. Okay. Because now you will probably understand a little bit more or maybe let me tell you a little bit more completely what, what else he said. You now understand that this person is organizing the data per user, right? That's why on the left you see user one and then user two. And what this person is trying to do is even though you cannot pull this data or extract this data on Amazon, by the way, amc by the way, because this is user level data, you will have to Aggregate them and then do something and then you can export them. So what this person is trying to do is, this person is giving us an example that you can do all these things so you can see what the customer's purchase journey was. So let's say I am a customer, I go to Amazon and then search for something and then I'm scrolling, right? And viewing different products. That way each of the products that I'm viewing gets an impression. Alright. And then probably I see one product that I seem to think that it's going to be a good one for me. So let me check it out. I click on that, right? And then I view the detail page and then I see, well, this is what I need, so let's purchase it. And then I click on purchase and I bought it. So this is what is happening here. You see the first three lines. This person look at the date and time too. It's 8:34pm at night, right? He was, he probably searched for something and then this ASIN got an impression. So the thing is you cannot get the overall view like what, what are the, what are all the asins that you got to see? So you can only get the branded data. So, so let's say we as a brand are doing the analysis for our brand. So we'll get to see how the customers are interacting with our brand only, not other brands. It's of course something we shouldn't be getting. So here for example, the first three lines you will see 8:34, he was scrolling through probably and then he took about, you see, 34 minute, 24 seconds, 3501 to decide. That much time to decide, okay, I should take this product out. So he clicks on that and then he takes another three minute probably to see some images, read whatever is written on the product detail page and then decides, okay, this is something that I want and this is a good fit. So he purchased it, right? And then what you see on the last column is it's a new to brand. So because this customer was, he never bought from this brand before and because he purchased this product for the first time, it's showing, okay, to our brand, this customer is a new person, new customer. That's why it's showing true for new to brand. Yeah. And then what's happening? Observe. So this person, next month, February 28th, almost on the, it's on the last day of February, he's coming back and then he is buying that same product again. You see, the ASIN is the same, he's buying the same Product again. And this time he didn't. You see, there are no other events. He probably knew what he has to buy and he just got the product. So. So at this time the new to brand matrix is false because he's not new anymore to the brand. He bought it bought from the brand before. Now observe next day on March, he is coming again looking for some product. And then he saw a product, another product from the same brand that he purchased twice before and he clicked on that and then purchased it. It's a different product, you see, because the Asin is different. And he took about 10 minutes to decide that, that he wants to purchase this product. And then the new to brand metric is false because he's not new to the brand anymore. Right. And then the similar event happens after, after a few days. And by that I mean of course one month and 22 days. And then he bought another product here. Oh no, it's not another product. It's actually the first product. He repeated that, right? Yep, yeah, yep, yep. Okay, so that happened for the. That's the customer journey of one customer. And we can get all these data, all these granular data from amc. Now he. We can also see what happened for the second customer here. This customer is. It's compared to what I just said. Okay, when do you subscribe and save? You see this customer event is subscribe and save. And it's true, that means new to brand. He is new to brand. See, he went for subscribe and save right from the beginning. That's not very usual. But that can happen, right? Most cases probably they will not do subscribe and save. Or maybe they're doing it so that they can get that little bit of discount and then cancel it before the second order. Anyway. So this is the customer journey for the second customer. That is what it is in this slide. Do you have any question? None so far. None so far. Okay, everything's clear. And you're also getting the recording so you can re watch all the time. No problem. Yeah, and let's go to the next slide. Then we don't have to play this one more again. Okay, let's start. And ideally that's a purchase or subscription. Then we went in. Want to sort of define cohorts because we're not going to, you know, Amazon, you know, certainly ain't going to hand us, you know, user IDs or email addresses. You because of the way it's built sort of privacy first. But we can start to aggregate customers into sort of privacy safe cohorts. And so Here we can then say, okay, we can think of it sort of longitudinally of like, okay, this is what's happening over time. So September, October, December, pretty easy. And then what are then these sort of, where do they sort of end up? And so you can see sort of like within October sponsor product impression, click purchase, new brand. December impression, click purchase, not new to brand. So sort of sort of two different ways of thinking through what is happening on this individual user. To me the key here is within NTB and how that math is working. Because one of the things we want to think through is both what does it cost to acquire the customer and then what does it cost to maintain the customer and then what does the customer do over a longer period of time, both on an asin, a brand and even a sort of event vendor level across brand. And so really seeing sort of the spidering effect, you know, of that initial purchase. Okay, so let's go back to this slide here. Did you understand the he here is, he's, he's saying basically that you cannot export the user level data that he showed in the last two slides. That's why you have to be able to define cohorts, then you can export the aggregated data. So even in this slide he's showing this user id, you cannot export this data that is particularly for this user. But rather you have to define a group of users, cohort, customer cohort and then export this data. That's what he's saying. Okay, got it, got it. Okay, let me explain a few more things. Here you see the first event. So this is for a particular user, again a customer's jar. So here what is happening is this customer first we have here, it's showing September's data. That's when he started interacting with our brand. The first thing that he's showing here is it is actually DSP impression. So DSP is a kind of advertisement, I told you so maybe DSP is a kind of advertisement that one can see on Amazon platform and also outside of Amazon platform. You know, based on, let's say you are on the site Amazon.com and then you are browsing and then they have your first party data and Amazon has wide reach, they have partnerships with different websites and all like they have dsp. Amazon DSP is demand side platform basically. So what they will do is they will leverage your first party data to know what you may be interested in and show you ads even when you are browsing, let's say a site like Mainsail or anything, any there are so many DSPs of course a big thing. But so when, even when you are not on Amazon website, even when you're browsing something else, you they may be able to show you advertisement. So dsp, that's where DSP is coming from. So this person was exposed to a DSP advertisement. That's why. But that person probably didn't click on it. September, in September, that's why you can see only one event DSP impression. Then later on he was also exposed to sponsored product impressions. So maybe sponsored products is by the way only available on Amazon. Amazon's website. It's not outside of Amazon, not off Amazon. So he was probably browsing on Amazon and then came across an advertisement on Amazon but didn't click on it. Then again another DSP impression. So then again in October, the first thing that happened in October is another he was again searching for the product. Looks like this person is need something, he's interested in finding a solution. So he again searched for something in October after September he didn't do anything, he didn't purchase anything September. But he had this in mind in October he's searching for it and then clicking on it and finally purchasing it. Now he bought the product again for the first time actually. So he's a new to brand customer. And similarly here I told you that a DSP can target the customers even off Amazon. So because this person is now associated with the brand, the brand may have his data. I mean they won't have user level data but aggregated and then may say well whoever bought it from me this month in October or within the last 30 days, I want to target them and remind them to repurchase from us. So probably they did that and that's why the customer saw their advertisement probably when they were browsing off Amazon or even off on Amazon, clicked on it and then purchased it in December. Again now he is not a new, not new to brand anymore. Right. This is what is happening on this slide. So this cohort, I mean here it's not a cohort, it's a part user data. But anyway, so all he meant was a topic was that it has to be defined as a cohort. You have to assign a cohort. And that's what you did in the problem that I gave you. You define the cohort as the February, whoever purchased in February, you assumed all of those are new to brand customers. That was in the question. So you didn't have to deal with that and, and you just defined all of them as your cohort and then you did the analysis on them. That's it. So I believe it is clear. Is it? Yep, very clear. Okay, very clear. If I take too much of time, we can even stop, I mean, at 4 and then continue from tomorrow. Looks like that will be the case because I'm taking too much time to explain plan and. Yeah, and let's play, let's play, let's play. What's after this? So now what we're doing is we're saying, okay, number of purchasers, you know, horizontally, you know, on the x axis. So in February we had 81,000, you know, purchasers. And then we can then look at the decay by month. So of the people that purchase in February, 81,012.6, then repeated in March, in April, 11th, 30, May, 9.5, sort of same thing, you know, across each month. And then you sort of, then you see the gap because obviously, you know, they purchased in March, so there's, you know, there's not going to be, you know, anything, you know, pre the initial purchase and that's why it decays. You can then look at sort of and then horizontally what percent return, you know, at least one more month. And so you can then look across that and be like, okay, hey, what does my repeat purchase behavior actually look at? And then we can do this on net new customers. We can really do it in any sort of cohort you'd like. We like sort of dividing it up between sort of new to brand repeats, new to brand sns, and then repeat sns, and we'll talk more about those and the value that they create as we keep going. Okay, so this is something very, this is not exactly what you did, but this is something, if you have done that, done what you have done in the test, the exercise. This is also a very similar concept. And I actually had a second part of the problem which I didn't keep because I wanted to keep it simple. But anyway, this concept is very, very similar. And I don't know, do you want me to explain this a little bit here? I think you can skip. I can skip this one. Okay, good. All right then, so let's go here and this one, this one, and even the next one is, by the way, based on the new to brand cohort only. And also, of course, we're defining a time frame. For example, in our exercise, it was February and new to brand. Now let's play this one. So then we can then say like, okay, now we're going to look at purchases returning and then we can have that sort of basically a Mirror on the left hand side. And you can see, look at. So you know, over the, you know, the trailing year, 33%, you know, end up, you know, returning. But then we can also quantify it not just on a percentage basis, but we can do it on a dollars basis. So then we can start saying, okay, well, here's the initial purchase and then how much is this cohort then generating in revenue per month going? So then we then say, like the initial purchase is about $30 or so, but then over a year it's 61.99. And so you're actually your return. So everybody's looking at the ad consoles and being like, ooh, I put a nickel in, two weeks later I get a dime back. But in reality, Amazon's really damn good at reselling items. And so you're not. So yes, the ad consoles are saying what happened two weeks ago? Or one day ago, depending on sort of how you want to filter it. But what AMC is allowing us to do is say, well, what happens over a year? And how much value is, you know, is this acquisition, you know, actually driving for me? Because we know that people are repeat, you know, purchasing over and over again. But before amc, there was no way to see this, you know, so in the sort of like. So the two ways you could kind of see it were, you know, within brand analytics, you had the repeat purchase report. That report hasn't been updated in a decade and the look back is only a quarter, so very limiting. So the other way you could kind of back into it is sort of your SNS financial backup report. But again, that's only on SNS purchases, is not pure repeat. And it also doesn't tie back to a user nor how they got there. Within amc, we can start to see tying down to a user, aggregating it up, seeing where they came from and what does that path to purchase look like? Okay, so here I think, although this is something that is not very difficult, although you will feel some difficulty when you will actually be implementing it, but it's not very difficult. If there is any, any doubt, then we can talk about it. And it's actually very simple here. So what they have said is, I think there are a few things that I should talk about here. First of all, Just this concept that, you know, why AMC is advantageous. Let me talk about that a little bit. What happens is when we are at the add console, that is, let me share my entire screen again. That is here what happens is we don't get the concept of the values related to repeat purchase or the new to brand customers. For all ad types, especially sponsored products, ad type and sponsored products. Ad type is kind of 80% of what we do. Even though there are two more ad types on the console and then DSP. So sponsored product is 80% of what you do. And still it doesn't give us metrics like new to brand from the console. And because of that, what happens is if we just look at this console, we end up getting the data that we get is not a clear picture. Doesn't give us a clear picture. Here we can just see things like ACOs. ACOs are ROAs. Let me go for ROAs. That will probably be a little bit more simple. So roas is return on ad spend. Basically how much you are spending on ads divided by. Sorry, how much we are selling from ads divided by how much you are spending on ads. So for example, this is a campaign from this campaign. The ROAS is 2.8. So that means whatever we spent on this campaign, 15 $31, we got 2.8 times of that during this time frame as revenue. But you know what it's not telling us? It's not telling us how much these people, first of all, how many of these people are new to brand. We don't know. And another thing is we don't know how many times down the line they will purchasing from us and what this number will look like. This number will look like in the end, let's say in a year. So now it may say, well, it's just 2.8 ROAS, but maybe if we give these new to brand customers one year of time, they will purchase again and again and we will not need to spend that much on ad to keep them purchasing from us. And in the end, you see, in the beginning it was just 30.54 and it more than doubled in one year. So if we have a clear picture like this, that this is how much they are going to buy in the end, then we can decide how much we actually want to spend. When we are acquiring a new customer, we're bringing in a new customer to our brand. And I wanted to just give you this idea because that will help you understand why we are doing it in the first place. Why is this important at all? Yep, got it. Okay, awesome. So let's move forward. Cool. Is it okay, kerry? Sure. Yeah. Okay. All right. So then we can start to compare the cohorts. And again, these are cohorts that we pick that we find is interesting, but this can be done. Sky's the limit. You can do it. The nice thing with that is everything's customizable. We can then say new to brand, no sns. Oh, you cannot probably hear it. Right, Yep. I'm so sorry again. Okay, It's funny. Anyway, so let's do it now from. And what does that. You need to do it up, seeing where they came from and what does that path to purchase look like. So then we can start to compare the cohorts. And again, these are sort of cohorts that, you know, we picked that we find this interesting. But this can be done. You know, sky's the limit. You can sort of do it, you know, and then the nice thing without it is everything's customizable. So we can then say new to brand, no sns. How many purchasers are there? New to brand and then they subscribe. How many are there? Obviously, so new to brand, no SNS, 81,000. New brand SNS 11,000. Loyalty. So these are people that we're seeing purchase, you know, you know, repeatedly 110,000 and then loyalty SNS, you know, 22,000. We can then look at sort of what is the, you know, first month average sales, you know, sort of just a GMV calculation. And then we can say that over the next 11 months how much additional sales there are. And so you can see that like your new demands are lower obviously. But then you can start comparing sort of what, you know, what happens within SNS versus non sns and how much does that then drive? Okay, now one huge, huge watch out SNS within AMC right now and Amazon, we're going back and forth and working with them closely on this. It only includes the initial SNS purchase, it does not include the subsequent purchases. It's a gap in attribution and sort of an upstream system as far as how to do it longer term that will then be pulled into amc. My guess is over the next month or two. And so when, my expectation is that when you look at loyalty sns, that number will pull probably double just because of how valuable those customers are. But again, you can then start to look at sort of, okay, how many customers am I getting? How much value are they driving? What are these various cohorts? And then starting to figure out, well, who are these folks and how do I sort of reach them and then get more of them? Because ultimately what we're trying to do is figure out what are those high average value customers and then pull more of them in and then pull more of them across and we'll talk more about Cross selling as we go. Okay, cool. So here it's nothing. But the cohorts that they have defined is of course February cohort first of all and even within the February cohort, just like in the exercise you did. Okay, greater than one, greater than two. Those are also segments. Right in February cohort. Here what they have done is within February cohort. These are further cohorts where it's like new to brand. New, no, subscribe and save and then subscribe and save and new to brand. So they are new to brand, but they are already like the first purchase was subscribe and save and then loyal. No subscribe and save. You know what, these people, I will say they don't go for subscribe and save, but they keep on purchasing from the brand again and again and again. And another thing is loyal, subscribe and save. So these people buy again and again and they are also subscribed to the product. This is how they are segmenting the product. And they are doing this analysis over. They are basically comparing one month of the one month average sales for these every cohort. And then I think this is not 11 months or this is probably 12. Whatever. This is over defined over a time period. 11 months or 12 months or 14 months like in the exercise. We'll calculate that number and this is a plot of the of those numbers. This is basically it. So I think is this, is this okay too? Yep, this is okay. This is okay. Awesome. Okay, let's go, go forward then. Okay, let's see. By the way, we have done most of these things. So after you understand this, probably tomorrow we'll explore which. Because these are done. We'll, we'll. It's all in those AMC 101 document. So we'll try to track which code is for what. Okay. All right. Customers. And then pull more of them in and then pull more of them across. I'll talk more about cross selling as we go. So then you can then sort of start this. And this is going to become really interesting. If I'm a large vendor or large seller with lots of different brands, I can start to compare them and see sort of what does the churn look like, what does the repeat look like. And so you can see here on the table on the left, you know, brand A versus brand B. And so like let's look in. So just sort of thinking about, you know, January. This is a category that's you know, you know, pretty high around, you know, New Year, new you and you see purchases BRAND A 160,000 in January, in February, 7% repeat. And then in March, 8.8 and 7.8, all the way down to all in about 34%, 35% then repeat. Now look at brand B. Now in February, 12%, so 70% higher than brand A, then 9%, then 6. And then it's almost an exponential decay as far as what the repeat purchases. So they've got a leaky bucket versus brand A. It's a linear decay. And so it's like you see the repeats and you see the repeats. And so what you end up seeing is sort of brand, you know, brand A, once they got them, they hang on to them and these people repeat over and over. These are, these are annuity customers. Brand B. Like yeah, you're getting, you know, a quarter of them are repeating. But look down at the bottom, it's only 1.8% are repeating, you know, the following, you know, 11 months later. And so if I'm a brand, these are two totally different strategies as far as, you know, one, where do I spend the money? Because which one do I want to grow based off of what the repeat purchases? And then two, it's like, well, how do I fix the leaky bucket? And how much does that behaviorally because of the category versus this might be a deficiency within the brand. That one is something we may need to compare to brand A versus brand B. Because we, for some clients we do have multiple brands. And so the things that he said, which brand do we spend on first? Which one should we grow? That's something we may need to determine. But this is something that we haven't done. We avoided this one. But this is also important. So let's move forward to the next one. So then we can start saying, okay, well more interesting is then the idea of like what's point of market entry? And then what are then the downstream impacts of that point of market entry. And so we can then start to, we can start to timestamp and again this is all one user on the left hand side. And then we can see when are they purchasing what Asin and is it new to brand, how much revenue is that then driving. But then we can later see that what does that customer end up doing? Well, yeah, a lot of times they repeat on that same asin, but they oftentimes repeat on what we call a downstream asin. And so a downstream asin. So if I go in and the classic example is diapers. So I go in and I buy diaper size N or 1 and then later I'm then buying size 2, size 3, size 4. Great. So I can then tie back that original campaign to the POMI ASIN to then say, oh, this is where they start. So this is actually like I'm willing to pay much more for that acquisition because they're not just going to repeat on size N, they're going to go, they're going to hang within my brand franchise, you know, all the way through, you know, through pull ups now and then. But then more interestingly is like okay, well okay, if they start on diapers, do they then end up buying wipes later? And so, okay, sort of, you know, could be under a different brand or then where do they go within the rest of my portfolio. So it's not just, you know, sort of did they repeat on the single asin, but then what happens across the entire vendor catalog? And then how do you figure out the cross purchase propensity across these individual ASINs to figure out what is point of market entry and then what are then those downstream impacts and then what is then that spiraling effect across your catalog? Second, repeat the question please one more time. Sure. So for this particular slide we see that there is a point of market, market entry as well as a downstream asin. Is there any identifier in AMC which we can use to determine whether it's a downstream or point of market? I, I have the idea that it is the original purchase or the original item that the customer purchased. But for the downstream, is it all successful succeeding purchases or is, is there a specific criteria before it is considered? Got it. Okay, that's a very nice question. So what we will do is to my understanding this was, this is something that we are also stuck with. So I'll, I'll tell you how much I remember. So point of marketing entry is definitely, you understand that that's going to be the new. That's when the customer is new to brand. Right? The new customer, whatever he purchases with his first order is the point of market entry. And at that time, by the way, he may not only buy one ASC or one product, he may purchase multiple products in the first order itself. Right. Then you will have to say, well we have multiple point of market entry ac Right. But also if we want to do. Well, that's one thing. Now let's say whatever he purchases afterwards from the brand is subsequent. Right. So and, and we can say, well let's take a look at all those subsequent purchases. Did he purchase, did he repeat purchase the first, the point of market entry a scene or did he purchase something Else, if he purchased something else, then that's Basically a downstream ASIN, not the point of market entry ASIN's repeat. Because you can now say, well, this person is purchasing other products than the first product that he bought from the same brand. Right. Does that answer your question to some extent? Yep. That answer is like that. Your question was technical. Your question was how would you differentiate between these two ASINs? But the thing is, because of the attribution, you will get to see which product they purchased in the beginning and then later down the road. So that's how you will have to figure out how you can, you know, manipulate the data and then define which one is downstream asin, a different ASIN that they purchased later on, and which ones are the just the repeat purchases of the point of market entry asin. Okay, all right, so that's that. This is a very interesting slide by the Very, very interesting. I love this one. Just propensity across these individual ASINs to figure out what is point of market entry and then what are then those downstream impacts and then what is then that spiraling effect across your catalog. So this is a way to sort of, then visualize it, you know, on, on a dollar basis. And so you can see sort of, hey, they come in in Feb, you know, you know, of 2022. And then we can look at sort of the revenue driven by them, you know, on the left hand side, very similar to the table that we showed before. But now what we're doing is we're breaking it apart. So not just the POMI asin, which is in blue, but then same thing then, same subcategory, same brand, downstream sales. Okay, so that would then be okay, they, they go in, they buy, you know, diapers, they then trade up to, you know, a bigger size. Makes sense. And then same brand, you know, downstream sales. So now this is done in a different subcategory. So now they go and they buy wipes. And so we can then see it's like, okay, it's not just on an individual ASIN level, it's across your entire portfolio. And so this is then key to see sort of where you should be spending your time promoting. Because if you can figure out what the POMI asins are, that then drive the largest downstream impact, that's where you should be then shifting the dollars. Because this is then saying it's like, it's not just what happens over two weeks. It's not just what happens on an asin, it's what happens across your entire vendor catalog over a Much longer period of time to figure out what your actual return of your investment is. So I believe this is it. By the way, you also saw this table on the left before, right? And you saw this dollar value at that in that slide. They didn't mention lifetime value, but this is the, actually the lifetime value by the way, for 12 month period. Because we are taking a look at 12 month only, right? This is not 12 months. This is probably 11 months. 11 months LTV. And, and also it's not just what they're doing to understand what they're doing to understand. It's also important to understand why they are doing it. You now see that, okay, behind this analysis, the purpose is that if we know which point of market entry asing is bringing the highest impact down the line over a longer period of time, we should be shifting or spending more ads, more money on ads for that product because it seems like people are going to stay with us longer and buy more products if that's the point of market entry product. So these are the kind of decisions we would be able to make for our clients if we have, have the ability to get this kind of insights. Okay, you know what, I don't know, maybe we can do one more slide and then we can call it a day. Okay, let's look at this and then we can start layering in the media spend for each event so we can figure out how much we're spending. And we can then say like what is the event that's happening, when is it happening? What is the campaign pain that it's, it's, that's driving? We can get much more granular and we can figure out the actual dollar amounts, you know, both for acquiring the customer as well as maintaining that. And so we can then start to look at this longitudinally as well. Because we would want to say like, we know that sometimes, you know, this gets into sort of like the idea of how much is actually incremental but then diving in much deeper to say like okay, well how much am I spending to acquire? How much am I spending to maintain? How much am I spending to sort of prevent or fixed churn? So then what is. So this one, you know, all the purposes that they're saying, this person is saying is so important to understand because that's, that's is going to serve if we do these things right. So I was also listening and thinking, well yeah, it looks very, it sounds very interesting. I should probably watch this video one more time. So you understand that I have a clearer idea. Why do we want to do this now on this slide. What he said that, well, last things, last few slides, they discussed about what is giving you more revenue in the long run. But another thing that they didn't consider is the cost behind driving those revenue. So now they want to start considering that in this slide they're doing it. They're like, okay, so if we are acquiring, we're spending on new to brand coming customers, right? We want to acquire new customer, they're new to brand. So how much are you going to spend on acquiring new customers? And then how much do we have to spend on keeping those customers or retaining those customers so that they keep on purchasing from us down the line? That's what they're calculating. For example, in this example, it's for just one user. If you notice, if you observe the timestamp wise from the beginning impression, I don't have to describe that. And then again, the same day he purchased the product, sorry, clicked on the product. Now let me tell you why this is. There's a spend when they clicked. So whenever, not whenever by the way, I will will be more descriptive about that. But from this ad console for sponsored products, for sponsored products, for sponsored brand and and to some extent for Sponsored Display, not all of sponsored display are in pay per click model. So whenever a customer clicks on the ad, the brand has to pay. So that's why you see. Sorry. Oh again, again, I'm so sorry. I have to stop sharing and then reshare. Okay, so I mean here for sponsored products, Sponsored brand and sponsored display to like all of sponsored products and sponsored brands are in pay per click model. Some of sponsored Display are in pay per click model. So when a customer, whenever a customer clicks on those ads, it's always like the brand has to pay for every click. But dsp, for example here there is dsp. It's not per click, it's part thousand impressions. So the brand has to pay per thousand impressions, not click whenever the customer views that the brand is going to be charged. That's how it would work. Now here what's happening is that's why you will see this. Customer clicked. So the brand paid $3. They were just $3 for the click. And then eventually on the same day they purchased, which is good. We don't have any spend associated with that. And then again you see this purchase, this was organic purchase. That's why they didn't click on any advertisement. Probably either they went straight to the product page or maybe they found it organically and then they bought it. They didn't click on any ad so we didn't spend any money on them. And then again we are the brand is now retargeting, right? Because these people have already purchased, they have acquired a new customer and now they want to keep them in the loop so they purchase again. So they're using dsp. And you see because the customers saw that, saw that ad here the brand has to pay. So it's like. It's like pay per thousand impressions. So here probably they are calculating how much it cost for one impression hopefully or whatever it is. But they are paying per impression. And then what happened is they clicked on the ad and then they viewed the product detailed page view. Okay, we don't have to pay anything for dsp. I mean here for this event because it's not impression, we just have to pay for impression. And then again sponsored products for impression we don't have to pay anything for click. They clicked on the product so we paid. And then again from DSP they purchased. We don't have to pay anything here because it's not, it's not view. I think it's direct purchase or something. So no cost is associated with that. So this is how they are explaining it. So what they are trying to do here, you see we have a new to brand purchase happened here in the third line and then any purchase that happened afterwards is. We can see three are basically repeat purchases. So what they will do in the next slide they will actually show that. Okay, so we spent $3 to acquire the new customer, the customer one and then we spent 2.6 dollar to retain them. Got it. So what they will do is they will just separate the spend for acquiring the new customer versus retention. That's what they will do in the next session. But we will not go there today. So how does this sound, Kerwin? Sounds good to me. Sounds good. Okay, so I'm going to pause the recording here.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: So here, what I was saying is you probably also got to hear some unfamiliar terms. For example, sponsored brand, Sponsored product, Sponsored display, dsp. You are probably not familiar with four of these. And you are not, you're definitely not. I think you shouldn't be. And also there are a few things like sns. This is you. I told you, subscribe and save. SNS is basically subscribe and save. That's how they are, just abbreviating it, nothing else. But let me tell you a little bit about sponsored products. Sponsored brand, Sponsored display and dsp. What these are, these are basically different advertisement types. Let me even show you here. So this is, let me go. This is, this is actually the seller central platform. And I'm going to the add console.

Speaker B: I, I can only. Right now, I can only.

Speaker A: So sorry again. Okay, let me, let me do that. I'll need to get accustomed to it. Please bear with me. Enter Screen Share. Okay, so this is the ad console on Amazon, Seller central. Okay? And I'm trying to show you different ad types. So if I click on Create campaigns, you don't have access to it right now, but in the future I'll think about giving you access to it because you will need that. You can. Right now you don't. And here you will see three ad types. You can see three ad types here. Sponsored products, Sponsored brands, Sponsored display. And this is what that person was talking about. And he also said another thing that is dsp. DSP is another ad type here. It's outside of this console. It's a different thing. People don't usually have access to these brands directly, don't have access to this platform. Agencies do. So here, this is also another kind of ads. We'll talk more about those, each ad types later on in depth because you will need to develop some understanding of that. But I just wanted to give you an overview. Okay, and, and that's it for this, this one. Let's let me actually go back. Stop sharing these and then again start sharing. Okay. All right. Okay, so let's hear this slide one more time. Okay. Because now you will probably understand a little bit more or maybe let me tell you a little bit more completely what, what else he said. You now understand that this person is organizing the data per user, right? That's why on the left you see user one and then user two. And what this person is trying to do is even though you cannot pull this data or extract this data on Amazon, by the way, amc by the way, because this is user level data, you will have to Aggregate them and then do something and then you can export them. So what this person is trying to do is, this person is giving us an example that you can do all these things so you can see what the customer's purchase journey was. So let's say I am a customer, I go to Amazon and then search for something and then I'm scrolling, right? And viewing different products. That way each of the products that I'm viewing gets an impression. Alright. And then probably I see one product that I seem to think that it's going to be a good one for me. So let me check it out. I click on that, right? And then I view the detail page and then I see, well, this is what I need, so let's purchase it. And then I click on purchase and I bought it. So this is what is happening here. You see the first three lines. This person look at the date and time too. It's 8:34pm at night, right? He was, he probably searched for something and then this ASIN got an impression. So the thing is you cannot get the overall view like what, what are the, what are all the asins that you got to see? So you can only get the branded data. So, so let's say we as a brand are doing the analysis for our brand. So we'll get to see how the customers are interacting with our brand only, not other brands. It's of course something we shouldn't be getting. So here for example, the first three lines you will see 8:34, he was scrolling through probably and then he took about, you see, 34 minute, 24 seconds, 3501 to decide. That much time to decide, okay, I should take this product out. So he clicks on that and then he takes another three minute probably to see some images, read whatever is written on the product detail page and then decides, okay, this is something that I want and this is a good fit. So he purchased it, right? And then what you see on the last column is it's a new to brand. So because this customer was, he never bought from this brand before and because he purchased this product for the first time, it's showing, okay, to our brand, this customer is a new person, new customer. That's why it's showing true for new to brand. Yeah. And then what's happening? Observe. So this person, next month, February 28th, almost on the, it's on the last day of February, he's coming back and then he is buying that same product again. You see, the ASIN is the same, he's buying the same Product again. And this time he didn't. You see, there are no other events. He probably knew what he has to buy and he just got the product. So. So at this time the new to brand matrix is false because he's not new anymore to the brand. He bought it bought from the brand before. Now observe next day on March, he is coming again looking for some product. And then he saw a product, another product from the same brand that he purchased twice before and he clicked on that and then purchased it. It's a different product, you see, because the Asin is different. And he took about 10 minutes to decide that, that he wants to purchase this product. And then the new to brand metric is false because he's not new to the brand anymore. Right. And then the similar event happens after, after a few days. And by that I mean of course one month and 22 days. And then he bought another product here. Oh no, it's not another product. It's actually the first product. He repeated that, right? Yep, yeah, yep, yep. Okay, so that happened for the. That's the customer journey of one customer. And we can get all these data, all these granular data from amc. Now he. We can also see what happened for the second customer here. This customer is. It's compared to what I just said. Okay, when do you subscribe and save? You see this customer event is subscribe and save. And it's true, that means new to brand. He is new to brand. See, he went for subscribe and save right from the beginning. That's not very usual. But that can happen, right? Most cases probably they will not do subscribe and save. Or maybe they're doing it so that they can get that little bit of discount and then cancel it before the second order. Anyway. So this is the customer journey for the second customer. That is what it is in this slide. Do you have any question?

Speaker B: None so far.

Speaker A: None so far. Okay, everything's clear. And you're also getting the recording so you can re watch all the time. No problem. Yeah, and let's go to the next slide. Then we don't have to play this one more again. Okay, let's start.

Speaker C: And ideally that's a purchase or subscription. Then we went in. Want to sort of define cohorts because we're not going to, you know, Amazon, you know, certainly ain't going to hand us, you know, user IDs or email addresses. You because of the way it's built sort of privacy first. But we can start to aggregate customers into sort of privacy safe cohorts. And so Here we can then say, okay, we can think of it sort of longitudinally of like, okay, this is what's happening over time. So September, October, December, pretty easy. And then what are then these sort of, where do they sort of end up? And so you can see sort of like within October sponsor product impression, click purchase, new brand. December impression, click purchase, not new to brand. So sort of sort of two different ways of thinking through what is happening on this individual user. To me the key here is within NTB and how that math is working. Because one of the things we want to think through is both what does it cost to acquire the customer and then what does it cost to maintain the customer and then what does the customer do over a longer period of time, both on an asin, a brand and even a sort of event vendor level across brand. And so really seeing sort of the spidering effect, you know, of that initial purchase.

Speaker A: Okay, so let's go back to this slide here. Did you understand the he here is, he's, he's saying basically that you cannot export the user level data that he showed in the last two slides. That's why you have to be able to define cohorts, then you can export the aggregated data. So even in this slide he's showing this user id, you cannot export this data that is particularly for this user. But rather you have to define a group of users, cohort, customer cohort and then export this data. That's what he's saying. Okay, got it, got it. Okay, let me explain a few more things. Here you see the first event. So this is for a particular user, again a customer's jar. So here what is happening is this customer first we have here, it's showing September's data. That's when he started interacting with our brand. The first thing that he's showing here is it is actually DSP impression. So DSP is a kind of advertisement, I told you so maybe DSP is a kind of advertisement that one can see on Amazon platform and also outside of Amazon platform. You know, based on, let's say you are on the site Amazon.com and then you are browsing and then they have your first party data and Amazon has wide reach, they have partnerships with different websites and all like they have dsp. Amazon DSP is demand side platform basically. So what they will do is they will leverage your first party data to know what you may be interested in and show you ads even when you are browsing, let's say a site like Mainsail or anything, any there are so many DSPs of course a big thing. But so when, even when you are not on Amazon website, even when you're browsing something else, you they may be able to show you advertisement. So dsp, that's where DSP is coming from. So this person was exposed to a DSP advertisement. That's why. But that person probably didn't click on it. September, in September, that's why you can see only one event DSP impression. Then later on he was also exposed to sponsored product impressions. So maybe sponsored products is by the way only available on Amazon. Amazon's website. It's not outside of Amazon, not off Amazon. So he was probably browsing on Amazon and then came across an advertisement on Amazon but didn't click on it. Then again another DSP impression. So then again in October, the first thing that happened in October is another he was again searching for the product. Looks like this person is need something, he's interested in finding a solution. So he again searched for something in October after September he didn't do anything, he didn't purchase anything September. But he had this in mind in October he's searching for it and then clicking on it and finally purchasing it. Now he bought the product again for the first time actually. So he's a new to brand customer. And similarly here I told you that a DSP can target the customers even off Amazon. So because this person is now associated with the brand, the brand may have his data. I mean they won't have user level data but aggregated and then may say well whoever bought it from me this month in October or within the last 30 days, I want to target them and remind them to repurchase from us. So probably they did that and that's why the customer saw their advertisement probably when they were browsing off Amazon or even off on Amazon, clicked on it and then purchased it in December. Again now he is not a new, not new to brand anymore. Right. This is what is happening on this slide. So this cohort, I mean here it's not a cohort, it's a part user data. But anyway, so all he meant was a topic was that it has to be defined as a cohort. You have to assign a cohort. And that's what you did in the problem that I gave you. You define the cohort as the February, whoever purchased in February, you assumed all of those are new to brand customers. That was in the question. So you didn't have to deal with that and, and you just defined all of them as your cohort and then you did the analysis on them. That's it. So I believe it is clear. Is it?

Speaker B: Yep, very clear.

Speaker A: Okay, very clear. If I take too much of time, we can even stop, I mean, at 4 and then continue from tomorrow. Looks like that will be the case because I'm taking too much time to explain plan and. Yeah, and let's play, let's play, let's play. What's after this?

Speaker C: So now what we're doing is we're saying, okay, number of purchasers, you know, horizontally, you know, on the x axis. So in February we had 81,000, you know, purchasers. And then we can then look at the decay by month. So of the people that purchase in February, 81,012.6, then repeated in March, in April, 11th, 30, May, 9.5, sort of same thing, you know, across each month. And then you sort of, then you see the gap because obviously, you know, they purchased in March, so there's, you know, there's not going to be, you know, anything, you know, pre the initial purchase and that's why it decays. You can then look at sort of and then horizontally what percent return, you know, at least one more month. And so you can then look across that and be like, okay, hey, what does my repeat purchase behavior actually look at? And then we can do this on net new customers. We can really do it in any sort of cohort you'd like. We like sort of dividing it up between sort of new to brand repeats, new to brand sns, and then repeat sns, and we'll talk more about those and the value that they create as we keep going.

Speaker A: Okay, so this is something very, this is not exactly what you did, but this is something, if you have done that, done what you have done in the test, the exercise. This is also a very similar concept. And I actually had a second part of the problem which I didn't keep because I wanted to keep it simple. But anyway, this concept is very, very similar. And I don't know, do you want me to explain this a little bit here?

Speaker B: I think you can skip.

Speaker A: I can skip this one. Okay, good. All right then, so let's go here and this one, this one, and even the next one is, by the way, based on the new to brand cohort only. And also, of course, we're defining a time frame. For example, in our exercise, it was February and new to brand. Now let's play this one.

Speaker C: So then we can then say like, okay, now we're going to look at purchases returning and then we can have that sort of basically a Mirror on the left hand side. And you can see, look at. So you know, over the, you know, the trailing year, 33%, you know, end up, you know, returning. But then we can also quantify it not just on a percentage basis, but we can do it on a dollars basis. So then we can start saying, okay, well, here's the initial purchase and then how much is this cohort then generating in revenue per month going? So then we then say, like the initial purchase is about $30 or so, but then over a year it's 61.99. And so you're actually your return. So everybody's looking at the ad consoles and being like, ooh, I put a nickel in, two weeks later I get a dime back. But in reality, Amazon's really damn good at reselling items. And so you're not. So yes, the ad consoles are saying what happened two weeks ago? Or one day ago, depending on sort of how you want to filter it. But what AMC is allowing us to do is say, well, what happens over a year? And how much value is, you know, is this acquisition, you know, actually driving for me? Because we know that people are repeat, you know, purchasing over and over again. But before amc, there was no way to see this, you know, so in the sort of like. So the two ways you could kind of see it were, you know, within brand analytics, you had the repeat purchase report. That report hasn't been updated in a decade and the look back is only a quarter, so very limiting. So the other way you could kind of back into it is sort of your SNS financial backup report. But again, that's only on SNS purchases, is not pure repeat. And it also doesn't tie back to a user nor how they got there. Within amc, we can start to see tying down to a user, aggregating it up, seeing where they came from and what does that path to purchase look like?

Speaker A: Okay, so here I think, although this is something that is not very difficult, although you will feel some difficulty when you will actually be implementing it, but it's not very difficult. If there is any, any doubt, then we can talk about it. And it's actually very simple here. So what they have said is, I think there are a few things that I should talk about here. First of all, Just this concept that, you know, why AMC is advantageous. Let me talk about that a little bit. What happens is when we are at the add console, that is, let me share my entire screen again. That is here what happens is we don't get the concept of the values related to repeat purchase or the new to brand customers. For all ad types, especially sponsored products, ad type and sponsored products. Ad type is kind of 80% of what we do. Even though there are two more ad types on the console and then DSP. So sponsored product is 80% of what you do. And still it doesn't give us metrics like new to brand from the console. And because of that, what happens is if we just look at this console, we end up getting the data that we get is not a clear picture. Doesn't give us a clear picture. Here we can just see things like ACOs. ACOs are ROAs. Let me go for ROAs. That will probably be a little bit more simple. So roas is return on ad spend. Basically how much you are spending on ads divided by. Sorry, how much we are selling from ads divided by how much you are spending on ads. So for example, this is a campaign from this campaign. The ROAS is 2.8. So that means whatever we spent on this campaign, 15 $31, we got 2.8 times of that during this time frame as revenue. But you know what it's not telling us? It's not telling us how much these people, first of all, how many of these people are new to brand. We don't know. And another thing is we don't know how many times down the line they will purchasing from us and what this number will look like. This number will look like in the end, let's say in a year. So now it may say, well, it's just 2.8 ROAS, but maybe if we give these new to brand customers one year of time, they will purchase again and again and we will not need to spend that much on ad to keep them purchasing from us. And in the end, you see, in the beginning it was just 30.54 and it more than doubled in one year. So if we have a clear picture like this, that this is how much they are going to buy in the end, then we can decide how much we actually want to spend. When we are acquiring a new customer, we're bringing in a new customer to our brand. And I wanted to just give you this idea because that will help you understand why we are doing it in the first place. Why is this important at all?

Speaker B: Yep, got it.

Speaker A: Okay, awesome. So let's move forward.

Speaker C: Cool.

Speaker A: Is it okay, kerry? Sure. Yeah. Okay. All right.

Speaker C: So then we can start to compare the cohorts. And again, these are cohorts that we pick that we find is interesting, but this can be done. Sky's the limit. You can do it. The nice thing with that is everything's customizable. We can then say new to brand, no sns.

Speaker A: Oh, you cannot probably hear it. Right, Yep. I'm so sorry again. Okay, It's funny. Anyway, so let's do it now

Speaker C: from. And what does that. You need to do it up, seeing where they came from and what does that path to purchase look like. So then we can start to compare the cohorts. And again, these are sort of cohorts that, you know, we picked that we find this interesting. But this can be done. You know, sky's the limit. You can sort of do it, you know, and then the nice thing without it is everything's customizable. So we can then say new to brand, no sns. How many purchasers are there? New to brand and then they subscribe. How many are there? Obviously, so new to brand, no SNS, 81,000. New brand SNS 11,000. Loyalty. So these are people that we're seeing purchase, you know, you know, repeatedly 110,000 and then loyalty SNS, you know, 22,000. We can then look at sort of what is the, you know, first month average sales, you know, sort of just a GMV calculation. And then we can say that over the next 11 months how much additional sales there are. And so you can see that like your new demands are lower obviously. But then you can start comparing sort of what, you know, what happens within SNS versus non sns and how much does that then drive? Okay, now one huge, huge watch out SNS within AMC right now and Amazon, we're going back and forth and working with them closely on this. It only includes the initial SNS purchase, it does not include the subsequent purchases. It's a gap in attribution and sort of an upstream system as far as how to do it longer term that will then be pulled into amc. My guess is over the next month or two. And so when, my expectation is that when you look at loyalty sns, that number will pull probably double just because of how valuable those customers are. But again, you can then start to look at sort of, okay, how many customers am I getting? How much value are they driving? What are these various cohorts? And then starting to figure out, well, who are these folks and how do I sort of reach them and then get more of them? Because ultimately what we're trying to do is figure out what are those high average value customers and then pull more of them in and then pull more of them across and we'll talk more about Cross selling as we go.

Speaker A: Okay, cool. So here it's nothing. But the cohorts that they have defined is of course February cohort first of all and even within the February cohort, just like in the exercise you did. Okay, greater than one, greater than two. Those are also segments. Right in February cohort. Here what they have done is within February cohort. These are further cohorts where it's like new to brand. New, no, subscribe and save and then subscribe and save and new to brand. So they are new to brand, but they are already like the first purchase was subscribe and save and then loyal. No subscribe and save. You know what, these people, I will say they don't go for subscribe and save, but they keep on purchasing from the brand again and again and again. And another thing is loyal, subscribe and save. So these people buy again and again and they are also subscribed to the product. This is how they are segmenting the product. And they are doing this analysis over. They are basically comparing one month of the one month average sales for these every cohort. And then I think this is not 11 months or this is probably 12. Whatever. This is over defined over a time period. 11 months or 12 months or 14 months like in the exercise. We'll calculate that number and this is a plot of the of those numbers. This is basically it. So I think is this, is this okay too?

Speaker B: Yep, this is okay.

Speaker A: This is okay. Awesome. Okay, let's go, go forward then. Okay, let's see. By the way, we have done most of these things. So after you understand this, probably tomorrow we'll explore which. Because these are done. We'll, we'll. It's all in those AMC 101 document. So we'll try to track which code is for what. Okay. All right.

Speaker C: Customers. And then pull more of them in and then pull more of them across. I'll talk more about cross selling as we go. So then you can then sort of start this. And this is going to become really interesting. If I'm a large vendor or large seller with lots of different brands, I can start to compare them and see sort of what does the churn look like, what does the repeat look like. And so you can see here on the table on the left, you know, brand A versus brand B. And so like let's look in. So just sort of thinking about, you know, January. This is a category that's you know, you know, pretty high around, you know, New Year, new you and you see purchases BRAND A 160,000 in January, in February, 7% repeat. And then in March, 8.8 and 7.8, all the way down to all in about 34%, 35% then repeat. Now look at brand B. Now in February, 12%, so 70% higher than brand A, then 9%, then 6. And then it's almost an exponential decay as far as what the repeat purchases. So they've got a leaky bucket versus brand A. It's a linear decay. And so it's like you see the repeats and you see the repeats. And so what you end up seeing is sort of brand, you know, brand A, once they got them, they hang on to them and these people repeat over and over. These are, these are annuity customers. Brand B. Like yeah, you're getting, you know, a quarter of them are repeating. But look down at the bottom, it's only 1.8% are repeating, you know, the following, you know, 11 months later. And so if I'm a brand, these are two totally different strategies as far as, you know, one, where do I spend the money? Because which one do I want to grow based off of what the repeat purchases? And then two, it's like, well, how do I fix the leaky bucket? And how much does that behaviorally because of the category versus this might be a deficiency within the brand.

Speaker A: That one is something we may need to compare to brand A versus brand B. Because we, for some clients we do have multiple brands. And so the things that he said, which brand do we spend on first? Which one should we grow? That's something we may need to determine. But this is something that we haven't done. We avoided this one. But this is also important. So let's move forward to the next one.

Speaker C: So then we can start saying, okay, well more interesting is then the idea of like what's point of market entry? And then what are then the downstream impacts of that point of market entry. And so we can then start to, we can start to timestamp and again this is all one user on the left hand side. And then we can see when are they purchasing what Asin and is it new to brand, how much revenue is that then driving. But then we can later see that what does that customer end up doing? Well, yeah, a lot of times they repeat on that same asin, but they oftentimes repeat on what we call a downstream asin. And so a downstream asin. So if I go in and the classic example is diapers. So I go in and I buy diaper size N or 1 and then later I'm then buying size 2, size 3, size 4. Great. So I can then tie back that original campaign to the POMI ASIN to then say, oh, this is where they start. So this is actually like I'm willing to pay much more for that acquisition because they're not just going to repeat on size N, they're going to go, they're going to hang within my brand franchise, you know, all the way through, you know, through pull ups now and then. But then more interestingly is like okay, well okay, if they start on diapers, do they then end up buying wipes later? And so, okay, sort of, you know, could be under a different brand or then where do they go within the rest of my portfolio. So it's not just, you know, sort of did they repeat on the single asin, but then what happens across the entire vendor catalog? And then how do you figure out the cross purchase propensity across these individual ASINs to figure out what is point of market entry and then what are then those downstream impacts and then what is then that spiraling effect across your catalog?

Speaker A: Second, repeat the question please one more time. Sure.

Speaker B: So for this particular slide we see that there is a point of market, market entry as well as a downstream asin. Is there any identifier in AMC which we can use to determine whether it's a downstream or point of market? I, I have the idea that it is the original purchase or the original item that the customer purchased. But for the downstream, is it all successful succeeding purchases or is, is there a specific criteria before it is considered?

Speaker A: Got it. Okay, that's a very nice question. So what we will do is to my understanding this was, this is something that we are also stuck with. So I'll, I'll tell you how much I remember. So point of marketing entry is definitely, you understand that that's going to be the new. That's when the customer is new to brand. Right? The new customer, whatever he purchases with his first order is the point of market entry. And at that time, by the way, he may not only buy one ASC or one product, he may purchase multiple products in the first order itself. Right. Then you will have to say, well we have multiple point of market entry ac Right. But also if we want to do. Well, that's one thing. Now let's say whatever he purchases afterwards from the brand is subsequent. Right. So and, and we can say, well let's take a look at all those subsequent purchases. Did he purchase, did he repeat purchase the first, the point of market entry a scene or did he purchase something Else, if he purchased something else, then that's Basically a downstream ASIN, not the point of market entry ASIN's repeat. Because you can now say, well, this person is purchasing other products than the first product that he bought from the same brand. Right. Does that answer your question to some extent?

Speaker B: Yep. That answer is like that.

Speaker A: Your question was technical. Your question was how would you differentiate between these two ASINs? But the thing is, because of the attribution, you will get to see which product they purchased in the beginning and then later down the road. So that's how you will have to figure out how you can, you know, manipulate the data and then define which one is downstream asin, a different ASIN that they purchased later on, and which ones are the just the repeat purchases of the point of market entry asin. Okay, all right, so that's that. This is a very interesting slide by the Very, very interesting. I love this one.

Speaker C: Just propensity across these individual ASINs to figure out what is point of market entry and then what are then those downstream impacts and then what is then that spiraling effect across your catalog. So this is a way to sort of, then visualize it, you know, on, on a dollar basis. And so you can see sort of, hey, they come in in Feb, you know, you know, of 2022. And then we can look at sort of the revenue driven by them, you know, on the left hand side, very similar to the table that we showed before. But now what we're doing is we're breaking it apart. So not just the POMI asin, which is in blue, but then same thing then, same subcategory, same brand, downstream sales. Okay, so that would then be okay, they, they go in, they buy, you know, diapers, they then trade up to, you know, a bigger size. Makes sense. And then same brand, you know, downstream sales. So now this is done in a different subcategory. So now they go and they buy wipes. And so we can then see it's like, okay, it's not just on an individual ASIN level, it's across your entire portfolio. And so this is then key to see sort of where you should be spending your time promoting. Because if you can figure out what the POMI asins are, that then drive the largest downstream impact, that's where you should be then shifting the dollars. Because this is then saying it's like, it's not just what happens over two weeks. It's not just what happens on an asin, it's what happens across your entire vendor catalog over a Much longer period of time to figure out what your actual return of your investment is.

Speaker A: So I believe this is it. By the way, you also saw this table on the left before, right? And you saw this dollar value at that in that slide. They didn't mention lifetime value, but this is the, actually the lifetime value by the way, for 12 month period. Because we are taking a look at 12 month only, right? This is not 12 months. This is probably 11 months. 11 months LTV. And, and also it's not just what they're doing to understand what they're doing to understand. It's also important to understand why they are doing it. You now see that, okay, behind this analysis, the purpose is that if we know which point of market entry asing is bringing the highest impact down the line over a longer period of time, we should be shifting or spending more ads, more money on ads for that product because it seems like people are going to stay with us longer and buy more products if that's the point of market entry product. So these are the kind of decisions we would be able to make for our clients if we have, have the ability to get this kind of insights. Okay, you know what, I don't know, maybe we can do one more slide and then we can call it a day. Okay, let's look at this and then

Speaker C: we can start layering in the media spend for each event so we can figure out how much we're spending. And we can then say like what is the event that's happening, when is it happening? What is the campaign pain that it's, it's, that's driving? We can get much more granular and we can figure out the actual dollar amounts, you know, both for acquiring the customer as well as maintaining that. And so we can then start to look at this longitudinally as well. Because we would want to say like, we know that sometimes, you know, this gets into sort of like the idea of how much is actually incremental but then diving in much deeper to say like okay, well how much am I spending to acquire? How much am I spending to maintain? How much am I spending to sort of prevent or fixed churn? So then what is.

Speaker A: So this one, you know, all the purposes that they're saying, this person is saying is so important to understand because that's, that's is going to serve if we do these things right. So I was also listening and thinking, well yeah, it looks very, it sounds very interesting. I should probably watch this video one more time. So you understand that I have a clearer idea. Why do we want to do this now on this slide. What he said that, well, last things, last few slides, they discussed about what is giving you more revenue in the long run. But another thing that they didn't consider is the cost behind driving those revenue. So now they want to start considering that in this slide they're doing it. They're like, okay, so if we are acquiring, we're spending on new to brand coming customers, right? We want to acquire new customer, they're new to brand. So how much are you going to spend on acquiring new customers? And then how much do we have to spend on keeping those customers or retaining those customers so that they keep on purchasing from us down the line? That's what they're calculating. For example, in this example, it's for just one user. If you notice, if you observe the timestamp wise from the beginning impression, I don't have to describe that. And then again, the same day he purchased the product, sorry, clicked on the product. Now let me tell you why this is. There's a spend when they clicked. So whenever, not whenever by the way, I will will be more descriptive about that. But from this ad console for sponsored products, for sponsored products, for sponsored brand and and to some extent for Sponsored Display, not all of sponsored display are in pay per click model. So whenever a customer clicks on the ad, the brand has to pay. So that's why you see. Sorry. Oh again, again, I'm so sorry. I have to stop sharing and then reshare. Okay, so I mean here for sponsored products, Sponsored brand and sponsored display to like all of sponsored products and sponsored brands are in pay per click model. Some of sponsored Display are in pay per click model. So when a customer, whenever a customer clicks on those ads, it's always like the brand has to pay for every click. But dsp, for example here there is dsp. It's not per click, it's part thousand impressions. So the brand has to pay per thousand impressions, not click whenever the customer views that the brand is going to be charged. That's how it would work. Now here what's happening is that's why you will see this. Customer clicked. So the brand paid $3. They were just $3 for the click. And then eventually on the same day they purchased, which is good. We don't have any spend associated with that. And then again you see this purchase, this was organic purchase. That's why they didn't click on any advertisement. Probably either they went straight to the product page or maybe they found it organically and then they bought it. They didn't click on any ad so we didn't spend any money on them. And then again we are the brand is now retargeting, right? Because these people have already purchased, they have acquired a new customer and now they want to keep them in the loop so they purchase again. So they're using dsp. And you see because the customers saw that, saw that ad here the brand has to pay. So it's like. It's like pay per thousand impressions. So here probably they are calculating how much it cost for one impression hopefully or whatever it is. But they are paying per impression. And then what happened is they clicked on the ad and then they viewed the product detailed page view. Okay, we don't have to pay anything for dsp. I mean here for this event because it's not impression, we just have to pay for impression. And then again sponsored products for impression we don't have to pay anything for click. They clicked on the product so we paid. And then again from DSP they purchased. We don't have to pay anything here because it's not, it's not view. I think it's direct purchase or something. So no cost is associated with that. So this is how they are explaining it. So what they are trying to do here, you see we have a new to brand purchase happened here in the third line and then any purchase that happened afterwards is. We can see three are basically repeat purchases. So what they will do in the next slide they will actually show that. Okay, so we spent $3 to acquire the new customer, the customer one and then we spent 2.6 dollar to retain them.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: So what they will do is they will just separate the spend for acquiring the new customer versus retention. That's what they will do in the next session. But we will not go there today. So how does this sound, Kerwin?

Speaker B: Sounds good to me.

Speaker A: Sounds good. Okay, so I'm going to pause the recording here.

