Transcript for: Recording__1059.mp4
Title: Recording #1059
============================================================

Back of the mouth and having that extra tension. Having that higher placement can lead to some difficulties. For example, pronouncing schwa, pronouncing certain T things I've had students with VAP general placement tell me, like flap T is more difficult. For example, V and W can be a little bit more difficult. Just some slight difficulties. So what I recommend is a couple things. Today we're going to talk about specific sounds that placement affects and something called secondary placement. But I also recommend going back to some of these things that have been a little challenging, practicing your placement with them and seeing if having that lower, more American placement can help help pronounce these more English sounds. So change placement and check. More challenging. Which ones Did I have difficulty with sounds? That's one thing to think about. I think I get everything right. You got everything right. Well, what were some things that were more difficult as you were learning it though? So even if you feel comfortable. Schwa, schwa, R. What are some other things that were difficult as you were learning it? So even if you feel comfortable with it now, it might make things easier altogether if you go back and say, hey, this was really difficult while I was learning. Let's see if placement can help or maybe make it more comfortable. Right. The double O was difficult at the beginning, but then I totally got it. The W. Double what? Double O. Like look. Double O doesn't make one sound though. So that can be a little misleading. Okay. Like look or loose. Like it can make different sounds. So that can be a little bit complicated. But you're talking about a short O Like that. Like, good look. Yes. Good. Book those words. Okay. Okay. What else? I think I had some difficulty with E. I had difficulty with everything anyway, so I had some difficulty with E. Definitely. I had some difficulty with that. Now it's better. I understand the concept. Fair enough. Fair enough. All right. So world of T is something that we covered a few different things on. Um, let's go ahead. We're going to do a warm up with placement. So lead me through the key practice. So we did the key practice a couple different times. Can you lead me through it? What practice? You're. I like how I'm like, yeah, we did the key practice. You're like, of course we did. I know. I mean, what is key practice? The key practice. So. So we're going to do the four different placements, right? Like E. Oh, okay. E and E. So the key. Key notes, keynotes. You were talking about the placements. Still talking about the placements. Yes. We're Going to be on placements for a minute. So can you lead me through the practice where you switch from the four different placements? Not easy for me. So the first one is nasal. So I will just hold my nose and I try to do the same thing without holding it. I'll just do it with the word. Let's say schwa. How about I do that? We can't do schwa. That's what I tried last time. Okay. Yeah, that's the nasal one. I don't know if I can do the frontal back. Back is normal. Probably. That's what I do. So I can definitely do back. Okay, so we're gonna pick. Let's pick. You're going with E, right? Yes. So you don't have to explain exactly. Just try to go like E. E, E. Okay. So I already. I already know the practice. Just go ahead and go through it and be like, okay, Nasal. Okay. Front. Just do that chest. Got it. Okay. All right, we'll try. Yeah. E. I don't know. A. I don't know. I don't think I have that much control yet. So nasal is something I can do, and then I can do something that is probably somewhere here. Not the frontal one. Okay. The frontal one is kind of more of like the British one, like E. E. Maybe oo Might be a little bit easier. Like, can be a little bit easier to turn to the front. Yeah, yeah. So it might be easier if you find a vowel that you could switch a little more fluidly. Like. Okay. I don't know how to do this from here. All right, let's. Let's practice it for sure. So we went over the schwa placement practice last time, right? Yes. So we talked about why schwa does not work with this practice, Right. Why does it not work? Why can't you do schwa with this practice? Because it's relaxed. We don't use any of the things here in the inside the mouth. Right. So if we do have, we try to raise our placement, which is the point of this practice is shifting your placement. If you shift your placement, schwa isn't going to be schwa anymore. Unfortunately, it's going to be a different sound. So let's go ahead and do a warm up with a little bit of schwa. And then we're going to actually talk about secondary placements by doing schwa. R. So if you could open the schwa practice page. We're just going to do this for a moment. Short practice. Okay. Yes. Now we're going to go ahead and do the Slack jaw. Practice. We're going to try to get our placement down to our chest. So remember, sitting up straight. Nice and relaxed. Roll your shoulders. We're gonna do just like the first three. So remember, like mount. Curd. Another. Yes. Okay, let me try. Amount. So nice. A little bit lazier. Amount. No amount. Card. Another. Yep. So one more time. Just stretch it a little bit and then say the rest of the word. Just as low with your placement. Just as lazy mouth occurred. Another. Now, the key is to get everything to be free of tension. Right. So don't add any more tension as you're speaking, you're going to be moving the muscles, but that's it. You can move your muscles without really, like, tensing them up. Right. So just move it without tension. So mount occurred. Okay, let me try again. Okay. Starting with the amount. The first time in amount. Okay, I'll drag it a little bit more. Mount. Card. Another award. Ward Award. Remember to move the lips for W. So you won't be adding too much tension, but you still want to get the movements in there. Ward. Oh, a word. See? Attention. Unless there you go against decision. Tendons. So I'm hearing a little bit of stress back there. It's becoming like ah instead of. So when you do have some of that tension coming up, it's not going to be schwa anymore. That's one thing to keep an ear out for. Not, ah. Tension. Tension. Attention. How did that sound? Better? If it didn't, I would. Tension. Yeah, tension. So I'm feeling like maybe your throat is just a little tense, especially, like, right around here. So your placement is lower. You don't have the tension here in the back as much, but it's shifting down and it's not completely letting go. That's what it sounds like. All right. Can you minimize the video here, like when I switch to other tabs? Minimize what? Minimize the video so that I can still see you. I'm not sure what you mean by video like this call. Usually when you're on zoom, it just minimizes the speaker, I think, unfortunately, it doesn't have that pop up when you're on something else. Oh, well, I have to. Do I have to end up having my screen kind of smaller and then also don't get me started on teams, but yeah, there we go. That was the schwa practice. Any questions on that one, though? I think we're nice and warmed up with that one. No. No questions so far. We're going to move on to the next part, which is schwa. R. So schwa R. Practice. And there's a very specific reason we're doing schwa R. You're going to love it. So let's start with ir. Okay? Yeah. Okay. So schwa, R. We're not pronouncing these vowels. So actually having a lower placement can be helpful to get rid of these schwa r words that have been a little bit difficult. So it can help with schwa, but since it also relax the way you speak, it can help you get rid. Rid of some tension, which can help with not needing a vowel there at all. So I'm going to have you do the same thing. I'm going to have you read the word as relaxed, low placement as possible. Let's start with the first five. So I'm going to actually have you read just the word, and then I'm going to have you go back and I'm going to have you read the sentence. So example, like firm, girlfriend, virtual. And then go back and be like firm. She owns a law firm. So go ahead, start with the first five words. Firm, girlfriend. Relax. Girlfriend. Wow. Girlfriend. I don't see any difference. I'm just hearing some tenseness in your throat. Girlfriend, Girlfriend, Virtual. Birthday, bluebird. Okay. I'm. Is there any sentient like here when you're making the r sound like r? Girlfriend. Girlfriend, Girl. Like, draw out the R and tell me if you can feel any tension or vibration. Like maybe in the middle. Girl. No, I don't think so. Girlfriend. No, I don't think so. Not inside the mouth. Where is your tongue position when I'm pronouncing R in general. Okay, this is. Let me try again. It's like the tip of the tongue is. It's like rolled up. So is the tip of your tongue near you at the top of your mouth? Huh? Girl. Girl. Probably near. Near the top. Yes, near the top. But it's also rude. Girl. So it's kind of like near the top and it's like kind of. Yeah, yeah, like her there. Okay. Okay. And where's the back of your tongue? It's overall, you know, squeezed towards the behind, like, back of my mouth. Okay. Yeah. Is the tip of your tongue and the back of your tongue like almost on the same level? That's for difficult to see. Kind of like. So which one's higher? Which one's? I cannot really tell the relative position. So try this. When you make the R sound, Here's your mouth, right? Yes. Here's your tongue. I'm actually gonna widen your mouth a little bit. Here's your tongue yeah. What is the tip of your tongue next to as far as teeth? It's far back. Yeah. It's not past the molars, though. The molars go all the way back. Oh, no, no, no. Yeah, yeah. Of course not. You'd be swallowing your tongue. That wouldn't be healthy. So is it as high as the mullers Bimolars? You mean the upper. Those are the flat teeth that we have on the sides here. Okay. The molars are there on top and bottom. I say yes. Upper one near the molars. Okay. Almost the same height. And the back, your tongue. The thing is, I don't have any way of measuring or feeling where the back of the tongue. You don't have a ruler in your mouth. Should I? I eat rulers every day, just in case I need to measure things in there. Yeah, so. So actually, with R, the tip of your tongue should be lower than the back of your tongue because it should look something like this. Because the air needs to echo. It needs to echo here. So if your tongue is higher, there's no room to echo. So tell me if you hear a difference. I'm going to lift the tip of my tongue, the front of my tongue kind of up. I'm going to say it normally for the first five, then I'm going to lift it up, and you tell me if you hear a difference. Right. So like, firm girl, virtual birthday bird. Sorry, blue bird. And the next one, I'm going to lift it up, Firm girlfriend, virtual birthday, blue bird. It sounds like it's also nasal. It could be a little nasal sounding just because with my tongue up, it's actually constricting the air. So some air might be going towards the nasal, like, trying to escape. But it also sounds like I'm speaking a little tensely, kind of like I'm gritting my teeth, like, but I'm not. I'm just lifting my tongue. That's why I was asking if you had tension in your mouth, because it kind of sounded like that. Yeah. So if you have your tongue too high, it's not going to be able to echo. Your air won't flow the same, and more importantly, the vibration won't workout. So I'm gonna have. Let's review R real quick. Okay. In our last couple minutes, let's look at that together. And then I'm gonna have you do this as homework. So if you could go to the American R presentation. I'm there. Perfect. American R presentation. And we can jump straight into the fourth slide. All right, so you see this little blue line? How it shows the vibration and the echo. The blue tongue is the vibration and echo. Where's. Am I color blind? The blue line. Blue line. Okay. Yeah. Okay, you see, you're not colorblind anymore. Okay, so you see that blue line? Now, if the tongue were lifted up, that blue line wouldn't really be able to do that loop de loop. So your tongue can still curl back a little bit, but it can't be lifted. It can be one or the other. It can be like. But it cannot be higher than the back. It needs to have that space in the front. So try lowering your tongue. It shouldn't touch anything. It shouldn't touch the bottom of the mouth. Like, you're not going to be pressing it this way, but lower it. And your back of the tongue should be touching the upper molars on the sides. It should be so high that it almost touches the back of your mouth. You don't want to touch the back of your mouth because then it blocks the air altogether, which isn't good, but you want to almost be touching. Just leave enough space for the earth to go through. No more back of the tongue up, front of the tongue down. Okay, so let's try this a little bit. And then I'm actually going to have you do this as homework so that we could do the placement practice Vishwa R next time. So let's go to the practice words. Mm, Yeah, actually, I'm gonna have you go to the seventh slide because there's words that start with R here, which I think are more helpful. So the example, minimal pairs on the seventh slide. Minimal play pairs. What, the seventh slide? Yeah, after the tone. Right. Example. It's just examples here. Are you on the presentation? Yeah. Okay, one second. Let me just share my screen, show you what I'm looking at. This is what I'm looking at. Okay. And you're on the seventh slide. Well, okay. Go to the first slide. Okay, so this is the first schwa plus R. Yes. Oh, you wanted me. We're on American R. Oh, okay. Because we're pausing schwa plus R because we got to get R sorted. Okay, so where's R? Did you do R before? American R? Yeah. Oh, it's not. Not taught yet. Okay, well, let's teach it. All right, I guess we will go over American R more next time. So I. I will go ahead and share it with you. I recommend peeking over it. We're going to go over it next time. Okay. I definitely recommend Rachel's English, our video, to kind of warm up to it. Can you send me the link so that I can review that. So, yeah, if you look up Rachel's English on YouTube, she does a pretty good job of covering a bunch of different things. So I'll send that to you. I recommend reviewing that a little bit because our. It can be a helpful sound. Okay. All right, so we'll be going over that next time. And let me know if you need anything else besides that in the meantime. Okay? Yeah. What about your cat? What happened to her? He wandered all the way to the living room. It's. Cats are not loyal. They are loyal when they need it. No, cats are actually pretty loyal. They're. I'll. I'll talk about it next time, but I have another student to show my cat to. Okay. So I will go ahead and see you next time. We'll talk about R. We'll talk about schwa. R. And we'll talk about how loyal cats are. All right. Have a. Have a good weekend. You, too. Bye now. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Back of the mouth and having that extra tension. Having that higher placement can lead to some difficulties. For example, pronouncing schwa, pronouncing certain T things I've had students with VAP general placement tell me, like flap T is more difficult. For example, V and W can be a little bit more difficult. Just some slight difficulties. So what I recommend is a couple things. Today we're going to talk about specific sounds that placement affects and something called secondary placement. But I also recommend going back to some of these things that have been a little challenging, practicing your placement with them and seeing if having that lower, more American placement can help help pronounce these more English sounds. So change placement and check. More challenging.

Speaker B: Which ones Did I have difficulty with sounds? That's one thing to think about. I think I get everything right.

Speaker A: You got everything right. Well, what were some things that were more difficult as you were learning it though? So even if you feel comfortable. Schwa, schwa, R. What are some other things that were difficult as you were learning it? So even if you feel comfortable with it now, it might make things easier altogether if you go back and say, hey, this was really difficult while I was learning. Let's see if placement can help or maybe make it more comfortable.

Speaker B: Right. The double O was difficult at the beginning, but then I totally got it.

Speaker A: The W. Double what?

Speaker B: Double O. Like look.

Speaker A: Double O doesn't make one sound though. So that can be a little misleading.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Like look or loose. Like it can make different sounds. So that can be a little bit complicated. But you're talking about a short O Like that. Like, good look.

Speaker B: Yes. Good. Book those words.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. What else? I think I had some difficulty with E. I had difficulty with everything anyway, so I had some difficulty with E. Definitely. I had some difficulty with that. Now it's better. I understand the concept.

Speaker A: Fair enough. Fair enough. All right. So world of T is something that we covered a few different things on. Um, let's go ahead. We're going to do a warm up with placement. So lead me through the key practice. So we did the key practice a couple different times. Can you lead me through it?

Speaker B: What practice?

Speaker A: You're. I like how I'm like, yeah, we did the key practice. You're like, of course we did. I know.

Speaker B: I mean, what is key practice?

Speaker A: The key practice. So. So we're going to do the four different placements, right? Like E. Oh, okay. E and E. So the key. Key notes, keynotes.

Speaker B: You were talking about the placements. Still talking about the placements.

Speaker A: Yes. We're Going to be on placements for a minute. So can you lead me through the practice where you switch from the four different placements?

Speaker B: Not easy for me. So the first one is nasal. So I will just hold my nose and I try to do the same thing without holding it. I'll just do it with the word. Let's say schwa. How about I do that?

Speaker A: We can't do schwa.

Speaker B: That's what I tried last time.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's the nasal one. I don't know if I can do the frontal back. Back is normal. Probably. That's what I do. So I can definitely do back.

Speaker A: Okay, so we're gonna pick. Let's pick. You're going with E, right?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So you don't have to explain exactly. Just try to go like E. E, E. Okay. So I already. I already know the practice. Just go ahead and go through it and be like, okay, Nasal.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Front.

Speaker B: Just do that chest. Got it. Okay. All right, we'll try.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: E. I don't know. A. I don't know. I don't think I have that much control yet. So nasal is something I can do, and then I can do something that is probably somewhere here. Not the frontal one.

Speaker A: Okay. The frontal one is kind of more of like the British one, like E. E. Maybe oo Might be a little bit easier. Like, can be a little bit easier to turn to the front.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: So it might be easier if you find a vowel that you could switch a little more fluidly. Like.

Speaker B: Okay. I don't know how to do this from here.

Speaker A: All right, let's. Let's practice it for sure. So we went over the schwa placement practice last time, right?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So we talked about why schwa does not work with this practice, Right. Why does it not work? Why can't you do schwa with this practice?

Speaker B: Because it's relaxed. We don't use any of the things here in the inside the mouth.

Speaker A: Right. So if we do have, we try to raise our placement, which is the point of this practice is shifting your placement. If you shift your placement, schwa isn't going to be schwa anymore. Unfortunately, it's going to be a different sound. So let's go ahead and do a warm up with a little bit of schwa. And then we're going to actually talk about secondary placements by doing schwa. R. So if you could open the schwa practice page. We're just going to do this for a moment.

Speaker B: Short practice. Okay.

Speaker A: Yes. Now we're going to go ahead and do the Slack jaw. Practice. We're going to try to get our placement down to our chest. So remember, sitting up straight. Nice and relaxed. Roll your shoulders. We're gonna do just like the first three. So remember, like mount. Curd. Another.

Speaker B: Yes. Okay, let me try. Amount.

Speaker A: So nice. A little bit lazier.

Speaker B: Amount. No amount. Card. Another.

Speaker A: Yep. So one more time. Just stretch it a little bit and then say the rest of the word. Just as low with your placement. Just as lazy mouth occurred. Another. Now, the key is to get everything to be free of tension. Right. So don't add any more tension as you're speaking, you're going to be moving the muscles, but that's it. You can move your muscles without really, like, tensing them up. Right. So just move it without tension. So mount occurred.

Speaker B: Okay, let me try again. Okay. Starting with the amount. The first time in amount. Okay, I'll drag it a little bit more. Mount. Card.

Speaker A: Another

Speaker B: award.

Speaker A: Ward Award. Remember to move the lips for W. So you won't be adding too much tension, but you still want to get the movements in there. Ward.

Speaker B: Oh, a word. See? Attention. Unless there you go against decision. Tendons.

Speaker A: So I'm hearing a little bit of stress back there. It's becoming like ah instead of. So when you do have some of that tension coming up, it's not going to be schwa anymore. That's one thing to keep an ear out for. Not, ah. Tension. Tension.

Speaker B: Attention. How did that sound?

Speaker A: Better? If it didn't, I would.

Speaker B: Tension.

Speaker A: Yeah, tension. So I'm feeling like maybe your throat is just a little tense, especially, like, right around here. So your placement is lower. You don't have the tension here in the back as much, but it's shifting down and it's not completely letting go. That's what it sounds like.

Speaker B: All right. Can you minimize the video here, like when I switch to other tabs?

Speaker A: Minimize what?

Speaker B: Minimize the video so that I can still see you.

Speaker A: I'm not sure what you mean by

Speaker B: video like this call. Usually when you're on zoom, it just

Speaker A: minimizes the speaker, I think, unfortunately, it doesn't have that pop up when you're on something else. Oh, well, I have to. Do I have to end up having my screen kind of smaller and then also don't get me started on teams, but yeah, there we go. That was the schwa practice. Any questions on that one, though? I think we're nice and warmed up with that one.

Speaker B: No. No questions so far.

Speaker A: We're going to move on to the next part, which is schwa. R. So schwa R. Practice. And there's a very specific reason we're doing schwa R. You're going to love it. So let's start with ir.

Speaker B: Okay? Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. So schwa, R. We're not pronouncing these vowels. So actually having a lower placement can be helpful to get rid of these schwa r words that have been a little bit difficult. So it can help with schwa, but since it also relax the way you speak, it can help you get rid. Rid of some tension, which can help with not needing a vowel there at all. So I'm going to have you do the same thing. I'm going to have you read the word as relaxed, low placement as possible. Let's start with the first five. So I'm going to actually have you read just the word, and then I'm going to have you go back and I'm going to have you read the sentence. So example, like firm, girlfriend, virtual. And then go back and be like firm. She owns a law firm. So go ahead, start with the first five words.

Speaker B: Firm, girlfriend.

Speaker A: Relax. Girlfriend.

Speaker B: Wow. Girlfriend. I don't see any difference.

Speaker A: I'm just hearing some tenseness in your throat. Girlfriend, Girlfriend,

Speaker B: Virtual. Birthday, bluebird.

Speaker A: Okay. I'm. Is there any sentient like here when you're making the r sound like r? Girlfriend. Girlfriend, Girl. Like, draw out the R and tell me if you can feel any tension or vibration. Like maybe in the middle.

Speaker B: Girl. No, I don't think so. Girlfriend. No, I don't think so. Not inside the mouth.

Speaker A: Where is your tongue position when I'm

Speaker B: pronouncing

Speaker A: R in general.

Speaker B: Okay, this is. Let me try again. It's like the tip of the tongue is. It's like rolled up.

Speaker A: So is the tip of your tongue near you at the top of your mouth?

Speaker B: Huh? Girl. Girl. Probably near. Near the top. Yes, near the top. But it's also rude. Girl.

Speaker A: So it's kind of like near the top and it's like kind of.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, like her there.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. And where's the back of your tongue?

Speaker B: It's overall, you know, squeezed towards the behind, like, back of my mouth.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Is the tip of your tongue and the back of your tongue like almost on the same level?

Speaker B: That's for difficult to see.

Speaker A: Kind of like. So which one's higher?

Speaker B: Which one's? I cannot really tell the relative position.

Speaker A: So try this. When you make the R sound, Here's your mouth, right?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Here's your tongue. I'm actually gonna widen your mouth a little bit. Here's your tongue yeah. What is the tip of your tongue next to as far as teeth?

Speaker B: It's far back.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's not past the molars, though. The molars go all the way back.

Speaker B: Oh, no, no, no. Yeah, yeah. Of course not.

Speaker A: You'd be swallowing your tongue. That wouldn't be healthy. So is it as high as the mullers

Speaker B: Bimolars? You mean the upper.

Speaker A: Those are the flat teeth that we have on the sides here.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: The molars are there on top and bottom.

Speaker B: I say yes. Upper one near the molars.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Almost the same height.

Speaker A: And the back, your tongue.

Speaker B: The thing is, I don't have any way of measuring or feeling where the back of the tongue.

Speaker A: You don't have a ruler in your mouth.

Speaker B: Should I?

Speaker A: I eat rulers every day, just in case I need to measure things in there. Yeah, so. So actually, with R, the tip of your tongue should be lower than the back of your tongue because it should look something like this. Because the air needs to echo. It needs to echo here. So if your tongue is higher, there's no room to echo. So tell me if you hear a difference. I'm going to lift the tip of my tongue, the front of my tongue kind of up. I'm going to say it normally for the first five, then I'm going to lift it up, and you tell me if you hear a difference. Right. So like, firm girl, virtual birthday bird. Sorry, blue bird. And the next one, I'm going to lift it up, Firm girlfriend, virtual birthday, blue bird.

Speaker B: It sounds like it's also nasal.

Speaker A: It could be a little nasal sounding just because with my tongue up, it's actually constricting the air. So some air might be going towards the nasal, like, trying to escape. But it also sounds like I'm speaking a little tensely, kind of like I'm gritting my teeth, like, but I'm not. I'm just lifting my tongue. That's why I was asking if you had tension in your mouth, because it kind of sounded like that. Yeah. So if you have your tongue too high, it's not going to be able to echo. Your air won't flow the same, and more importantly, the vibration won't workout. So I'm gonna have. Let's review R real quick.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: In our last couple minutes, let's look at that together. And then I'm gonna have you do this as homework. So if you could go to the American R presentation.

Speaker B: I'm there.

Speaker A: Perfect. American R presentation. And we can jump straight into the fourth slide. All right, so you see this little blue line? How it shows the vibration and the echo. The blue tongue is the vibration and echo.

Speaker B: Where's. Am I color blind?

Speaker A: The blue line.

Speaker B: Blue line. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, you see, you're not colorblind anymore. Okay, so you see that blue line? Now, if the tongue were lifted up, that blue line wouldn't really be able to do that loop de loop. So your tongue can still curl back a little bit, but it can't be lifted. It can be one or the other. It can be like. But it cannot be higher than the back. It needs to have that space in the front. So try lowering your tongue. It shouldn't touch anything. It shouldn't touch the bottom of the mouth. Like, you're not going to be pressing it this way, but lower it. And your back of the tongue should be touching the upper molars on the sides. It should be so high that it almost touches the back of your mouth. You don't want to touch the back of your mouth because then it blocks the air altogether, which isn't good, but you want to almost be touching. Just leave enough space for the earth to go through. No more back of the tongue up, front of the tongue down.

Speaker B: Okay,

Speaker A: so let's try this a little bit. And then I'm actually going to have you do this as homework so that we could do the placement practice Vishwa R next time. So let's go to the practice words.

Speaker B: Mm,

Speaker A: Yeah, actually, I'm gonna have you go to the seventh slide because there's words that start with R here, which I think are more helpful. So the example, minimal pairs on the seventh slide.

Speaker B: Minimal play pairs.

Speaker A: What, the seventh slide?

Speaker B: Yeah, after the tone. Right. Example. It's just examples here.

Speaker A: Are you on the presentation?

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, one second. Let me just share my screen, show you what I'm looking at. This is what I'm looking at.

Speaker A: Okay. And you're on the seventh slide.

Speaker B: Well, okay.

Speaker A: Go to the first slide. Okay, so this is the first schwa plus R. Yes.

Speaker B: Oh, you wanted me.

Speaker A: We're on American R. Oh, okay. Because we're pausing schwa plus R because we got to get R sorted.

Speaker B: Okay, so where's R? Did you do R before? American R?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Oh, it's not. Not taught yet.

Speaker A: Okay, well, let's teach it. All right, I guess we will go over American R more next time. So I. I will go ahead and share it with you. I recommend peeking over it. We're going to go over it next time. Okay. I definitely recommend Rachel's English, our video, to kind of warm up to it.

Speaker B: Can you send me the link so that I can review that.

Speaker A: So, yeah, if you look up Rachel's English on YouTube, she does a pretty good job of covering a bunch of different things. So I'll send that to you. I recommend reviewing that a little bit because our. It can be a helpful sound.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: All right, so we'll be going over that next time. And let me know if you need anything else besides that in the meantime. Okay?

Speaker B: Yeah. What about your cat? What happened to her?

Speaker A: He wandered all the way to the living room. It's. Cats are not loyal.

Speaker B: They are loyal when they need it.

Speaker A: No, cats are actually pretty loyal. They're. I'll. I'll talk about it next time, but I have another student to show my cat to. Okay. So I will go ahead and see you next time. We'll talk about R. We'll talk about schwa. R. And we'll talk about how loyal cats are. All right. Have a. Have a good weekend.

Speaker B: You, too. Bye now.

Speaker A: Bye.

