Transcript for: Recording__1056.mp4
Title: Recording #1056
============================================================

Oh, yep. She's like, that's me. Yeah. Present. Yeah. All right. Since Skype is shutting down, I actually want to switch over to teams. I think by next class, teams is going to be our only option. So do you want to go ahead and get that set up right now, or do you want to go ahead and do that after class? I think I'll. I like adventures, so I'll figure it out after. Skype is there. Not there anymore. Okay, well, there is the link. Please figure it out before Skype is gone. And the link is also gone. Next class will be on teams for today, though. Yeah, unfortunately for today, though, let's go ahead and jump into it. We're going to do more with placement. So placement is the idea that we were starting to introduce last time. Can you remind me what that is? Yes. Placements. It's basically where I'm pronouncing everything I'm saying from. Not everything, probably. Is everything pronounced the same way? Probably not. Yes and no. We'll get into that. Yeah. Okay. So the American placement, because they like to do it differently, they pronounce it from the chest. Yes, we do. And what is placement, though? It's. Where are you pronouncing it from? It's also where the tension is. So that's important to keep in mind, because if you have a higher placement, you have the placement up here, you're going to have more tension, and that's going to lead to more stress, different intonation. It's gonna lead to slightly. It's gonna make some sounds harder to pronounce, just because if you hold your weight in a certain way, it's gonna be harder to, you know, walk a certain way, kind of. So there are some sounds that we're gonna break down and look at specifically that can help your placement or placement can help them. And last time we watched the placement video together, there's one practice we're going to do from there and one practice I encourage you doing every so often just to keep up on the placement. That's the key. Practice where you start up higher and you go lower, but instead of going high to low, we're going to target them. Four main areas. What are the four main areas of placement? Okay. One is nasal. One is front of the mouth. Back of the mouth. Yes, exactly. So we're going to go ahead and start with the nose. Go ahead and pick. Actually, we'll start with E. Then I'll have you pick one. So e. We could start with nose. Usually when I say it's like E. And I can plug my nose and say it E just fine. So I watched the video that you sent me, both of them. And the longer video, they. She used one software, right? I mean, app, to measure the pitch. Yeah. And I downloaded that. And no matter what I do, it always goes to the lower end. Lower octaves. So A, 2, B, 2, G2. Most of the time it's 2. Sometimes it will go up to 3. Okay. Yeah. But what I was expecting is if I do nasal, then the pitch should be. The octave should be higher, which is not the case. So what she was actually using that for was to prove that her pitch wasn't changing. Oh. So sometimes people will hear a difference in. In placement. Think, oh, you're just changing the pitch of your voice. That's the only thing you're changing. So she was showing that it was the same so that she could show, I'm not just changing the pitch. There's something else going on here. That was the point. So if it's staying the same, that means you're doing it correctly. Okay. Yeah. So she was showing that her natural pitch is the same no matter where it is. Because some people might actually change their pitch and go like, oh, my placement is higher. So if I say something from the chest and I say E versus E, I might be like, oh, I'm changing my placement. It's higher. But I was just changing my pitch. Placement is something else. So you tend to sound lower, a little bit deeper if you have a lower placement, but that's not really the goal. And the two shouldn't be kind of switched around, which is what she was showing. So that also means, like, when I was trying to change the placement like this, and on the other video, I was supposed to change the placement and see how far I feel the vibration. I couldn't do that. What do you mean? I mean, on the scale on this app, I could never make a difference. Like, no matter how I try, if. Even if I think I'm pronouncing it from my back. From the back of my mouth, it's still two. The octave. Even if I. When I'm trying to lower it, even then it's the same. So nothing's changing. So what did I just say about the. I get it. But. But you said the placement. Changing the placement will also mean that that will also change. It sometimes could sound lower, but it doesn't change the actual pitch. So she was. She was trying to show that she was maintaining the same pitch. Okay. Because sometimes you might sound. You might Sound a little bit higher, but your pitch isn't changing. Your voice is changing. And people might think, oh, your voice is changing. You're just changing your pitch. But she was showing that she wasn't. She was changing something else. So if you consistently have the same pitch, then that means that you're not just changing your pitch, you're doing it correctly. Okay. So I was so hopeful that this app will tell me everything about my placement. No, no, it's just all it tells you is that you're not just changing your pitch and confusing that with placement. Okay. So unfortunately not. There's. There's no app that can tell you what your placement is. Well, maybe there is, but I don't. I don't think so. It can be. They put something on here and then they will measure the vibration. Yeah. Something that connects to your brain. Yeah, unfortunately, not that I'm aware of, but for today. And you might even hear a difference. So if I do make a nasal E, E versus E E, it's the same pitch. Got it. Okay. Yeah. To be honest, pitch just means kind of the vibration and the vibration is the same consistency, I think. But if it stays the same, that's good. But let's go ahead and go through. You can go ahead and test your pitch if you want. We're going to go ahead and start with the nose. So let's go ahead and go EEE. Sounds like this. Sounds like my phone is in vibration mode. Yeah. So. Yes. So you can feel the vibration. Yeah, yeah, there you go. I did it. Nasal one, was it? And you can. Yeah. Can you feel the vibration? Yeah, of course. Well, don't say of course. Some people have difficulty with that. Yes. So you could feel the vibration. There's your placement. Let's go front. It's like your lips are changing. That can change a little bit because of the tension. If there's more tension, your lips will change a little bit. But the same thing is basically happening in here. And you have to keep in mind as well that if I tell you to relax your lips and then you have a high placement, you might be like, my lips are relaxed, my lips are relaxed. And they're not. Which we'll look at here in. In a minute. So. Yeah, You know, when I was trying to change the placement, it feels like the shape of the mouth is changing a little bit to adjust for that. So, for example, for E. Okay, let me just try. Is this what it sounds like? I'm changing my placement. I'm going to have to hear back to Back. Okay. Okay, let's go through all of it. Let's go through the keys. Then you can ask your questions just so that we can get through it. And I can hear each different key, because if I hear nasal and then you ask some questions, then we do the front and then some questions. I won't remember what your nasal sounds like compared to your chest. So I need that comparison. Right. Real quick. And then you can let me know what you are. So let's go E. E. And can you feel the vibration as well in the front of your mouth? No. So it sounds like maybe it's just a little bit more forward. Needs to be a little bit more forward. So like E, E, E. Yeah, yeah, I feel it in the teeth. Yeah. And then naturally, let's. Let's go ahead and go to the back. E. Yeah, yeah. I can even feel it with my hands. Yeah. Don't shake your head off. And then let's go ahead and do the slack jaw practice. That means relax everything. Because remember, from the chest, you don't want to feel any vibration in your mouth. Right. So take a second. Relax everything. Let your mouth drop open. E. So you should completely relax and then make sure you're not adding any extra tension when you start making the sound. Hey, it's not gonna sound like E. Yeah, I feel that. I don't know. Oh, my God. So you feel what? It's. There's a vibration here in my throat. That's what I feel. But you're gonna feel something in your throat regardless, because it's a vowel, which means it's a voiced sound, but not from the chest. Yeah, it does. It does. Well, maybe a little. But the main focus here when you speak from the chest just means that you're not going to feel anything up here in the first three placements. I still feel some here. Yeah, you're still having some placement in the back. You're going to have to relax that. Since you naturally have a back of the mouth placement, it's going to be kind of hard to get rid of that tension because your mouth is like. That's how you talk. You have to have tension there. That's where you control your muscles from. But that's why the slack jaw practice can be helpful. So just drop your mouth open. You don't feel any tension. Your jaw is just open. You're sitting there drooling on yourself. You just watch TV 42 hours in a row lazily. You're going to put your tongue in the E position lazily as possible. And from the chest, push the air up. Sometimes it feels like you're pulling the air to the area, but this time, you're going to be pushing it up from the chest. The chest is going to be pushing the air up. The chest is doing the work. E, E. I don't feel anything here. At least for now. Anything there in the front? No, definitely not. Nothing in the front. Good. Let me try. Nice. You'll feel it here. Okay, we'll need to do some practice. Some more practice. And I just need to keep in mind what you said and try to replicate that. You're basically gonna pronounce it as lazily as you can. Start off your practice session. Could you tell me a bit more about what you'd like to practice? For example, what skill or topic are you focusing on? A specific math concept? My Google. Hey, Google. Oh, it will just get activated again. Sorry. Google's like, I'll help. All right, so let's go ahead and do practice. But before we jump into the practice, did you have any other questions? Not really. It's more about practicing and keeping. Keeping in mind what I need to do and then making sure I'm doing that. Probably practicing a couple times will help. All right, here's a practice that might be helpful. Open your schwa practice sheet for me. Now, remind me what we went over with schwa. Because a long time ago, when we went over schwa, we talked about schwa and stress. Remember, both are opposite. The opposite off each other, kind of. So schwa has no stress. No stress. Stress in English is basically kind of where you're stressing something. It's longer, louder, and higher in tone. If you have a higher placement, you have more tension in your mouth. If you have more tension in the mouth, it causes stress. So this is one reason schwa can be difficult to pronounce if you have a higher placement, because you tend to carry more stress when you speak that in mind. Schwa can also help you out when you're talking about fixing your placement. So if you practice schwa and you practice pronouncing it the correct way, it might be able to help you with your placement a little bit. So you have the practice open. Oh, practice. Okay. Yep. Awesome. So we're gonna have the schwa practice sheet open, and for schwa, we're gonna just jump straight to the chest. Because if to pronounce schwa properly, you absolutely have to have a low placement. If you have a higher placement, that's when schwa starts to get confused with some of the other Sounds like ih or eh, which are pretty relaxed, but just have that slight little pinch of stress. So to make the schwa sound, you absolutely have to be relaxed up here, which means you have to have the lower placement. So let's go ahead and get started. Slack jaw practice. You drop your jaw down. You don't open your mouth because that requires muscle, but you just let it fall. Your tongue will be on the bottom of your mouth. Your jaw will be open, completely relaxed. And then from the chest, you're going to push up the sound, and you're going to pronounce the schwa. So no stress. Don't add any more stress when you talk. So go ahead, practice the schwa sound. Let's sit up straight and do the shoulder rolling that they talked about a little bit. Shoulders, be nice and relaxed. Yeah, sure. I do it at the gym. So at the gym, you can practice your words. You can be like, Just between sets or something. So for this mount curd, try to start with the schwa mound. So let's just do the schwa real quick. Then I'm going to explain for the rest of the word. So careful. Do you hear how it's a little bit like. Yeah, it is, but your placement is higher because there's a little bit of tension in the back of your mouth. And when you have tension in the back of your mouth, that's how you pronounce the a sound. Ah. So if schwa has any stress, you'll know because it won't be schwa anymore. So slack jaw, drop the jaw open and from the chest as lazily as you can. Better. Again, so we're going to be very lazy when we say these words. Laziness is the best way to describe placement with the schwa. Practice, we're going to try to say the rest of the word just as lazily, which means you're going to say the rest of the word without adding any tension. There's going to be some tension, but we're going to say no tension to minimize it. So amount occurred another. Take your time with it and try to say it as lazily, as relaxed as possible. Go ahead and say, like, the first five. So remember, the t at the end of the word amount is going to be glottal. Huh? Yeah, I'm just focusing on the schwa, and I'm trying to do it like I'm taking a. I'm breathing in, and then when I'm breathing out, I'm just trying to pronounce that. You're doing a whole Meditation here. That's how. Yeah. And you know, the reason I'm. One more thing I'll just mention quickly, and that was about voice training. Basically, I didn't do it, but I was watching a video there. He was suggesting you lie down, relax. It's like as if you're just relaxing and getting that relaxing sound out, you know, like that. Maybe try laying down after class, go on the floor and just have an extension. Right. But for right now, nice. Relax. We're going to try to do it sitting up. Mount Curd. Another mount. Curd. Yeah. So from the chest, I heard a little bit of. Another art. Attention. There you go. This time, I'm going to have you try to read the sentence. I'm going to have you go back and do the first five again. You're going to draw out the word or draw out the schwa in the word, and then you're going to read the sentence like normal. For example, amount. The right amount of salt to add is in the recipe. So you're going to try to keep your placement as low as possible while reading. Okay. The right amount of salt to add is in the recipe. The accident occurred around noon. The store was closed. So I'll have to go to another time. I have to go another time. Was a surprise to see that she won another award. My teacher told me to pay more attention. Yeah. All right. Chances are you probably felt a little bit of shift, a little bit of stress coming up with some of the sounds, but overall lower than you're used to speaking. Yeah. So this is a pretty good practice. I recommend next time we're going to look at it with schwa. R. So go ahead, keep practicing schwa, because you have to have that low placement for it any way you can, whether you want to lay on the floor or roll your shoulders at the gym. Whatever works for you. Practice schwa and then practice words with schwa. Usually if you start off with schwa, you can know, okay, as I'm saying, schwa. I have the right placement, and then the rest of the word fits in better. Okay. Wow. Okay. I'm learning how to speak again. Fair enough. Felt a little bit different, you know, this time. Yeah. So it's like I need to get rid of all my stress, all the stress in my life first. And then speak. Exactly, exactly. You just. You get rid of everything. You quit your job, you take a nice bubble bath. You, you know, tell that one friend to stop bothering you. And then my clients, too. I have to. I have to tell them, don't stress me out and just be like, I am trying to learn how to speak. Do not message me. Don't talk to me because I can't talk anyway. Go ahead. Do that. We're going to kind of review this a little bit. I recommend doing the placement. So the keys and then doing schwa like we did today. We'll look at it a little bit more next time, and we're going to start looking at. You did ask if placement is completely from the chest. It is and it isn't. We're going to look at what that means, and we're going to look at different sounds that placement affects. All right, before you go, let me see the cat again. Wow. Oh, my God. Yeah. Yeah. My teaching assistant. All right, if you need anything, let me know. I'll have my cat. Right. Like, answer whatever questions you have. Okay. Maybe we should do some m. Practice. Some what? Some may practice. Yes. I've been trying to teach them English forever. It's a horrible teacher. All right, I'll see you next time. Yeah. All right. Same. Bye now.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Oh, yep.

Speaker B: She's like, that's me.

Speaker A: Yeah. Present.

Speaker B: Yeah. All right. Since Skype is shutting down, I actually want to switch over to teams. I think by next class, teams is going to be our only option. So do you want to go ahead and get that set up right now, or do you want to go ahead and do that after class?

Speaker A: I think I'll. I like adventures, so I'll figure it out after. Skype is there. Not there anymore.

Speaker B: Okay, well, there is the link. Please figure it out before Skype is gone. And the link is also gone. Next class will be on teams for today, though. Yeah, unfortunately for today, though, let's go ahead and jump into it. We're going to do more with placement. So placement is the idea that we were starting to introduce last time. Can you remind me what that is?

Speaker A: Yes. Placements. It's basically where I'm pronouncing everything I'm saying from. Not everything, probably. Is everything pronounced the same way? Probably not.

Speaker B: Yes and no. We'll get into that.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. So the American placement, because they like to do it differently, they pronounce it from the chest.

Speaker B: Yes, we do. And what is placement, though? It's. Where are you pronouncing it from? It's also where the tension is. So that's important to keep in mind, because if you have a higher placement, you have the placement up here, you're going to have more tension, and that's going to lead to more stress, different intonation. It's gonna lead to slightly. It's gonna make some sounds harder to pronounce, just because if you hold your weight in a certain way, it's gonna be harder to, you know, walk a certain way, kind of. So there are some sounds that we're gonna break down and look at specifically that can help your placement or placement can help them. And last time we watched the placement video together, there's one practice we're going to do from there and one practice I encourage you doing every so often just to keep up on the placement. That's the key. Practice where you start up higher and you go lower, but instead of going high to low, we're going to target them. Four main areas. What are the four main areas of placement?

Speaker A: Okay. One is nasal. One is front of the mouth. Back of the mouth.

Speaker B: Yes, exactly. So we're going to go ahead and start with the nose. Go ahead and pick. Actually, we'll start with E. Then I'll have you pick one. So e. We could start with nose. Usually when I say it's like E. And I can plug my nose and say it E just fine.

Speaker A: So I watched the video that you sent me, both of them. And the longer video, they. She used one software, right? I mean, app, to measure the pitch.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And I downloaded that. And no matter what I do, it always goes to the lower end. Lower octaves. So A, 2, B, 2, G2. Most of the time it's 2. Sometimes it will go up to 3.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. But what I was expecting is if I do nasal, then the pitch should be. The octave should be higher, which is not the case.

Speaker B: So what she was actually using that for was to prove that her pitch wasn't changing. Oh. So sometimes people will hear a difference in. In placement. Think, oh, you're just changing the pitch of your voice. That's the only thing you're changing. So she was showing that it was the same so that she could show, I'm not just changing the pitch. There's something else going on here. That was the point. So if it's staying the same, that means you're doing it correctly.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. So she was showing that her natural pitch is the same no matter where it is. Because some people might actually change their pitch and go like, oh, my placement is higher. So if I say something from the chest and I say E versus E, I might be like, oh, I'm changing my placement. It's higher. But I was just changing my pitch. Placement is something else. So you tend to sound lower, a little bit deeper if you have a lower placement, but that's not really the goal. And the two shouldn't be kind of switched around, which is what she was showing.

Speaker A: So that also means, like, when I was trying to change the placement like this, and on the other video, I was supposed to change the placement and see how far I feel the vibration. I couldn't do that.

Speaker B: What do you mean?

Speaker A: I mean, on the scale on this app, I could never make a difference. Like, no matter how I try, if. Even if I think I'm pronouncing it from my back. From the back of my mouth, it's still two. The octave. Even if I. When I'm trying to lower it, even then it's the same. So nothing's changing.

Speaker B: So what did I just say about the.

Speaker A: I get it. But. But you said the placement. Changing the placement will also mean that that will also change.

Speaker B: It sometimes could sound lower, but it doesn't change the actual pitch. So she was. She was trying to show that she was maintaining the same pitch.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Because sometimes you might sound. You might Sound a little bit higher, but your pitch isn't changing. Your voice is changing. And people might think, oh, your voice is changing. You're just changing your pitch. But she was showing that she wasn't. She was changing something else. So if you consistently have the same pitch, then that means that you're not just changing your pitch, you're doing it correctly.

Speaker A: Okay. So I was so hopeful that this app will tell me everything about my placement.

Speaker B: No, no, it's just all it tells you is that you're not just changing your pitch and confusing that with placement.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So unfortunately not. There's. There's no app that can tell you what your placement is. Well, maybe there is, but I don't. I don't think so. It can be.

Speaker A: They put something on here and then they will measure the vibration.

Speaker B: Yeah. Something that connects to your brain. Yeah, unfortunately, not that I'm aware of, but for today. And you might even hear a difference. So if I do make a nasal E, E versus E E, it's the same pitch.

Speaker A: Got it. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. To be honest, pitch just means kind of the vibration and the vibration is the same consistency, I think. But if it stays the same, that's good. But let's go ahead and go through. You can go ahead and test your pitch if you want. We're going to go ahead and start with the nose. So let's go ahead and go EEE.

Speaker A: Sounds like this. Sounds like my phone is in vibration mode. Yeah.

Speaker B: So. Yes. So you can feel the vibration.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, there you go. I did it. Nasal one, was it?

Speaker B: And you can. Yeah. Can you feel the vibration?

Speaker A: Yeah, of course.

Speaker B: Well, don't say of course. Some people have difficulty with that. Yes. So you could feel the vibration. There's your placement. Let's go front.

Speaker A: It's like your lips are changing.

Speaker B: That can change a little bit because of the tension. If there's more tension, your lips will change a little bit. But the same thing is basically happening in here. And you have to keep in mind as well that if I tell you to relax your lips and then you have a high placement, you might be like, my lips are relaxed, my lips are relaxed. And they're not. Which we'll look at here in. In a minute.

Speaker C: So.

Speaker A: Yeah, You know, when I was trying to change the placement, it feels like the shape of the mouth is changing a little bit to adjust for that. So, for example, for E. Okay, let me just try. Is this what it sounds like? I'm changing my placement.

Speaker B: I'm going to have to hear back to Back.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay, let's go through all of it. Let's go through the keys. Then you can ask your questions just so that we can get through it. And I can hear each different key, because if I hear nasal and then you ask some questions, then we do the front and then some questions. I won't remember what your nasal sounds like compared to your chest. So I need that comparison. Right. Real quick. And then you can let me know what you are. So let's go E. E. And can you feel the vibration as well in the front of your mouth?

Speaker A: No.

Speaker B: So it sounds like maybe it's just a little bit more forward. Needs to be a little bit more forward. So like E, E, E.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I feel it in the teeth.

Speaker B: Yeah. And then naturally, let's. Let's go ahead and go to the back. E.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. I can even feel it with my hands.

Speaker B: Yeah. Don't shake your head off. And then let's go ahead and do the slack jaw practice. That means relax everything. Because remember, from the chest, you don't want to feel any vibration in your mouth. Right. So take a second. Relax everything. Let your mouth drop open. E. So you should completely relax and then make sure you're not adding any extra tension when you start making the sound.

Speaker A: Hey, it's not gonna sound like E. Yeah, I feel that. I don't know. Oh, my God.

Speaker B: So you feel what?

Speaker A: It's. There's a vibration here in my throat. That's what I feel.

Speaker B: But you're gonna feel something in your throat regardless, because it's a vowel, which means it's a voiced sound,

Speaker A: but not from the chest. Yeah, it does. It does.

Speaker B: Well, maybe a little. But the main focus here when you speak from the chest just means that you're not going to feel anything up here in the first three placements.

Speaker A: I still feel some here.

Speaker B: Yeah, you're still having some placement in the back. You're going to have to relax that. Since you naturally have a back of the mouth placement, it's going to be kind of hard to get rid of that tension because your mouth is like. That's how you talk. You have to have tension there. That's where you control your muscles from. But that's why the slack jaw practice can be helpful. So just drop your mouth open. You don't feel any tension. Your jaw is just open. You're sitting there drooling on yourself. You just watch TV 42 hours in a row lazily. You're going to put your tongue in the E position lazily as possible. And from the chest, push the air up. Sometimes it feels like you're pulling the air to the area, but this time, you're going to be pushing it up from the chest. The chest is going to be pushing the air up. The chest is doing the work. E, E.

Speaker A: I don't feel anything here. At least for now.

Speaker B: Anything there in the front?

Speaker A: No, definitely not. Nothing in the front.

Speaker B: Good.

Speaker A: Let me try. Nice. You'll feel it here. Okay, we'll need to do some practice. Some more practice. And I just need to keep in mind what you said and try to replicate that.

Speaker B: You're basically gonna pronounce it as lazily as you can.

Speaker C: Start off your practice session. Could you tell me a bit more about what you'd like to practice? For example, what skill or topic are you focusing on? A specific math concept?

Speaker A: My Google. Hey, Google. Oh, it will just get activated again. Sorry.

Speaker B: Google's like, I'll help. All right, so let's go ahead and do practice. But before we jump into the practice, did you have any other questions?

Speaker A: Not really. It's more about practicing and keeping. Keeping in mind what I need to do and then making sure I'm doing that. Probably practicing a couple times will help.

Speaker B: All right, here's a practice that might be helpful. Open your schwa practice sheet for me. Now, remind me what we went over with schwa. Because a long time ago, when we went over schwa, we talked about schwa and stress.

Speaker A: Remember, both are opposite. The opposite off each other, kind of.

Speaker B: So schwa has no stress.

Speaker A: No stress.

Speaker B: Stress in English is basically kind of where you're stressing something. It's longer, louder, and higher in tone. If you have a higher placement, you have more tension in your mouth. If you have more tension in the mouth, it causes stress. So this is one reason schwa can be difficult to pronounce if you have a higher placement, because you tend to carry more stress when you speak that in mind. Schwa can also help you out when you're talking about fixing your placement. So if you practice schwa and you practice pronouncing it the correct way, it might be able to help you with your placement a little bit. So you have the practice open.

Speaker A: Oh, practice. Okay. Yep.

Speaker B: Awesome. So we're gonna have the schwa practice sheet open, and for schwa, we're gonna just jump straight to the chest. Because if to pronounce schwa properly, you absolutely have to have a low placement. If you have a higher placement, that's when schwa starts to get confused with some of the other Sounds like ih or eh, which are pretty relaxed, but just have that slight little pinch of stress. So to make the schwa sound, you absolutely have to be relaxed up here, which means you have to have the lower placement. So let's go ahead and get started. Slack jaw practice. You drop your jaw down. You don't open your mouth because that requires muscle, but you just let it fall. Your tongue will be on the bottom of your mouth. Your jaw will be open, completely relaxed. And then from the chest, you're going to push up the sound, and you're going to pronounce the schwa. So no stress. Don't add any more stress when you talk. So go ahead, practice the schwa sound. Let's sit up straight and do the shoulder rolling that they talked about a little bit. Shoulders, be nice and relaxed.

Speaker A: Yeah, sure. I do it at the gym.

Speaker B: So at the gym, you can practice your words. You can be like, Just between sets or something. So for this mount curd, try to start with the schwa

Speaker A: mound.

Speaker B: So let's just do the schwa real quick. Then I'm going to explain for the rest of the word. So careful. Do you hear how it's a little bit like.

Speaker A: Yeah, it is, but your placement is

Speaker B: higher because there's a little bit of tension in the back of your mouth. And when you have tension in the back of your mouth, that's how you pronounce the a sound. Ah. So if schwa has any stress, you'll know because it won't be schwa anymore. So slack jaw, drop the jaw open and from the chest as lazily as you can. Better. Again, so we're going to be very lazy when we say these words. Laziness is the best way to describe placement with the schwa. Practice, we're going to try to say the rest of the word just as lazily, which means you're going to say the rest of the word without adding any tension. There's going to be some tension, but we're going to say no tension to minimize it. So amount occurred another. Take your time with it and try to say it as lazily, as relaxed as possible. Go ahead and say, like, the first five. So remember, the t at the end of the word amount is going to be glottal.

Speaker A: Huh? Yeah, I'm just focusing on the schwa, and I'm trying to do it like I'm taking a. I'm breathing in, and then when I'm breathing out, I'm just trying to pronounce that.

Speaker B: You're doing a whole Meditation here.

Speaker A: That's how.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And you know, the reason I'm. One more thing I'll just mention quickly, and that was about voice training. Basically, I didn't do it, but I was watching a video there. He was suggesting you lie down, relax. It's like as if you're just relaxing and getting that relaxing sound out, you know, like that.

Speaker B: Maybe try laying down after class, go on the floor and just have an extension. Right. But for right now, nice. Relax. We're going to try to do it sitting up. Mount Curd. Another

Speaker A: mount. Curd.

Speaker B: Yeah. So from the chest, I heard a little bit of.

Speaker A: Another

Speaker B: art.

Speaker A: Attention.

Speaker B: There you go. This time, I'm going to have you try to read the sentence. I'm going to have you go back and do the first five again. You're going to draw out the word or draw out the schwa in the word, and then you're going to read the sentence like normal. For example, amount. The right amount of salt to add is in the recipe. So you're going to try to keep your placement as low as possible while reading.

Speaker A: Okay. The right amount of salt to add is in the recipe. The accident occurred around noon. The store was closed. So I'll have to go to another time. I have to go another time. Was a surprise to see that she won another award. My teacher told me to pay more attention. Yeah.

Speaker B: All right. Chances are you probably felt a little bit of shift, a little bit of stress coming up with some of the sounds, but overall lower than you're used to speaking.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So this is a pretty good practice. I recommend next time we're going to look at it with schwa. R. So go ahead, keep practicing schwa, because you have to have that low placement for it any way you can, whether you want to lay on the floor or roll your shoulders at the gym. Whatever works for you. Practice schwa and then practice words with schwa. Usually if you start off with schwa, you can know, okay, as I'm saying, schwa. I have the right placement, and then the rest of the word fits in better.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Wow.

Speaker A: Okay. I'm learning how to speak again.

Speaker B: Fair enough.

Speaker A: Felt a little bit different, you know, this time. Yeah. So it's like I need to get rid of all my stress, all the stress in my life first. And then speak.

Speaker B: Exactly, exactly. You just. You get rid of everything. You quit your job, you take a nice bubble bath. You, you know, tell that one friend to stop bothering you. And then

Speaker A: my clients, too. I have to. I have to tell them, don't stress me out and just be like, I

Speaker B: am trying to learn how to speak. Do not message me. Don't talk to me because I can't talk anyway. Go ahead. Do that. We're going to kind of review this a little bit. I recommend doing the placement. So the keys and then doing schwa like we did today. We'll look at it a little bit more next time, and we're going to start looking at. You did ask if placement is completely from the chest. It is and it isn't. We're going to look at what that means, and we're going to look at different sounds that placement affects.

Speaker A: All right, before you go, let me see the cat again. Wow. Oh, my God. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. My teaching assistant. All right, if you need anything, let me know. I'll have my cat. Right. Like, answer whatever questions you have. Okay.

Speaker A: Maybe we should do some m. Practice.

Speaker B: Some what?

Speaker A: Some may practice.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker B: I've been trying to teach them English forever. It's a horrible teacher. All right, I'll see you next time.

Speaker A: Yeah. All right. Same. Bye now.

