Transcript for: Recording__175.mp4
Title: Recording #175
============================================================

Just a second. Okay. All right, so the dashboard. All right, so this is Canada. And the data that we have in March is until 15th of March. That is Sunday last Sunday. And so far we have done $34,800 and we spent 18% of that. So we're on track. And well, if we have done this much in 15 days, that would be about 69,000 something this month. If we are. If we can stay in stock. And actually if you go out there, such an anomaly. What was the anomaly that happened last March? Because last March was the biggest month we've ever had. Oh, this is $3,000. This is wrong. This is wrong. Definitely wrong. This data here. Oh, okay. Yeah, well, I'll check that out. But it was definitely not this much. Yeah, yeah, we need that number to know how we are doing this month. Do you give me one second, please? It's okay. You can update it after the fact there too. Show. Okay, that's easier. But. But yeah, just so you know, when I look at the dashboard, I'm looking at like trending sales, but also like year over year. Like, I would go back to like, what did we do last March? Or like, we're obviously growing. Makes sense. Definitely. Like you've seen a lot significant growth and trending higher here. But I just look at those types of trends. Definitely. Yeah. So, and also, you know what, I'll show you. I have added some rows here on this forecast versus actual. If you scroll these two rules. One is month for month changes. So that will compare with the data with the sales from the months before and then year over year change the monthly change. So that's so great. Yeah. So you will get to see how December 2025 compares with December 2024 and also how February compares. 26. Those are like, literally, those are the sound bites and those are the ones I'm trying to calculate myself. So I'm so thankful that it's just in here. Thank you. Thank you. All right, so now let's go back. Okay, so now at the product level, this is. This is the 30 pack, one snack to go. And it's. It has done 184 units in March. So definitely slowing down trending to do about 360 or 370 units this month. And we have spent 23% on this one. 1. Now for moving on to Camelin Oil, the two 500ml bottles, we have done 62 units and training to do 120 units, a little bit higher than February and also January. And we're spending 11% on this one. I'll. How about I ignore these variety packs because these are not really. Yeah, like the lentils and stuff. Yeah, you can jump over them because. Yeah. And now moving to the 18 count. 18 packs, neck to go. Very bad. We have done 666 units so that's about more than 1330 units a month. Like we're training to do that much. And we have spent just. Sorry, where is the number? The top. Oh, sorry. This one. 16% on this product this month. And then the five liter cam oil, we have done six units. Well at this rate it will do 12 units. That's higher than any months before, but let's see how that does. Yeah, and this is. I think we need to pay attention to this product because so far in the first 15 days we have done 203 units. But based on the weekly sales trend I see that it can do up to 550 units a month already at this rate. So yeah, that's the overall situation in Canada and so far we are spending about 23% on this product this month. Last month was a little bit higher at 33. How do you feel about snacne? Go ahead. I was just wondering how do you feel about the SnackNext number, the 550 if that's what we ended up. Well, I'll show you in a moment. Okay, so let me. Sorry, I'm just taking notes here. Yeah. So what I do is I go to the manage inventory page and from there I just look at the SKU economy unit. Economics not unique, the skew data part. So you click on this queue and then it will show how it's doing in the recent time. So last seven days we did 130 units versus the last 30 days. So at this rate we see it, it keeps on going up. Yeah. Can you just check how many you have in Amazon right now available? 247. Yeah, 247. 47 are available. So you're probably good for this month. Let me. We'll get back to you on. I know they're building more and shipping more. I just didn't know the quantity. So I can get back to you on the time. Right. I have calculated the quantities by the way so same as Anubhav does because can discuss that. Okay. I guess on your last meeting with an did he let you know what was being built in ship? Yes, yes we did have about that. Yeah. Okay now well, but I'll. I'll admit I have some confusion regarding that. I mean I'll talk to talk about that in a moment. Okay. So now moving on to the US we have done 4300$40 so far and we are staying on track on that spend. We have spent just 11% here. The Camelin oil 16 units a little bit slow compared to February. And this one is on track to do what we did in January. Oh sorry, February but definitely slower than January here. And let's look at this one. This is the most promising product in the US Right now. But it has seen some slowdown. If you see it has just done 46 units. Nothing much to really see except for I mean how we are doing, how we are keeping on track. This one 27 units so far and I think we have this one 18 pack and the 18 pack snack to go variety pack has done 51 units so far. And we will be putting those snack mixes down there. We're just unfortunately going to wait for ANV to get back to help make sure we map it appropriately internally. Okay. Oh really? Okay, sorry. I feel like we talked about it but then maybe. So yes, I did ask the protein snack mixes to the US we want to do it. The two questions and I thought because it set up somewhere, I thought is it set up? The listing is set up on Amazon. Yeah, right. Yeah. I think we should put it down into the US Just to get some early traction on it. But no, we have not. That's my standing question that I'm saying to you. Like typically our strategy has been this is how pricing works into the US but we also know that none of our items are highly profitable in the US because all the fees and the shipping, like just everything shipping into the US right now is really hard for small LTL orders. Right. Unless you're shipping full truckloads. Like nothing is cost effective. So yeah, so I did ask if we put it on the U.S. do you want to test a higher price point, just put it somewhere higher or do we just do our same strategy? So that's a standing question right now. Like you've been going a little bit so it's matching expects to go pricing or like more. Yeah, well my question was what would it have to be to for a break even was my question. Okay. Yeah. And then we can talk consumer tolerance to what that would be. It's not offered anywhere in retail. So yeah, exclusively on Amazon in the US then. Okay. So one more thing that I wanted to talk about is the forecast and Britney actually sent me an email email last week. So I will just go to the Canadian dashboard And forecast versus actual. So we need to update inventory the forecast for I believe three of them. Let me check what's going on. Yeah. So one is this 30 count. I wanted to reduce the forecast, but looks like it's even slower than that. And I added these comments back in February 11, so perhaps need to review this one more time. But definitely there's a slowdown with the 30 account. I'll just come up with the numbers, new numbers, probably around 400 units a month until September. And it will slow down even farther from there until December. Maybe 200 units a month in December. What did you put in the forecast, Brittany? I think you were softer, weren't you? I was right around where he was 700. So we're doing less. You're saying what did you forecast for the other variety capture? Let me show you one moment here. So I also need to update these. These are the old numbers and I think these should be the new numbers. No. And that's okay because what we would probably do is take the. You know, we could reduce 2, 300 from the one variety pack, put it in the other one. Okay. Yeah, it's probably doing more. 600 is too low. Or 1000 plus a. 1300 plus. Yeah, 1300 plus. Yeah, yeah. And then this one, I was thinking that towards the end of the year, because that's when Caval does better, I will increase it to 15 to 18 units a month instead of just keeping 10 for all the months. Okay. And now coming to the prudent snack mixes, honestly, this one can perhaps do even more than 600 units a month. But based on what I have seen so far, maybe we'll keep. Keep the forecast at 600 until September, between April and September. And then we'll gradually decrease it to 200 units a month in December. Okay. I can remember the exact. Obviously why I mean, I was like, oh, 10. 10 can't be correct. So. So I need to see what we put in there. I don't remember off the top of my head. Okay. Has the hospital. I thought she was going to likely today. So I'm in here right now for a second. Let me just chatter because everybody was supposed to have it in by yesterday. Carly was finishing some. Let me just chatter here for a second and see if we could just update some of that. It's a quick update. It's moving volume one to the other. And then I was going to check what we did. Heaven. Because I looked at the overall monthly numbers when I did my proofing. Not necessarily the detail. See, 20 basics. I see all the cells are hidden. Snacks to go. Three by 15. Snacks to go. Yeah, it's basically just flipping your volume out of allocation. Britney. Oh, wait, I'm in the wrong area. I can't find the 2026 detail here. You. I also updated a full month of 2025. Okay. So, yeah, it's honestly just you. It's upping the. It's kind of just within the volume. It's calling down 15 grams, like at least 300 units and adding it into the. The other one instead. And then I can't see where. Snack mixes. Snack mixes. Oh, yeah, yeah. Super conservative on snack mixes. So we could have that. Oh, wait, one month. No, you have 765 for some reason. August. Oh, sorry, that's the wrong number. Yeah, I mean you only kind of put like 140 cases a month, so you probably could up that, which would call up the whole business, which is fine for trending up. Yeah, that was, I think I said, the hardest one to really engage because we haven't had a ton of obviously history. But. And what was the showcase? What was the 10? Is that just when it first launched? We just put in 10. Just as a placeholder. Yeah, just as a place. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, honestly, I have that right now, so I can just. I'll just do it. Okay. And then this is for you myself, like next time. So obviously we do like ref. So next time I. Before, just make sure that the dashboard's completely updated before I take it as. Because that's not. Okay. Okay. Most. I mean, they were pretty close. It was obviously. I could tell the stack. Nexus one was obviously. Yeah. Okay. All right. So. All right. Now do you want to move on to talk about the inventory that we need to send? Yeah. She hasn't replied, but she is on the baby, so I'm just not sure. It's busy back there, but yes, anything, obviously. I'll get that. Okay. All right, so let me show you what I've got. So there's nothing for the US now in Canada. Well, I have. Okay, first of all, one thing that I need to clarify. You see these quantities in the working column? These are already created. These shipments are already created on Amazon. So my question is that typically is included in your total availability. Yes. Is it not? Yes. Yes. Okay. Now the question is, is this something that is being manufactured and will be shipped this week or the next week? I think it's already shipped. It's not shipped. Okay, so then that must be what she's working on. Okay. So in that case I still still need the quantities that I have mentioned here. The recommend in the recommended in the final recommendation column. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Or well so for this one we are discontinuing this variety back the roasted letters. So we're not going to send any. And the next one that we need to send is the portent snack mixes and we are right now working on sending 500 more but based on our forecast a new one 600 units a month. I think we should send thousand units more. Yeah. Okay. Yeah let me, Let me follow up. Well Brittany if you take. I'm just trying to. Because I basically what I need to do is I just need to give a forward looking forecast to our production team and saying we need to start doing snack mixes at thousand unit quantities not just at 500. So I might just send that note to my demand planning. Yeah I can just say hey Aaron, just confirming this is what's being done now but forward looking can we stretch the plan for these things? Yeah. Okay, So I'll, I'll discuss the next one. So I think I didn't talk about the camel now the two pack. Based on the current availability and the sales volume I would recommend that you send hundred more and we might be close then to the new packaging. I wonder if we could ask Erin that too because I know the Shopify sale she said or think it was new. Bob said we would still have Bob. But I wonder if we're close now. Yeah, I'll put that timing in my email. I'll put it to Aaron and I'll just see see demand planning for it. But I'll ask a specific question she'll be able to tell us. Okay. Because have we teed up that those new product images Brittany Lindsay. Yeah. So all we would do is swap like just a bottle. So she was doing the. All right, moving to the 18. Sorry, did you have anything else to say? No. No. Okay good. So I. Okay, so moving to the 18 counts not to go ready pack we again based on the availability we to send 650 units. That's my recommendation. And and for the five liter bag, the Camelin oil we need to send 10 of those. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So I will just send you this Excel with the recommendations please. And Nothing for the U.S. nothing for the U.S. okay. All right. So what other things would you like to discuss today? I think that's it. Where are we at on the 3 pack B for inventory that we have in Canada? Because I do think that buy box thing so question for you the issues with the buy box. We decided we're going to start a F pack from scratch. We have to just sell out one and no pickles going in. And so it'll likely sell better because it has a lot of flavor in it. But then I also kind of had this question too. On our variety packs, like the three pack, is there a different assortment we should think about when we approach our bean snack variety packs? Like one of each flavor? Is that the strategic best practice? Or should we just do like, I don't know, should we do 6 and a higher price point or should we do 12 and like we're gonna make a new item anyways. Might as well make a new item. And. And if it's bigger, because maybe we go bigger and a better price point if we can. I would have to look at that. So then it's not so comparable with the individual units at grocery or something, right? Yeah. So that's a good question. I would definitely like to revise the pack size because at this price point, it's not profitable. And yes, we can do a pack of six. In that case, it would be close to maybe $35 price point or can do a little less than that if the margin makes sense. Maybe 10%, 10% lower than that. How much would that be? Like $32. And also one more recommendation would be to create a pack like, you know, how do I call this? Like, we should put all six into a packaging so that it looks like it's a unique sku. It's not just a multipack to Amazon. Okay. So don't say that again. So sorry, you're talking about the var. No, we are talking about the fava beads. Right? That's the question. That's what you're asking me. So what I'm talking about is instead of just showing it it's a pack of six. If we do a pack of six, I was suggesting how about we put it in a packaging and show that's the product that's basically a sku, so that it looks like a unique SKU to Amazon and Amazon doesn't come back at us and say, hey, you're selling this product somewhere at four, so you just want an image of it in the box. Yes. And would it need to have that actual bag you're speaking of, where all six go in? Well, that's what I'm saying. I guess they're packing it. See? Yeah. Will that make sense? Like, can you do that? Is that reasonable? Yeah, because what I'm thinking right now Is so the boxes that we send them in, I have to look right now they're just in like literally brown corrugate boxes. There's nothing design special about them. If we move to a six pack, we do have six pack boxes that are white with a big logo on them. They're a little more presentation ready. So what you're saying is take a picture of that box and maybe that box is perforated showing the brand inside or something. But it makes it look like it's a set. I see. And so is that a learning. So why do you feel that like you're saying this visually differentiates it? Yeah, and I'm trying to think of ways to confuse Amazon so that they don't say that it's just a. So it can't crawl and see it. And then easily London drugs match it. Okay. Because right now. So our snack mixes though, because the six pack would have been way too high of a price point because it's more excessive item. But it's set up exactly the same. It's just a three image but we don't have buy box issues. And again because the item is like barely out in market right now. So. Yeah, we'll have to watch that. Okay, yeah, let me think about that. So what was that? That pricing board where you're like. I see. Okay. Yeah. So here we can see a breakdown of all the fees and how much you keep. Yeah. Let's say we sell one unit. How much do you keep? So if you input your cost of goods, how much would that be? Do you have a number in mind? I don't. But I didn't even know how long this all the time. Okay. Yeah, I can definitely get that from my standard prostate. But putting like what are you on? Are you on right now? Yes. I don't know. I'll put in like. Put in like six. It's a free pack, right? Oh my God. Okay, so we are already in the negative then you have cost of shipping to Amazon. You may keep consider a 5% margin for other expenses, for example storage, returns and all. So it's at 18.5% of that. How much is that? Sorry. Yeah, okay, whatever. Yeah. So can you make that. Are you able to make this 35 cost? Yeah, 35. And I think this fulfillment cost will also change. This will probably go up. Okay. But not in the same proportion. Right? It will not double. Yeah. And then we can say this is 14 and we can probably up this a little bit. Yeah. So we will still have. It's still low I'll say 10%. Wow. Okay. Yeah, I think we need to discuss a different format because the other way we can go to is it's not a variety pack and it's just a six pack of dill pickle. Like, would you ever, like, do we feel strongly that these bean snacks have to be variety of flavors or should we just do our hero flavors in a six pack case? I think variety packs always do better. Variety packs always win. Okay. And a 12 pack would be way too big, right? Yeah. Okay, interesting. But just to go back to that box question, show them what would a box work? Like how we currently have them packaged? Or you're saying we need to create a bag that's just six 140ish grams, 120 grams inside. Well, Brittany, the idea is I want to show it as a skill that is unique. So whatever achieves that goal is what we need right now. So if we can show it in the, in a box and make it look like it's a. It's a unique skill and it's fine. And then how. I guess I'm confused. I agree. How do we show the customers that it's six and not show Amazon that it's six? You know what I mean? So if we had a bag like this one, let's say the 30 count variety pack, I know it has to be bigger package, but if we had something in this format, it would look unique. Yeah, you can't design inventory a whole master bay for 30 units a month later. So it's like a box or something. Is it the box or does the box work? I guess, is my question. Well, if the box had some kind of design on it to show what's inside, maybe that would work. But if it's just a brown box, probably not. Yeah, because the whole other thing, I'm just thinking like it's kind of format like at the end of the day too, you could just take away chickpeas and jalapenes all together and create a crunchy bean variety. Now you're mixing beans and like it's just a total. It's just a totally different, like it's like a wholesome bean snack variety where it touches chickpeas and fava beans. Unfortunately, every time I put a chickpea in something, it brings down our reviews. But yeah, we need to think about that. But. And we need to plan to just snack mix. We've got to watch this buy box thing. But I think you only ever said that London Drugs is the biggest issue of the buy box. Right. That's really the only one that kind of comes up. So I'm going to talk to the sales team and just see where we're at with London Drugs on that snack fix. Remove my bookstore. Yeah, it's hard. Yeah, yeah. Add it to my agenda. Okay. This is all super useful, but for now I'm going to just send that email to Aaron just so if you could send me that inventory snapshot there show. I'm just going to send you an email to Aaron so that we're updated. That's what I was looking at, looking at the production schedule for this week because I can see what they're making this week. Amazon. Okay. Yeah. So this week they are building 180 units of 18 by 28 grams. They're building 36 cases of fava varieties, 48 cases of chickpea varieties, and 500 cases of. So this is the working line that you saw in your show. This is. This is what's being worked on. All right, great. Awesome. All right, thanks, everybody. Thank you.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Just a second.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: All right, so the dashboard. All right, so this is Canada. And the data that we have in March is until 15th of March. That is Sunday last Sunday. And so far we have done $34,800 and we spent 18% of that. So we're on track. And well, if we have done this much in 15 days, that would be about 69,000 something this month. If we are. If we can stay in stock.

Speaker B: And actually if you go out there, such an anomaly. What was the anomaly that happened last March? Because last March was the biggest month we've ever had. Oh, this is $3,000.

Speaker C: This is wrong. This is wrong. Definitely wrong.

Speaker A: This data here.

Speaker B: Oh, okay.

Speaker C: Yeah, well, I'll check that out. But it was definitely not this much. Yeah, yeah, we need that number to know how we are doing this month.

Speaker A: Do you give me one second, please?

Speaker B: It's okay. You can update it after the fact there too. Show. Okay, that's easier. But. But yeah, just so you know, when I look at the dashboard, I'm looking at like trending sales, but also like year over year. Like, I would go back to like, what did we do last March? Or like, we're obviously growing.

Speaker C: Makes sense.

Speaker B: Definitely. Like you've seen a lot significant growth and trending higher here. But I just look at those types of trends.

Speaker C: Definitely.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: So, and also, you know what, I'll show you. I have added some rows here on this forecast versus actual. If you scroll these two rules. One is month for month changes. So that will compare with the data with the sales from the months before and then year over year change the monthly change.

Speaker D: So that's so great.

Speaker C: Yeah. So you will get to see how December 2025 compares with December 2024 and also how February compares. 26.

Speaker D: Those are like, literally, those are the sound bites and those are the ones I'm trying to calculate myself. So I'm so thankful that it's just in here. Thank you.

Speaker C: Thank you. All right, so now let's go back. Okay, so now at the product level, this is. This is the 30 pack, one snack to go. And it's. It has done 184 units in March. So definitely slowing down trending to do about 360 or 370 units this month. And we have spent 23% on this one.

Speaker B: 1.

Speaker C: Now for moving on to Camelin Oil, the two 500ml bottles, we have done 62 units and training to do 120 units, a little bit higher than February and also January. And we're spending 11% on this one. I'll. How about I ignore these variety packs

Speaker A: because these are not really.

Speaker B: Yeah, like the lentils and stuff. Yeah, you can jump over them because.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: And now moving to the 18 count. 18 packs, neck to go. Very bad. We have done 666 units so that's about more than 1330 units a month. Like we're training to do that much. And we have spent just.

Speaker A: Sorry, where is the number? The top.

Speaker C: Oh, sorry. This one. 16% on this product this month. And then the five liter cam oil, we have done six units. Well at this rate it will do 12 units. That's higher than any months before, but let's see how that does. Yeah, and this is. I think we need to pay attention to this product because so far in the first 15 days we have done 203 units. But based on the weekly sales trend I see that it can do up to 550 units a month already at this rate. So yeah, that's the overall situation in Canada and so far we are spending

Speaker A: about 23% on this product this month.

Speaker C: Last month was a little bit higher at 33.

Speaker D: How do you feel about snacne?

Speaker B: Go ahead.

Speaker D: I was just wondering how do you feel about the SnackNext number, the 550 if that's what we ended up.

Speaker C: Well, I'll show you in a moment.

Speaker A: Okay, so let me.

Speaker D: Sorry, I'm just taking notes here.

Speaker C: Yeah. So what I do is I go to the manage inventory page and from there I just look at the SKU economy unit. Economics not unique, the skew data part. So you click on this queue and then it will show how it's doing

Speaker A: in the recent time.

Speaker C: So last seven days we did 130 units versus the last 30 days. So at this rate we see it, it keeps on going up.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: Can you just check how many you

Speaker B: have in Amazon right now available?

Speaker C: 247. Yeah, 247.

Speaker B: 47 are available. So you're probably good for this month. Let me. We'll get back to you on. I know they're building more and shipping more. I just didn't know the quantity. So I can get back to you on the time. Right.

Speaker C: I have calculated the quantities by the way so same as Anubhav does because can discuss that.

Speaker B: Okay. I guess on your last meeting with an did he let you know what was being built in ship?

Speaker A: Yes, yes we did have about that.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay now well, but I'll. I'll admit I have some confusion regarding that. I mean I'll talk to talk about

Speaker A: that in a moment.

Speaker C: Okay. So now moving on to the US we have done 4300$40 so far and we are staying on track on that spend. We have spent just 11% here. The Camelin oil 16 units a little bit slow compared to February. And this one is on track to do what we did in January. Oh sorry, February but definitely slower than January here.

Speaker A: And let's look at this one.

Speaker C: This is the most promising product in

Speaker A: the US Right now.

Speaker C: But it has seen some slowdown. If you see it has just done 46 units. Nothing much to really see except for I mean how we are doing, how we are keeping on track. This one 27 units so far and

Speaker A: I think we have this one 18

Speaker C: pack and the 18 pack snack to

Speaker A: go variety pack has done 51 units so far.

Speaker B: And we will be putting those snack mixes down there. We're just unfortunately going to wait for ANV to get back to help make sure we map it appropriately internally.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Oh really? Okay, sorry. I feel like we talked about it but then maybe. So yes, I did ask the protein snack mixes to the US we want to do it. The two questions and I thought because it set up somewhere, I thought is it set up?

Speaker C: The listing is set up on Amazon.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker C: right.

Speaker B: Yeah. I think we should put it down into the US Just to get some early traction on it.

Speaker C: But no,

Speaker B: we have not. That's my standing question that I'm saying to you. Like typically our strategy has been this is how pricing works into the US but we also know that none of our items are highly profitable in the US because all the fees and the shipping, like just everything shipping into the US right now is really hard for small LTL orders. Right. Unless you're shipping full truckloads. Like nothing is cost effective. So yeah, so I did ask if we put it on the U.S. do you want to test a higher price point, just put it somewhere higher or do we just do our same strategy? So that's a standing question right now.

Speaker D: Like you've been going a little bit so it's matching expects to go pricing or like more.

Speaker B: Yeah, well my question was what would it have to be to for a break even was my question. Okay. Yeah. And then we can talk consumer tolerance to what that would be. It's not offered anywhere in retail. So yeah, exclusively on Amazon in the US then.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: So one more thing that I wanted to talk about is the forecast and Britney actually sent me an email email last week. So I will just go to the

Speaker A: Canadian dashboard And forecast versus actual.

Speaker C: So we need to update inventory the forecast for I believe three of them.

Speaker A: Let me check what's going on.

Speaker C: Yeah. So one is this 30 count. I wanted to reduce the forecast, but looks like it's even slower than that. And I added these comments back in February 11, so perhaps need to review this one more time. But definitely there's a slowdown with the 30 account. I'll just come up with the numbers, new numbers, probably around 400 units a month until September. And it will slow down even farther from there until December. Maybe 200 units a month in December.

Speaker B: What did you put in the forecast, Brittany? I think you were softer, weren't you?

Speaker D: I was right around where he was 700. So we're doing less. You're saying

Speaker B: what did you forecast for the other variety capture?

Speaker C: Let me show you one moment here. So I also need to update these. These are the old numbers and I

Speaker A: think these should be the new numbers.

Speaker B: No. And that's okay because what we would probably do is take the. You know, we could reduce 2, 300 from the one variety pack, put it in the other one.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah, it's probably doing more.

Speaker B: 600 is too low. Or 1000 plus a.

Speaker C: 1300 plus.

Speaker B: Yeah, 1300 plus.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: And then this one, I was thinking that towards the end of the year, because that's when Caval does better, I will increase it to 15 to 18

Speaker A: units a month instead of just keeping 10 for all the months.

Speaker C: Okay. And now coming to the prudent snack mixes, honestly, this one can perhaps do even more than 600 units a month. But based on what I have seen so far, maybe we'll keep. Keep the forecast at 600 until September, between April and September. And then we'll gradually decrease it to

Speaker A: 200 units a month in December.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker D: I can remember the exact. Obviously why I mean, I was like, oh, 10. 10 can't be correct.

Speaker A: So.

Speaker D: So I need to see what we put in there. I don't remember off the top of my head.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker D: Has the hospital.

Speaker B: I thought she was going to likely today. So I'm in here right now for a second. Let me just chatter because everybody was supposed to have it in by yesterday. Carly was finishing some. Let me just chatter here for a second and see if we could just update some of that. It's a quick update. It's moving volume one to the other. And then I was going to check what we did. Heaven. Because I looked at the overall monthly numbers when I did my proofing. Not necessarily the detail.

Speaker A: See,

Speaker B: 20 basics.

Speaker D: I see all the cells are hidden.

Speaker B: Snacks to go. Three by 15. Snacks to go. Yeah, it's basically just flipping your volume out of allocation. Britney. Oh, wait, I'm in the wrong area. I can't find the 2026 detail here. You.

Speaker D: I also updated a full month of 2025.

Speaker B: Okay. So, yeah, it's honestly just you. It's upping the. It's kind of just within the volume. It's calling down 15 grams, like at least 300 units and adding it into the. The other one instead. And then I can't see where. Snack mixes. Snack mixes.

Speaker D: Oh, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Super conservative on snack mixes. So we could have that.

Speaker D: Oh, wait, one month.

Speaker B: No, you have 765 for some reason. August. Oh, sorry, that's the wrong number. Yeah, I mean you only kind of put like 140 cases a month, so you probably could up that, which would call up the whole business, which is fine for trending up.

Speaker D: Yeah, that was, I think I said, the hardest one to really engage because we haven't had a ton of obviously history. But. And what was the showcase?

Speaker B: What was the 10?

Speaker D: Is that just when it first launched? We just put in 10.

Speaker B: Just as a placeholder.

Speaker A: Yeah, just as a place.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, honestly, I have that right now, so I can just.

Speaker D: I'll just do it. Okay. And then this is for you myself, like next time. So obviously we do like ref. So next time I. Before, just make sure that the dashboard's completely updated before I take it as. Because that's

Speaker C: not. Okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Most.

Speaker D: I mean, they were pretty close.

Speaker B: It was obviously.

Speaker D: I could tell the stack.

Speaker B: Nexus one was obviously.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker C: So. All right. Now do you want to move on to talk about the inventory that we need to send?

Speaker D: Yeah. She hasn't replied, but she is on the baby, so I'm just not sure. It's busy back there, but yes, anything, obviously. I'll get that.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: All right, so let me show you what I've got. So there's nothing for the US now in Canada. Well, I have. Okay, first of all, one thing that I need to clarify. You see these quantities in the working column? These are already created. These shipments are already created on Amazon.

Speaker B: So my question is that typically is included in your total availability.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker B: Is it not?

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker C: Now the question is, is this something that is being manufactured and will be shipped this week or the next week?

Speaker B: I think it's already shipped.

Speaker C: It's not shipped.

Speaker B: Okay, so then that must be what she's working on.

Speaker C: Okay. So in that case I still still need the quantities that I have mentioned here. The recommend in the recommended in the final recommendation column. Okay.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Or well so for this one we are discontinuing this variety back the roasted letters. So we're not going to send any. And the next one that we need

Speaker A: to send is the

Speaker C: portent snack mixes and we are right now working on sending 500 more but based on our forecast a new one 600 units a month.

Speaker A: I think we should send thousand units more.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah let me, Let me follow up. Well Brittany if you take. I'm just trying to. Because I basically what I need to do is I just need to give a forward looking forecast to our production team and saying we need to start doing snack mixes at thousand unit quantities not just at 500. So I might just send that note to my demand planning. Yeah I can just say hey Aaron, just confirming this is what's being done now but forward looking can we stretch the plan for these things?

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay,

Speaker C: So I'll, I'll discuss the next one. So I think I didn't talk about the camel now the two pack. Based on the current availability and the sales volume I would recommend that you

Speaker A: send hundred more

Speaker D: and we might be close then to the new packaging. I wonder if we could ask Erin that too because I know the Shopify sale she said or think it was new. Bob said we would still have Bob. But I wonder if we're close now.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'll put that timing in my email. I'll put it to Aaron and I'll just see see demand planning for it. But I'll ask a specific question she'll be able to tell us.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: Because have we teed up that those new product images Brittany Lindsay. Yeah.

Speaker D: So all we would do is swap like just a bottle. So she was doing the.

Speaker C: All right, moving to the 18. Sorry, did you have anything else to say? No. No. Okay good. So I. Okay, so moving to the 18 counts not to go ready pack we again

Speaker A: based on the availability we to send 650 units. That's my recommendation.

Speaker C: And and for the five liter bag, the Camelin oil we need to send 10 of those.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: So I will just send you this

Speaker A: Excel with the recommendations please.

Speaker B: And Nothing for the U.S. nothing for the U.S. okay.

Speaker C: All right. So what other things would you like to discuss today?

Speaker D: I think that's it.

Speaker B: Where are we at on the 3 pack B for inventory that we have in Canada? Because I do think that buy box thing so question for you the issues with the buy box. We decided we're going to start a F pack from scratch. We have to just sell out one and no pickles going in. And so it'll likely sell better because it has a lot of flavor in it. But then I also kind of had this question too. On our variety packs, like the three pack, is there a different assortment we should think about when we approach our bean snack variety packs? Like one of each flavor? Is that the strategic best practice? Or should we just do like, I don't know, should we do 6 and a higher price point or should we do 12 and like we're gonna make a new item anyways. Might as well make a new item. And. And if it's bigger, because maybe we go bigger and a better price point if we can. I would have to look at that. So then it's not so comparable with the individual units at grocery or something, right?

Speaker C: Yeah. So that's a good question. I would definitely like to revise the pack size because at this price point, it's not profitable. And yes, we can do a pack of six. In that case, it would be close

Speaker A: to maybe $35

Speaker C: price point or can do a little less than that if the margin makes sense. Maybe 10%, 10% lower than that. How much would that be? Like $32. And also one more recommendation would be to create a pack like, you know, how do I call this? Like, we should put all six into

Speaker B: a

Speaker C: packaging so that it looks like it's a unique sku. It's not just a multipack to Amazon.

Speaker B: Okay. So don't say that again. So sorry, you're talking about the var.

Speaker C: No, we are talking about the fava beads. Right? That's the question. That's what you're asking me. So what I'm talking about is instead of just showing it it's a pack of six. If we do a pack of six, I was suggesting how about we put it in a packaging and show that's the product that's basically a sku, so that it looks like a unique SKU to Amazon and Amazon doesn't come back

Speaker A: at us and say, hey, you're selling

Speaker C: this product somewhere at four, so you

Speaker B: just want an image of it in the box.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker D: And would it need to have that actual bag you're speaking of, where all six go in?

Speaker C: Well, that's what I'm saying.

Speaker D: I guess they're packing it.

Speaker C: See? Yeah. Will that make sense? Like, can you do that?

Speaker A: Is that reasonable?

Speaker B: Yeah, because what I'm thinking right now Is so the boxes that we send them in, I have to look right now they're just in like literally brown corrugate boxes. There's nothing design special about them. If we move to a six pack, we do have six pack boxes that are white with a big logo on them. They're a little more presentation ready. So what you're saying is take a picture of that box and maybe that box is perforated showing the brand inside or something. But it makes it look like it's a set. I see. And so is that a learning. So why do you feel that like you're saying this visually differentiates it?

Speaker C: Yeah, and I'm trying to think of ways to confuse Amazon so that they don't say that it's just a.

Speaker D: So it can't crawl and see it. And then easily London drugs match it.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Because right now. So our snack mixes though, because the six pack would have been way too high of a price point because it's more excessive item. But it's set up exactly the same. It's just a three image

Speaker D: but we

Speaker B: don't have buy box issues. And again because the item is like barely out in market right now. So.

Speaker C: Yeah,

Speaker B: we'll have to watch that. Okay, yeah, let me think about that. So what was that? That pricing board where you're like.

Speaker C: I see.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: So here we can see a breakdown of all the fees and how much you keep. Yeah. Let's say we sell one unit. How much do you keep? So if you input your cost of goods, how much would that be? Do you have a number in mind?

Speaker B: I don't. But I didn't even know how long this

Speaker C: all the time.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, I can definitely get that from my standard prostate. But putting like what are you on? Are you on right now?

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker B: I don't know. I'll put in like. Put in like six.

Speaker D: It's a free pack, right?

Speaker A: Oh my God.

Speaker C: Okay, so we are already in the negative then you have cost of shipping to Amazon. You may keep consider a 5% margin for other expenses, for example storage, returns and all. So it's at 18.5% of that.

Speaker A: How much is that? Sorry.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay, whatever. Yeah. So can you make that. Are you able to make this 35 cost? Yeah, 35.

Speaker C: And I think this fulfillment cost will also change. This will probably go up.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: But not in the same proportion.

Speaker D: Right?

Speaker A: It will not double.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: And then we can say this is

Speaker A: 14 and we can probably up this a little bit. Yeah.

Speaker C: So we will still have.

Speaker A: It's still low I'll say 10%.

Speaker D: Wow.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, I think we need to discuss a different format because the other way we can go to is it's not a variety pack and it's just a six pack of dill pickle. Like, would you ever, like, do we feel strongly that these bean snacks have to be variety of flavors or

Speaker D: should

Speaker B: we just do our hero flavors in a six pack case?

Speaker C: I think variety packs always do better.

Speaker B: Variety packs always win. Okay. And a 12 pack would be way too big, right? Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, interesting.

Speaker D: But just to go back to that box question, show them what would a box work? Like how we currently have them packaged? Or you're saying we need to create a bag that's just six 140ish grams, 120 grams inside.

Speaker C: Well, Brittany, the idea is I want to show it as a skill that is unique. So whatever achieves that goal is what

Speaker A: we need right now.

Speaker C: So if we can show it in the, in a box and make it look like it's a.

Speaker A: It's a unique skill and it's fine.

Speaker D: And then how. I guess I'm confused.

Speaker B: I agree.

Speaker D: How do we show the customers that it's six and not show Amazon that it's six?

Speaker B: You know what I mean?

Speaker C: So if we had a bag like this one, let's say the 30 count variety pack, I know it has to be bigger package, but if we had something in this format, it would look unique.

Speaker B: Yeah, you can't design inventory a whole master bay for 30 units a month later.

Speaker D: So it's like a box or something. Is it the box or does the box work? I guess, is my question.

Speaker C: Well, if the box had some kind of design on it to show what's inside, maybe that would work. But if it's just a brown box, probably not.

Speaker B: Yeah, because the whole other thing, I'm just thinking like it's kind of format like at the end of the day too, you could just take away chickpeas and jalapenes all together and create a crunchy bean variety. Now you're mixing beans and like it's just a total. It's just a totally different, like it's like a wholesome bean snack variety where it touches chickpeas and fava beans. Unfortunately, every time I put a chickpea in something, it brings down our reviews. But yeah, we need to think about that. But. And we need to plan to just snack mix. We've got to watch this buy box thing. But I think you only ever said that London Drugs is the biggest issue of the buy box. Right. That's really the only one that kind of comes up. So I'm going to talk to the sales team and just see where we're at with London Drugs on that snack fix.

Speaker D: Remove my bookstore.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's hard. Yeah, yeah. Add it to my agenda. Okay.

Speaker D: This is all super useful, but for

Speaker B: now I'm going to just send that email to Aaron just so if you could send me that inventory snapshot there show. I'm just going to send you an email to Aaron so that we're updated. That's what I was looking at, looking at the production schedule for this week because I can see what they're making this week. Amazon. Okay.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: So this week they are building 180 units of 18 by 28 grams. They're building 36 cases of fava varieties, 48 cases of chickpea varieties, and 500 cases of. So this is the working line that you saw in your show.

Speaker A: This is.

Speaker B: This is what's being worked on.

Speaker A: All right, great.

Speaker B: Awesome. All right, thanks, everybody.

Speaker C: Thank you.

