Transcript for: Recording__96.mp4
Title: Recording #96
============================================================

Three different ideas here. I mean the first two are quite similar. Yeah. And this is the second idea. Are you suggesting that we do both of these test eventually or just any of them? Yeah, I think mostly I will prefer this. I think. Okay. Any one of them actually any of the first two that is the same. Yeah. And all these. Okay. So showing product out of the box. You can do it like any of this way directly product are coming out of the package. And then another test could be like the second idea. Yeah. So this we can do later. Yeah. And this can be the same changes can be applied to all its variations as well. Right. Other 12 pics. Yeah. Okay. Then the current images, like additional images that we have. Like if we change those images, we can monitor our conversion rate better images convert. Are you suggesting that we do these changes and do a B testing or are you suggesting that we just change it and then monitor the conversion change from the business report? No, I am suggesting doing a B testing. Okay. All right. So a bit testing will. Will get the data if they are converting better. Right. And what kind of changes? Changes are below. Okay. These are the recommendations. Yeah. So what I was thinking is combining second and fifth image. So this is the second image. Yes. And fifth image. Yes. So we can include all of this in a single image. Right. So something like this or like this like protein and all those things. Information above and that gluten plant based below. IQ verse design is so good, isn't it? Yeah, looks so good. Or we can write it this way. This is then the second change that we can do is we can eliminate fourth and eighth image. Like this is the one holding the bars and this one. Right. So they are like a. They are showing the same bar again and like nothing is written or anything, is there? Right. Yeah. Fourth and eighth image. So you are talking about eliminating them. Could you tell me the idea one more time? Yeah. So what I was thinking is instead of that, you know, like we can create image that talks about our ingredient, flavor or taste of the product. Okay. Yeah. So like I written here. I'm not. Not sure if it's okay. Yeah. Why not? Yeah, it's definitely okay. Like if we select like flavor, like cookies and cream. Yeah. Like we can design an image where we can like include similar or such kind of this thing. Like satisfy the craving of unhealthy cookies with our bar or something similar or maybe like about information about the flavor. Right. Yeah. And are you suggesting we do this just for cookies and cream or are you suggesting we do it for all. Yeah. Actually for all. For all. Okay. Yeah. So like we can select. We'll. We can if we want, we can try it with two products and if it's working, we can make those changes for other products or again do the EB testing for other products. Anyhow. Yes. So this is actually I had suggested for this keto bar peanut butter just for the example I taken like cookies and cream flavor. Because that was easy to explain. Okay, So that was another image. So two images like this, then this ingredients one and comparison one we can keep. And have you written that somewhere, by the way? No, not written that, write that. That would be wonderful because I can just share this thing with the client. Yeah, you can also add it later on. But I'm just suggesting that you write everything down. Yeah. So similarly like this. Now color goes well with the product packaging. Brown and white color packaging. So over all the images are. It does have those colors. Yes, but it's not as good as let's say the IQ bar. Yeah, that's correct. Because. Yeah. They have like used many elements here actually. The props and the backdrop, everything. Yeah. Then the shadow and all this. Yeah. So we can design it that way as well. What? Why are you suggesting. Let me hear it from you. Yeah. So this I had suggested because we will keep these two images for now anyways. We will be changing the other images. So three, four images will be changing. Yes. So depending on how they like perform. We can then change this later and directly replace it. No need to do a B testing. You can directly change those. These images in that theme. Yeah. Okay. You just want to update the theme for these two images. Everything will be the same. Okay. So like this image, the content will remain same. If we design the new image, the content will mostly remain same. A group 10 free seeker, free diabetic. Yes, for now. We can skip that. You can do it later. Because designing also takes a lot of time. Right? Exactly. Yeah. So that was what I was thinking. So you. Okay, I get that. So even the theme change may not be necessary right now. Just keep them as is. Is that what is interesting? Okay. Yeah. Okay. So now these IQ bars, I checked. So all of them, how they are is like if the bars label like the bar packaging has these colors, all the images, they have similar colors. So the packaging is green. All the things become green. That way the elements use the backdrop. Yes. And. And you have written that somewhere, have you just. I have just written that the colors used in the image match the color of our practice. Okay. We can use the same colors while Creating new version of the image. That's what I'll return. Right, Right. Okay. Okay. So if we check for example now this item has these two colors. We change this item to this, it has this. So when designing for this, we should use this color. What I think. Yeah. Makes sense. Makes sense. I get the different shades of that color. Yeah. Then the. Yeah. So something like this that tells us about this thing, the test. Yeah. Okay, we have covered that. Then one more image where like keywords like that. I forgot to add this image. Yeah. So if we see this image, they have like used some of the keywords that people search. Nutritions, nutritious snacking, pre post exercise. Do the search for that pre post exercise thing or is it. Is it not more like they are just describing the situations where these are used. So for example, after review analysis, you understand, right? That is it not more about that rather than keywords? No. Yeah. Actually it's on the situations where people use it. But it's like also includes. So sometimes we search for such type of keywords like post exercise bar. Right, okay. Or nutritious snacks. Yeah. Even these like, like 3pm Slum protection. Like. Yeah. So that kind of things like at night too or something like that. Yeah. You could also say late night snacking. Right? Yeah. Late night sleeping or something here. The. The design is awesome. But also I have to admit that photography and everything is on point. Yeah. Yeah. They will be like done very professionally. Cost them a lot. Yeah. Yeah. This brand is huge on Amazon. Amazon is their major revenue channel for them. Yeah. So adding that image. That's what I was thinking where like we can just write on the ghost neck healthy bar somewhat some keywords. We can include either keywords or the situations where people use them. Right. Or one with such kind of things like eye, protein, pre workout. All those things like where our product is suitable. And in addition to this, if we want we can add a lifestyle image where like people are using that thing, our product. Yeah. Something like this have that. Yeah. This is just a basic one. But for the lifestyle image I did not find many good images. So most of the products I search like other examples, similar examples or our product. Search somewhere like they are there. But like this basic image is something like this. Right? Yeah. Most people don't spend money on that. Yeah. Is the point here is one of that. Yeah. Make doesn't make sense. Like if we like add the situations in the infographics already, like people can imagine that. Exactly. And you know what Amazon, I mean they also read the context of the image there's way. So Amazon AWS for example has something called Rekognition. It's a tool, it's a feature with a key recognition, not see. And now if you upload an image there, they can identify first of all the text content that is written. Second is they can also understand the context. So what is happening in the picture. You understand that. So that also makes it more important that if when we're describing something, if the imageries are actually describing the context of use or showing how it's used, then Amazon will be able to understand that. And this is an assumption, right? This is Amazon is not telling us that they do it, but they do have that kind of capabilities. Check the relevancy of the product with the keywords. And they have been suppressing products based on image text on images. Yeah, they definitely check that it is. Yeah. So like three type of image changes in all the products that I was like. The remaining products will have some similar ideas. The format will be same, just the keywords will change. These keywords, what we have to include will change, that's all. And the use cases will be changing, right? Yeah. For all the bars we'll definitely have similar images. Right. With similar messaging. Now you probably would want to do the same for the keto cups, right? The top focus areas. So under the best selling products, that's one of the focus areas we have the bars. One bar, I think, or two bars, whatever it is. And then we have some cups, whatever is there. Will you do similar analysis and create similar plans for them? Right? Yeah. Okay, so will it work or. Yeah, I think it works. It does. For the main image you have done a great job for the. For everything. But for the main image you can, if you want you can come up with. Well, you have given two ideas to test that is sufficient. Start with. But if you. You can. If you can add one or two more. Not for this case. In the future, for the future products. If you think you can give a few more ideas, that would be also nice because main image is something that is worth testing more than anything. Yes, we are testing the listing images too. That matters a lot. But I think main image is going to drive the click through as you know that, right. And I think it's the most important thing in the listing. One of the most important title, minimage, price, number of reviews. Those are the most important things, right? Yeah. For click through. Right. For conversion listing images are very important. Yeah. So like when I search for more products, you can find out more ideas or maybe we can try changing the. What you see the orientation of the product maybe something like that. Yeah. And you can mix and match. For example you. I'm just giving an example. You probably not do this. So when I was working on cookies no sugar cookies. I came across. Came across one brand. I forgotten name of the brand. They are very. They have a very well known cookies no sugar cookies product in the US and the way they have shown their one individual wrapped package from the box out of the box in a different angle. It's. It's. It's a bit different. You know, I cannot even explain. It's not very simple or common to see. It's just different. So feel like clicking on whenever you check them. Sorry, what. What is that? Like whenever we. It comes under the search results you feel like clicking on it. Yeah. Or it's kind of like out of the ordinary. It grabs your attention. So what I was saying is here for example you have looked into other snack bars or keto bars because we are now looking into keto merse. Right now as you work on more products you will see more categories. So probably you can mix and match some of those ideas from other categories. For example, you may see something interesting when you are working on Keto Cups or Shales. I'm not sure if that's one of the top sellers that you have taken. But let's say you are taking a look at those other categories and you found something very interesting. You can mix and match those ideas for even keytruders. Yeah, yeah. So now for this like I had one Another idea is like the way you said like placing somewhat label or something on the packaging or nearby packaging like where it doesn't somewhat. Does not violate the policies. So but what will you write on that? Yeah, like for this item now this is the main keywords for these are no sugar, keto bar or keto bar. So that is already visible on the product. This thing. That's the reason I just keep that idea. Okay, so what would you like to mention on that? Keto bar is already there. Yeah. What else? Yeah, like for this product. I skipped that. We can use those ideas for another product. Okay. Yeah, sure you can do that. All right. We hope so this works. I think you can totally do it for other products and yeah, this looks good. Yeah. By tomorrow I'll add more products in this like that we can start for the month. Yes, the two months. Yeah, for. Right, for. I hope that we are making the plan for four months on our end. We will not send everything probably we'll just send the first batch of this that we need to do to the client so they can work on it. Yeah but I think it would be better for you to. If you line up all those ideas then you will not need to repeat this monthly. This process monthly. Right. If you do it now we'll be good until the end of second quarter. So now one more thing is I want to ask is how much we will do in a month. So for example now these variations, this one is seen then the other variations like these four Asins are there? Yes. These are 12 packs. Yes. 24 packs. I have not mentioned. What I have mentioned is if we see there is a change in the click through rate we can do it same for the 24 pack. Yes. Yeah. Or mostly what we can do is we will be designing the 12 pack images that will work with the 24 packs anyways. Right. Because so you wanted to ask like how many variations we'll do the same test for. Yeah, yeah. Like now we have five these things. So five variations in this one. So right. Total five variations. So we'll have to design 15 images. Okay. First of all you can only run one test for the entire parent list at a time. So that means if we do a test for the peanut butter bar then that's all we can do at a time. We cannot do the test for others. And second thing is we are only going to do the test for the focus products. So if all the variations are not our focus products then we are not going to run a test. The best we can do is let's say we are doing the test on keto bar, peanut butter bar and we see a concept is winning. We can implement the same concept for the other variations. We're not going to run different tests that that's how I'll look at it. So like we can. So we can consider doing test for this. So we'll be creating three images and we'll be testing this. If it works then the other variations. Yeah okay let's say out of the other four variations or five variations one more. There's one more listing that is also one of the top five best sellers then probably we can do some tests with that either with the same concept or different concepts if you, if you have some different ideas. But yeah that's how we'll go. We will just set up the apts for the best selling. I mean the focus products basically. And yeah I already said these were. And at a time we can just run why I asked because if all the variations are considered. They'll become like they have to design 15 images. So we cannot suggest more than three, two, three products. I think. I don't know how they. Okay, so we have. We are not doing. Yeah, they are not doing the images new just for all products right away. Right? Yeah. Okay. When we do a B testing, we're just going to probably. And I have given you the division I think you can also take. Okay, let me restart kind of. Because I think I am making this. It may sound a bit confusing the way I'm putting it. So if you take a look, I have recommended that we do certain number of tests throughout the year. Right? Yeah. Next slide. Probably not here, actually. Is this dinosaur. Yeah, scroll down a little bit more. Maybe go to the A B testing section. I'm not sure if there's a dedicated one. Oh, this is a Joy versus usa. No, there's one that says just annual strategy. Not this one. Not this file. Yeah, fine. Okay. So there's another file that I sent you where I have kept all of these plants together. So no Sugar US and then no Sugar Canada. And even if you look at here, I have suggested that we will do four to five tests each for each Focus products. And I think if you count the individual products or individual flavors, let's say there will be six or seven Focus products. So we are aiming to do for just no sugar US account about somewhere between 24 to 35 tastes just for this. Right. So. And then we're planning to do the same for no Sugar Canada. We are planning to do some other number for Slim Pic anyway. So four to five tests for each Focus product throughout the year. Yeah, through the year. So what we try to do is take a look at how many tests that we need to do in total for all accounts. So no Sugar us, no Sugar Canada and Platinum US and then say what is reasonable for us to plan first of all? And I mean, how, How. Okay, not reasonable. That's another question. If we need to do these many tests in the year, how many tests do we need to run in the first quarter? How many in the second quarter? So we'll divide that, right. And then we'll say that, okay, we'll plan it for each quarter at a time. But probably they will not be able to make all the designs that we require in the entire quarter at a time. They will do the first stage. So the first set of experiments that we are going to do in that quarter. Right. And that could last summer between maybe one month. I think sometimes it even Takes a little bit more. So we'll then have to divide the entire. The number of tests that we plan to do in that quarter in that many half. So let's say two or three segments. Right. And the first batch will ask them that they design these many images or whatever we need from them or videos. That's how I'm asking you to plan. That's how you can come up with a number. So in these four months, you will say, oh, these are the total number of tests in a year. Fine. In these four months, we'll do this. So if it is. If this is the number for four months, how many batches of test can we do in four months? Maybe three. So, all right, so according to that, so in the first batch, how many designs do I need from them? You can specify. These are the ones that you need from so that they can work on it and give it to us. That's the first batch. So now in the first batch, we can. This one product. When we suggest one product or from each product project. Yeah. So maybe. Yeah, that's again, up to you. You will do the math. So there are three focus areas in no Sugar us. There are three in no Sugar Canada. Right. If you select just. I'm not sure if we do. We'll do even that many image tests. Six or seven. Right? There are six. Yeah. Or seven products. So we'll. I'll let you decide that. All right, so I'll let you take a look at that combined file and then decide how many you need to do in the four months and then decide how many you need to do in the first batch. And based on that, you will decide. So in the first batch, let's say you come up with eight different tests. Fine. But out of that, all eight are not image tests. Probably four are image tests and four are title tests. It can happen that way. So then we'll have to specify which four image tests we want to do and then send it to them. Just to give you an example, this is not the exact number. Understood? Yeah, Yeah. At least, like for the first month plan, I'll complete by tomorrow and I'll be working on the remaining plan as well. Yeah, sure. I think you have done a good job. This is exactly what we need to do for all the other products, Focus products and for Slipkn us. Very detailed, very thorough. And I think you will be able to speed up the process because this is the first time you're doing it. So probably you will get more familiar. You'll get the hang of this process. And then you'll do better. You'll do it faster and of course better too, probably. Yeah. So that's. Is there. Is that all that you wanted to discuss now? Yeah, that's. That's not. By the way, do you. Are you more habituated to Fahrenheit or Celsius? Okay. No, I'm just seeing 82 degrees Fahrenheit temperature on your computer. And that's why I was wondering. Okay. No, no, that is like, like I never check that. It's just there. Yeah, it just shows. Right, right. That's the American way. I'm not accustomed to that. Just a totally non, not, not related, unrelated question. Why are you. I mean, did you study at it. English medium school or in your local. Did you study in your local language? English medium school? Actually studied. Yeah. Now I was wondering that you speak English very well and that's not. Yes, people in India can do that, but you're very good at it. So. Yeah, I was wondering what it takes to do that. So the main thing was like for the first to 10, I studied in like local language with one English as one single subject. Oh, yeah. And then just the 11th and 12th. You studied in English. Yeah. And most of the like, text were in English, like in the college as well. Right. And also in. While in college, I started watching a lot of movies, Hollywood movies. So mostly that also helped me to increase, like improve my language. Right. Yeah. Well, you know what? Before going to Canada, I couldn't even like, I had real struggle speaking in English. And then I had to prepare for Canada. I mean, I was even afraid when I was traveling there. I was. That was the first time I was flying outside of India and I was really afraid. But it all worked out okay. And with time it also improved for me. I studied in local language, I Bengali. It doesn't feel like you. Like your accent is also different. Well, like a foreign accent. No, it's not foreign accent. Yeah, it has changed. I think it has changed over time. But yes, staying in Canada for seven years, that does change things. Right. And honestly, I have been trying, actively trying, and in fact I'm taking lessons on accent for almost a year now. Yeah. Because you know what, when you speak with you, I want to do business. Right. So if you speak with Canadians and there's. There are some heavy accent, accent is fine. But then it's not clear to them. They sometimes need to ask me, hey, what do you say? Two times, three times, that's not okay. So I need to at least get Rid of any heavy accent so they can understand me clear. Even now. It happens even now. You know, but like if we compare to other countries, like Indians speak most like mostly Indians speak English better compared to other. That's true. Have you spoken with anyone from the Philippines before? No, not. No. Right. They speak really good English. I mean. I mean Indians are good. But also if you listen to their English, they had. They do have accent. But those who are a little bit polished, that's more American accent accent and it's wonderful. And you don't believe I have seen even 5 year olds speaking English. I don't know how that happens. Here in the metro cities nowadays. Like everyone speaks like even small people, like small children also speak. Yeah. Because they are in the environment. Such environment where like everywhere they have English. Like this school with the English medic. Right, right. When that is there, you can pick up very fast from the starting. Right. You know, we were to give you an idea about what we are trying to do or what I'm thinking of in terms of the agency's future and growth is. You see, right now we are trying to take a structured approach. All these presentations that I have made for the client and also the way I am asking you to make plan, a concrete plan that and a very str. In a very structured way that. Okay. So we are taking a look at the quarter, not month or anything like that. We are thinking about in terms of quarter and annual planning. And you are breaking it down and then having everything written very clear that can be communicated with their team. We are doing all these things. And by the way, I'm also doing this with Valerie for advertising, where he has to work on advertising plans. And the reason I'm doing it is because this is how, if we want to work with a bit bigger companies. I was going to say corporations, they are also very disciplined and structured there you cannot just attend a meeting and then speak your mind. You have to have a presentation. You have to have it. Exactly, exactly. That's what they need. And this is what I'm trying to do for myself too. I'm also trying to get more structured. I was. Anyone would say that I was very casual. Right. As an structure, I didn't have anything in writing. So I'm trying to improve on that. And at the same time I'm also asking you and Bolvari to implement the same so that we are ready to work with bigger clients. That's what we are doing right now. And I understand it takes a bit more time, but you know, What Once you have the plan, I think it gives you clarity. It becomes more effective. And also once you have the plan, you are not repeating the work. It's not like you're just trying to. I mean, it's not like it's random. You know what you are doing. You know it's going to work. The client also can see that it's not random work is what I mean. Yeah, yeah. So that's what it shows the professionalism as well. Like whenever we present the data to the client. Exactly. Yeah, it does. For now, if we talk about professional, that kind of client, I. I would say it's a no sugar and slim Creek, these two. And along with that, three farmers that we have recently started working. These are the big leagues. Iosh and no sugar company is huge. Chief farmers. Not that big, but they're also very disciplined and will need this skill set in the future if you want to work with clients like this. Yeah, so. And that's why you will see we're not doing it for the other clients, but just for these two. Yeah, Give me one second. Okay. That was my mom asking about bottle. Anyway, so we are talking about this. What is happening, what we are thinking, what we are working on right now. Yeah. Anyway, so that is. That is all I wanted to say. I just wanted to give you some clarity on what's going on so that you are like you. You know what's happening. You will probably be able to contribute it better if you understand what's happening. Right? Yeah. Yeah. All right. So I think that's all for this one. And I look forward to the plan for the other products. You said that you expect to finish that by when? Tomorrow. I'll. Because I have most of the things kept aside like that. Oh, by the way, when is like holy here? We have holy here. Tomorrow. How about your. At your place? Yeah, tomorrow. Tomorrow. So is it not a holiday? Yeah, it's already. But I'll be. Yeah, so when I'll go out that time? I never. It doesn't work anyways. Don't work like. No, no, you can take a holiday. Holiday tomorrow. Okay, fine. It's like, yeah, you can take a holiday because you need to take holidays. And I'm not trying to make you overworked. No, like, anyways, after two days we have the weekly of it. So Saturday, Sunday is there right on the. Okay, well. Well, totally up to you. But I mean, even if you work some time off, go out, enjoy some time with friends and family, whoever you play holy with. Yeah. All right. So thank you so much for your. Bye for now. Yeah.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Three different ideas here. I mean the first two are quite similar.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And this is the second idea. Are you suggesting that we do both of these test eventually or just any of them?

Speaker B: Yeah, I think mostly I will prefer this. I think.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Any one of them actually any of

Speaker A: the first two that is the same.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And all these. Okay.

Speaker B: So showing product out of the box. You can do it like any of this way directly product are coming out of the package.

Speaker A: And then another test could be like the second idea.

Speaker B: Yeah. So this we can do later. Yeah. And this can be the same changes can be applied to all its variations as well.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Other 12 pics.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: Then the current images, like additional images that we have. Like if we change those images, we can monitor our conversion rate better images convert.

Speaker A: Are you suggesting that we do these changes and do a B testing or are you suggesting that we just change it and then monitor the conversion change from the business report?

Speaker B: No, I am suggesting doing a B testing.

Speaker A: Okay. All right.

Speaker B: So a bit testing will. Will get the data if they are converting better.

Speaker A: Right. And what kind of changes? Changes are below. Okay. These are the recommendations.

Speaker B: Yeah. So what I was thinking is combining second and fifth image. So this is the second image.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: And fifth image.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: So we can include all of this in a single image.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: So something like this or like this like protein and all those things. Information above and that gluten plant based below.

Speaker A: IQ verse design is so good, isn't it?

Speaker B: Yeah, looks so good. Or we can write it this way. This is then the second change that we can do is we can eliminate fourth and eighth image. Like this is the one holding the bars and this one.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: So they are like a. They are showing the same bar again and like nothing is written or anything, is there?

Speaker A: Right. Yeah. Fourth and eighth image. So you are talking about eliminating them. Could you tell me the idea one more time?

Speaker B: Yeah. So what I was thinking is instead of that, you know, like we can create image that talks about our ingredient, flavor or taste of the product.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. So like I written here. I'm not. Not sure if it's okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Why not? Yeah, it's definitely okay.

Speaker B: Like if we select like flavor, like cookies and cream. Yeah. Like we can design an image where we can like include similar or such kind of this thing. Like satisfy the craving of unhealthy cookies with our bar or something similar or maybe like about information about the flavor.

Speaker A: Right. Yeah. And are you suggesting we do this just for cookies and cream or are you suggesting we do it for all.

Speaker B: Yeah. Actually for all.

Speaker A: For all. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. So like we can select. We'll. We can if we want, we can try it with two products and if it's working, we can make those changes for other products or again do the EB testing for other products. Anyhow.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: So this is actually I had suggested for this keto bar peanut butter just for the example I taken like cookies and cream flavor. Because that was easy to explain.

Speaker A: Okay,

Speaker B: So that was another image. So two images like this, then this ingredients one and comparison one we can keep.

Speaker A: And have you written that somewhere, by the way?

Speaker B: No, not written that, write that.

Speaker A: That would be wonderful because I can just share this thing with the client. Yeah, you can also add it later on. But I'm just suggesting that you write everything down. Yeah.

Speaker B: So similarly like this. Now color goes well with the product packaging. Brown and white color packaging. So over all the images are. It does have those colors.

Speaker A: Yes, but it's not as good as let's say the IQ bar.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's correct. Because. Yeah. They have like used many elements here actually.

Speaker A: The props and the backdrop, everything.

Speaker B: Yeah. Then the shadow and all this. Yeah. So we can design it that way as well.

Speaker A: What? Why are you suggesting. Let me hear it from you.

Speaker B: Yeah. So this I had suggested because we will keep these two images for now anyways. We will be changing the other images. So three, four images will be changing.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: So depending on how they like perform. We can then change this later and directly replace it. No need to do a B testing.

Speaker A: You can directly change those. These images in that theme.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. You just want to update the theme for these two images. Everything will be the same. Okay.

Speaker B: So like this image, the content will remain same. If we design the new image, the content will mostly remain same. A group 10 free seeker, free diabetic. Yes, for now. We can skip that. You can do it later. Because designing also takes a lot of time. Right?

Speaker A: Exactly. Yeah.

Speaker B: So that was what I was thinking.

Speaker A: So you. Okay, I get that. So even the theme change may not be necessary right now. Just keep them as is. Is that what is interesting? Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: So now these IQ bars, I checked. So all of them, how they are is like if the bars label like the bar packaging has these colors, all the images, they have similar colors. So the packaging is green. All the things become green. That way the elements use the backdrop.

Speaker A: Yes. And. And you have written that somewhere, have you just.

Speaker B: I have just written that the colors used in the image match the color of our practice.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: We can use the same colors while Creating new version of the image. That's what I'll return.

Speaker A: Right, Right. Okay. Okay.

Speaker B: So if we check for example now this item has these two colors. We change this item to this, it has this. So when designing for this, we should use this color. What I think.

Speaker A: Yeah. Makes sense. Makes sense. I get the different shades of that color.

Speaker B: Yeah. Then the. Yeah. So something like this that tells us about this thing, the test. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, we have covered that.

Speaker B: Then one more image where like keywords like that. I forgot to add this image. Yeah. So if we see this image, they have like used some of the keywords that people search. Nutritions, nutritious snacking, pre post exercise.

Speaker A: Do the search for that pre post exercise thing or is it. Is it not more like they are just describing the situations where these are used. So for example, after review analysis, you understand, right? That is it not more about that rather than keywords?

Speaker B: No. Yeah. Actually it's on the situations where people use it. But it's like also includes. So sometimes we search for such type of keywords like post exercise bar.

Speaker A: Right, okay.

Speaker B: Or nutritious snacks. Yeah. Even these like, like 3pm Slum protection. Like.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So that kind of things like at night too or something like that.

Speaker A: Yeah. You could also say late night snacking. Right?

Speaker B: Yeah. Late night sleeping or something here.

Speaker A: The. The design is awesome. But also I have to admit that photography and everything is on point.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. They will be like done very professionally. Cost them a lot.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. This brand is huge on Amazon. Amazon is their major revenue channel for them.

Speaker B: Yeah. So adding that image. That's what I was thinking where like we can just write on the ghost neck healthy bar somewhat some keywords. We can include either keywords or the situations where people use them.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Or one with such kind of things like eye, protein, pre workout. All those things like where our product is suitable. And in addition to this, if we want we can add a lifestyle image where like people are using that thing,

Speaker A: our product.

Speaker B: Yeah. Something like this have that.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: This is just a basic one. But for the lifestyle image I did not find many good images. So most of the products I search

Speaker A: like other examples, similar examples or our product.

Speaker B: Search somewhere like they are there. But like this basic image is something like this.

Speaker A: Right? Yeah. Most people don't spend money on that.

Speaker B: Yeah. Is the point here is one of that.

Speaker A: Yeah. Make doesn't make sense.

Speaker B: Like if we like add the situations in the infographics already, like people can imagine that.

Speaker A: Exactly. And you know what Amazon, I mean they also read the context of the image there's way. So Amazon AWS for example has something called Rekognition. It's a tool, it's a feature with a key recognition, not see. And now if you upload an image there, they can identify first of all the text content that is written. Second is they can also understand the context. So what is happening in the picture. You understand that. So that also makes it more important that if when we're describing something, if the imageries are actually describing the context of use or showing how it's used, then Amazon will be able to understand that. And this is an assumption, right? This is Amazon is not telling us that they do it, but they do have that kind of capabilities.

Speaker B: Check the relevancy of the product with the keywords.

Speaker A: And they have been suppressing products based on image text on images.

Speaker B: Yeah, they definitely check that it is.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So like three type of image changes in all the products that I was like. The remaining products will have some similar ideas. The format will be same, just the keywords will change. These keywords, what we have to include will change, that's all. And the use cases will be changing, right?

Speaker A: Yeah. For all the bars we'll definitely have similar images. Right. With similar messaging. Now you probably would want to do the same for the keto cups, right? The top focus areas. So under the best selling products, that's one of the focus areas we have the bars. One bar, I think, or two bars, whatever it is. And then we have some cups, whatever is there. Will you do similar analysis and create similar plans for them? Right?

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay, so will it work or.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think it works. It does. For the main image you have done a great job for the. For everything. But for the main image you can, if you want you can come up with. Well, you have given two ideas to test that is sufficient. Start with. But if you. You can. If you can add one or two more. Not for this case. In the future, for the future products. If you think you can give a few more ideas, that would be also nice because main image is something that is worth testing more than anything. Yes, we are testing the listing images too. That matters a lot. But I think main image is going to drive the click through as you know that, right. And I think it's the most important thing in the listing. One of the most important title, minimage, price, number of reviews. Those are the most important things, right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: For click through. Right. For conversion listing images are very important.

Speaker B: Yeah. So like when I search for more products, you can find out more ideas or maybe we can try changing the. What you see the orientation of the product maybe something like that.

Speaker A: Yeah. And you can mix and match. For example you. I'm just giving an example. You probably not do this. So when I was working on cookies no sugar cookies. I came across. Came across one brand. I forgotten name of the brand. They are very. They have a very well known cookies no sugar cookies product in the US and the way they have shown their one individual wrapped package from the box out of the box in a different angle. It's. It's. It's a bit different. You know, I cannot even explain. It's not very simple or common to see. It's just different.

Speaker B: So feel like clicking on whenever you check them.

Speaker A: Sorry, what. What is that?

Speaker B: Like whenever we. It comes under the search results you feel like clicking on it.

Speaker A: Yeah. Or it's kind of like out of the ordinary. It grabs your attention. So what I was saying is here for example you have looked into other snack bars or keto bars because we are now looking into keto merse. Right now as you work on more products you will see more categories. So probably you can mix and match some of those ideas from other categories. For example, you may see something interesting when you are working on Keto Cups or Shales. I'm not sure if that's one of the top sellers that you have taken. But let's say you are taking a look at those other categories and you found something very interesting. You can mix and match those ideas for even keytruders.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. So now for this like I had one Another idea is like the way you said like placing somewhat label or something on the packaging or nearby packaging like where it doesn't somewhat. Does not violate the policies.

Speaker A: So but what will you write on that?

Speaker B: Yeah, like for this item now this is the main keywords for these are no sugar, keto bar or keto bar. So that is already visible on the product. This thing. That's the reason I just keep that idea.

Speaker A: Okay, so what would you like to mention on that? Keto bar is already there.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: What else?

Speaker B: Yeah, like for this product. I skipped that. We can use those ideas for another product.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, sure you can do that. All right. We hope so this works. I think you can totally do it for other products and yeah, this looks good.

Speaker B: Yeah. By tomorrow I'll add more products in this like that we can start for the month.

Speaker A: Yes, the two months. Yeah, for. Right, for. I hope that we are making the plan for four months on our end. We will not send everything probably we'll just send the first batch of this that we need to do to the client so they can work on it. Yeah but I think it would be better for you to. If you line up all those ideas then you will not need to repeat this monthly. This process monthly. Right. If you do it now we'll be good until the end of second quarter.

Speaker B: So now one more thing is I want to ask is how much we will do in a month. So for example now these variations, this one is seen then the other variations like these four Asins are there?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: These are 12 packs.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: 24 packs. I have not mentioned. What I have mentioned is if we see there is a change in the click through rate we can do it same for the 24 pack.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah. Or mostly what we can do is we will be designing the 12 pack images that will work with the 24 packs anyways.

Speaker A: Right. Because so you wanted to ask like how many variations we'll do the same test for.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Like now we have five these things. So five variations in this one. So right. Total five variations. So we'll have to design 15 images.

Speaker A: Okay. First of all you can only run one test for the entire parent list at a time. So that means if we do a test for the peanut butter bar then that's all we can do at a time. We cannot do the test for others. And second thing is we are only going to do the test for the focus products. So if all the variations are not our focus products then we are not going to run a test. The best we can do is let's say we are doing the test on keto bar, peanut butter bar and we see a concept is winning. We can implement the same concept for the other variations. We're not going to run different tests that that's how I'll look at it.

Speaker B: So like we can. So we can consider doing test for this. So we'll be creating three images and we'll be testing this. If it works then the other variations.

Speaker A: Yeah okay let's say out of the other four variations or five variations one more. There's one more listing that is also one of the top five best sellers then probably we can do some tests with that either with the same concept or different concepts if you, if you have some different ideas. But yeah that's how we'll go. We will just set up the apts for the best selling. I mean the focus products basically. And yeah I already said these were. And at a time we can just

Speaker B: run why I asked because if all the variations are considered. They'll become like they have to design 15 images. So we cannot suggest more than three, two, three products. I think. I don't know how they.

Speaker A: Okay, so we have. We are not doing. Yeah, they are not doing the images new just for all products right away. Right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. When we do a B testing, we're just going to probably. And I have given you the division I think you can also take. Okay, let me restart kind of. Because I think I am making this. It may sound a bit confusing the way I'm putting it. So if you take a look, I have recommended that we do certain number of tests throughout the year. Right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Next slide. Probably not here, actually. Is this dinosaur. Yeah, scroll down a little bit more. Maybe go to the A B testing section. I'm not sure if there's a dedicated one. Oh, this is a Joy versus usa. No, there's one that says just annual strategy. Not this one. Not this file. Yeah, fine. Okay. So there's another file that I sent you where I have kept all of these plants together. So no Sugar US and then no Sugar Canada. And even if you look at here, I have suggested that we will do four to five tests each for each Focus products. And I think if you count the individual products or individual flavors, let's say there will be six or seven Focus products. So we are aiming to do for just no sugar US account about somewhere between 24 to 35 tastes just for this. Right. So. And then we're planning to do the same for no Sugar Canada. We are planning to do some other number for Slim Pic anyway.

Speaker B: So four to five tests for each Focus product throughout the year.

Speaker A: Yeah, through the year. So what we try to do is take a look at how many tests that we need to do in total for all accounts. So no Sugar us, no Sugar Canada and Platinum US and then say what is reasonable for us to plan first of all? And I mean, how, How. Okay, not reasonable. That's another question. If we need to do these many tests in the year, how many tests do we need to run in the first quarter? How many in the second quarter? So we'll divide that, right. And then we'll say that, okay, we'll plan it for each quarter at a time. But probably they will not be able to make all the designs that we require in the entire quarter at a time. They will do the first stage. So the first set of experiments that we are going to do in that quarter. Right. And that could last summer between maybe one month. I think sometimes it even Takes a little bit more. So we'll then have to divide the entire. The number of tests that we plan to do in that quarter in that many half. So let's say two or three segments. Right. And the first batch will ask them that they design these many images or whatever we need from them or videos. That's how I'm asking you to plan. That's how you can come up with a number. So in these four months, you will say, oh, these are the total number of tests in a year. Fine. In these four months, we'll do this. So if it is. If this is the number for four months, how many batches of test can we do in four months? Maybe three. So, all right, so according to that, so in the first batch, how many designs do I need from them? You can specify. These are the ones that you need from so that they can work on it and give it to us. That's the first batch.

Speaker B: So now in the first batch, we can. This one product. When we suggest one product or from each product project.

Speaker A: Yeah. So maybe. Yeah, that's again, up to you. You will do the math. So there are three focus areas in no Sugar us. There are three in no Sugar Canada. Right. If you select just. I'm not sure if we do. We'll do even that many image tests. Six or seven. Right? There are six.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Or seven products. So we'll. I'll let you decide that. All right, so I'll let you take a look at that combined file and then decide how many you need to do in the four months and then decide how many you need to do in the first batch. And based on that, you will decide. So in the first batch, let's say you come up with eight different tests. Fine. But out of that, all eight are not image tests. Probably four are image tests and four are title tests. It can happen that way. So then we'll have to specify which four image tests we want to do and then send it to them. Just to give you an example, this is not the exact number.

Speaker B: Understood?

Speaker A: Yeah,

Speaker B: Yeah. At least, like for the first month plan, I'll complete by tomorrow and I'll be working on the remaining plan as well.

Speaker A: Yeah, sure. I think you have done a good job. This is exactly what we need to do for all the other products, Focus products and for Slipkn us. Very detailed, very thorough. And I think you will be able to speed up the process because this is the first time you're doing it. So probably you will get more familiar. You'll get the hang of this process. And then you'll do better. You'll do it faster and of course better too, probably. Yeah. So that's. Is there. Is that all that you wanted to discuss now?

Speaker B: Yeah, that's. That's not.

Speaker A: By the way, do you. Are you more habituated to Fahrenheit or Celsius? Okay. No, I'm just seeing 82 degrees Fahrenheit temperature on your computer. And that's why I was wondering.

Speaker B: Okay. No, no, that is like, like I never check that. It's just there. Yeah, it just shows.

Speaker A: Right, right. That's the American way. I'm not accustomed to that. Just a totally non, not, not related, unrelated question. Why are you. I mean, did you study at it. English medium school or in your local. Did you study in your local language?

Speaker B: English medium school? Actually studied.

Speaker A: Yeah. Now I was wondering that you speak English very well and that's not. Yes, people in India can do that, but you're very good at it.

Speaker B: So.

Speaker A: Yeah, I was wondering what it takes to do that.

Speaker B: So the main thing was like for the first to 10, I studied in like local language with one English as one single subject.

Speaker A: Oh, yeah. And then just the 11th and 12th. You studied in English.

Speaker B: Yeah. And most of the like, text were in English, like in the college as well.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: And also in. While in college, I started watching a lot of movies, Hollywood movies. So mostly that also helped me to increase, like improve my language.

Speaker A: Right. Yeah. Well, you know what? Before going to Canada, I couldn't even like, I had real struggle speaking in English. And then I had to prepare for Canada. I mean, I was even afraid when I was traveling there. I was. That was the first time I was flying outside of India and I was really afraid. But it all worked out okay. And with time it also improved for me. I studied in local language, I Bengali.

Speaker B: It doesn't feel like you. Like your accent is also different. Well, like a foreign accent.

Speaker A: No, it's not foreign accent. Yeah, it has changed. I think it has changed over time. But yes, staying in Canada for seven years, that does change things. Right. And honestly, I have been trying, actively trying, and in fact I'm taking lessons on accent for almost a year now. Yeah. Because you know what, when you speak with you, I want to do business. Right. So if you speak with Canadians and there's. There are some heavy accent, accent is fine. But then it's not clear to them. They sometimes need to ask me, hey, what do you say? Two times, three times, that's not okay. So I need to at least get Rid of any heavy accent so they can understand me clear. Even now. It happens even now. You know,

Speaker B: but like if we compare to other countries, like Indians speak most like mostly Indians speak English better compared to other.

Speaker A: That's true. Have you spoken with anyone from the Philippines before?

Speaker B: No, not.

Speaker A: No. Right. They speak really good English. I mean. I mean Indians are good. But also if you listen to their English, they had. They do have accent. But those who are a little bit polished, that's more American accent accent and it's wonderful. And you don't believe I have seen even 5 year olds speaking English. I don't know how that happens.

Speaker B: Here in the metro cities nowadays. Like everyone speaks like even small people, like small children also speak.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Because they are in the environment. Such environment where like everywhere they have English. Like this school with the English medic.

Speaker A: Right, right.

Speaker B: When that is there, you can pick up very fast from the starting.

Speaker A: Right. You know, we were to give you an idea about what we are trying to do or what I'm thinking of in terms of the agency's future and growth is. You see, right now we are trying to take a structured approach. All these presentations that I have made for the client and also the way I am asking you to make plan, a concrete plan that and a very str. In a very structured way that. Okay. So we are taking a look at the quarter, not month or anything like that. We are thinking about in terms of quarter and annual planning. And you are breaking it down and then having everything written very clear that can be communicated with their team. We are doing all these things. And by the way, I'm also doing this with Valerie for advertising, where he has to work on advertising plans. And the reason I'm doing it is because this is how, if we want to work with a bit bigger companies. I was going to say corporations, they are also very disciplined and structured there you cannot just attend a meeting and then speak your mind. You have to have a presentation. You have to have it. Exactly, exactly. That's what they need. And this is what I'm trying to do for myself too. I'm also trying to get more structured. I was. Anyone would say that I was very casual. Right. As an structure, I didn't have anything in writing. So I'm trying to improve on that. And at the same time I'm also asking you and Bolvari to implement the same so that we are ready to work with bigger clients. That's what we are doing right now. And I understand it takes a bit more time, but you know, What Once you have the plan, I think it gives you clarity. It becomes more effective. And also once you have the plan, you are not repeating the work. It's not like you're just trying to. I mean, it's not like it's random. You know what you are doing. You know it's going to work. The client also can see that it's not random work is what I mean.

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker A: yeah.

Speaker B: So that's what it shows the professionalism as well. Like whenever we present the data to the client.

Speaker A: Exactly. Yeah, it does. For now, if we talk about professional, that kind of client, I. I would say it's a no sugar and slim Creek, these two. And along with that, three farmers that we have recently started working. These are the big leagues. Iosh and no sugar company is huge. Chief farmers. Not that big, but they're also very disciplined and will need this skill set in the future if you want to work with clients like this. Yeah, so. And that's why you will see we're not doing it for the other clients, but just for these two. Yeah, Give me one second. Okay. That was my mom asking about bottle. Anyway, so we are talking about this. What is happening, what we are thinking, what we are working on right now. Yeah. Anyway, so that is. That is all I wanted to say. I just wanted to give you some clarity on what's going on so that you are like you. You know what's happening. You will probably be able to contribute it better if you understand what's happening. Right?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. All right. So I think that's all for this one. And I look forward to the plan for the other products. You said that you expect to finish that by when?

Speaker B: Tomorrow. I'll. Because I have most of the things kept aside like that.

Speaker A: Oh, by the way, when is like holy here? We have holy here. Tomorrow. How about your. At your place?

Speaker B: Yeah, tomorrow.

Speaker A: Tomorrow. So is it not a holiday?

Speaker B: Yeah, it's already. But I'll be. Yeah, so when I'll go out that time? I never. It doesn't work anyways. Don't work like.

Speaker A: No, no, you can take a holiday. Holiday tomorrow.

Speaker B: Okay, fine.

Speaker A: It's like, yeah, you can take a holiday because you need to take holidays. And I'm not trying to make you overworked.

Speaker B: No, like, anyways, after two days we have the weekly of it. So Saturday, Sunday is there right on the.

Speaker A: Okay, well. Well, totally up to you. But I mean, even if you work some time off, go out, enjoy some time with friends and family, whoever you play holy with.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: All right. So thank you so much for your. Bye for now.

Speaker B: Yeah.

