Transcript for: Recording__504.mp4
Title: Recording #504
============================================================

That these four metrics, visibility efficiency, organic performance, PPC performance. And then kind of gave their feedback there, said they said that. Was the, That our organic sales is healthy. Basically that was the conclusion here that she had and then took a look at like ASIN level data. She said that quite a few of them are having a low buy box. Nothing surprising there. She talked about campaign structure. So we kind of talked about like what she did in terms of measuring this in terms of cost per click. If there was anything too high, she adjusted it down, looked at some of those keywords and then one of the things that she mentioned she was doing is looking at like halo database of like keywords and whatnot and try to bring that in in terms of like overlap of what we have. Again this was only like the first 15 days I guess for them. But this is basically what she said. One campaign, one ad group, one ad group, one match type and then less than 20% targets per campaign. She wants to create a portfolio of a parent ASIN and place campaigns with similar advertising ASINs for easy campaign tracking. So like simplifying it basically. Yeah. Okay. Future plan of action ideal to set catch all automatic campaigns for best performing asin enabling close and substitute to match types. Recommending moving harvesting targets from discovery campaigns to new campaigns. Testing on low tail keywords to balance high CPC category targeting across different ad types. So she said this is like an area where we need to spend more time on like stronger brand defense campaigns. Okay. Because some of our best performing products there's other competitors advertising which is taking it away. Single keywords usually has high search volume running gold planning campaigns with these keywords. Single word keywords will be added in board match with bid less than 10 cents for exposure of whole portfolio settings. Sponsored brand product collection and store spotlight ads utilizing converting targets and a B testing the creatives Testing sponsored display video ads. She said if we have them, if not their team can help us create it. Sending single keyword campaigns for improving the organic ranked keywords. Sponsored display focus cross selling brand defense campaigns and sponsored products and focus on pretzels in both US and Canada. Okay, so that was basically it. It's not a whole lot of insight but again this was like in her first 15, I guess days on the account and then she gave like a recap of like the overall spend and because we don't we want to focus on growth and profitability kind of combined, she said tacos should be between 13 to 15%, not more than that. Okay. That was it. Right. So I don't Know if anything jumps out at you. But that was basically what they did and they did the pretty much the same presentation for both accounts like US and Canada. Okay, Well thanks for sharing this with me. That's basically it. I mean. She didn't have any major concerns, but yeah, that's basically it. So any questions? Anything that kind of jumps out at you that concerns you? Well, so most of the things that I see it's standard practice. The campaign structure that she is recommending and we have that the single keyword campaigns for organic ranking to the campaign structure that she's suggesting, single match types in each ad group of course advertise one product in each in each campaign. All those things for easy trackability. All those things are already there. That's why our campaign structure is so granular. Now we didn't have that auto targeting campaign that she suggested, the catch all campaign that she launched. I saw that I how you feel about it for the catch all campaign? That's not a strategy that I implement but I have seen many people doing that. It's auto targeting campaign basically with low bid where you will add all or most of your products in the same ad group and you just let it advertise. The purpose is to get profitable sales out of that campaign. But it's. I don't do that because I believe that if we have done our research properly and launched well segmented campaigns then we are covering everything. We are not missing out on any opportunities there. So that's how I think then she has talked about gold planning but it's gold panning campaign. That's how it's known. So what that does is again they take even single keywords that are not directly relevant but kind of relevant and then they set up super low B there so that let's say you have some sales events like Prime Day or any such events where you expect that people will run out of budget on ads and then you have these low cost campaigns, they will trigger up and it'll get hugely profitable sales. That's the concept behind Gold Mining Campus. So. Well, you know most of the things that even the things that she says about the brand defense campaigns we put pulled back on some of the things. So we did for now we don't do sponsored brand brand defense campaigns for example because when we're trying to reduce our expenses we thought well first of all when someone searches for our brand they are highly likely to click on our products. Even if some other products show up on that. Yeah. So because our goal was to reduce export Expenses. We pull back on those sponsored brand placement. We can even do if we want to cover up the interspace, we can do sponsored brand video, all those things. Probably that's what they're talking about. And we can bid high on a sponsored product keyword targeting campaign so that we cover all those sponsor first row, those paid positions. But we pull back on some of those so that with the thought that will. We don't want to do that. We don't want to spend that much. We don't need those placements. We just want to save our money because we are organically showing up. But also we need to keep an eye that since we are doing this, we are pulling back. Are you really losing out on those organic rankings with time or are we staying there? If you're staying there, we can stay that way. We don't need to spend on those positions. So that was the logic. Yeah, well I was more interested in the things that you mentioned they're going to do about SEO. So I was interested in seeing that honestly. I have everything set up with Helium 10 so I can see if any changes are made with the main image title bullet points. For now I saw some changes are done with the turtles in Canada. That's what I have seen. I have seen. I haven't seen anything else. So I was more interested in that if I missed out on anything else in Ozilka. Most of these procedures with established people, they know all those things that needs to be done. There's not much diff, not many things different. The only difference is how much time they're giving you and how much system oriented they are. You know, that's what matters here. Yeah, well there are some differences in top agencies. They have their own personalized tools development. This is not a agency of that kind of. They have, they're using Amazon's all those advanced API tools and the new launches, they are totally up to date with everything. There are agencies like that, but Seller Interactive is not an agency of that kind. Anyway, apart from that if you work with any other people or agency, it's more or less the same. The only thing that you need to make sure is is the person or agency giving you enough time. They implementing everything properly. That's what matters. Yeah, so I think for me I wanted to test them out and I gave them the like lowest, I guess lowest playground to play in. I was like, okay, if you guys do a good job on ads and you show them you could do a good job on ads, then we could talk about like all the Other stuff, like they wanted to do, like content and images and all this other stuff. And I was like, I'm not going to pay for all of that if I can't even see that what your base expertise is, is not like showing me improvement. So that was basically like the scope of what it is that I gave them, but I didn't give them more than that. Yeah, yeah. Well, see how it is going. We can, of course, catch up on calls and then see how it is going on. And I'm here, but I hope that you'll keep me in mind and if there are some things that I can help you with, I'm happy to jump into that. Yeah, for sure. I think that the best thing you could do, honestly, is just keep focusing on the piece that you do have. Do your best to kind of grow that. Whatever a B testing that you need to do to kind of keep improving and optimizing things. So that way, like, you know, we can build an argument that, like, you've grown it by whatever 50% or month over month or whatever that number is. But, like, we could actually show that, you know, you're doing a better job than them. I think that my concern, and I think is, is probably a legitimate one because we have so many SKUs, it's really hard for one person to focus on all of them and to catch them, especially because you have other clients too. So, like, I think that a lot of the times when I would be like, hey, did we do this? Did we do that? And like, we didn't have the time to do that. Like, so even to this day, I don't even know if we're doing any a B testing. So. And that's something that you get set up quite easily. But we've just never spent the time to do that to kind of say, hey, we actually know for a fact that this word is better than this word. So we're just still kind of going on. Gut. I understand. Yeah. So from my perspective, I obviously, I need to grow the business. I need to grow it profitably. And even though it's actually increased complexity on my end, because now I have to meet with you. I have to meet with them. I have to. Not easy. So just give me a reason. Right? Like, okay, sure, that's. That's essentially the best thing you could do. And then, you know, I could bring it up and be like, hey, like, look at these results, look at these results. Like, it's still not working. So, you know, there's no reason for us to be Dividing the accounts because it's actually a lot more complex. So, you know, I definitely want to be transparent and open with you and I want to bring you in and make you, like, part of all these conversations. You have way more access and knowledge than they do because you've basically grown this account. So I definitely want to give it to you. I just have to, you know, do the diligence and do what's best for the business. Yeah, yeah, I understand that at this point. I feel that. And it's been a thought for a while. I meet somebody, it's not B either, because she's also quite important. I feel that I need somebody probably overseas to do some of these reporting stuff and doing this and that, who's familiar with Amazon. I can actually focus on the strategy and the system. Otherwise I'm totally all over the place. So is just. Yeah, probably. I, I think that's the next step. And I always keep on delaying that, saying, if I grow a little bit more, if I might, if my income goes a little bit more, I'll hire someone. And then let's say my income goes up a month and the next month, oh, no, it's going down again. I can't do it now. So this is hard to grow that way. Like, it's, it like again, like it's just like a legitimate business on our end. Like, do we want to focus on growth or do we want to focus on profitability? If it's profitability, you have to minimize your costs. You have to like tighten all the bolts. But then you're not going to grow as fast as you want and you might actually take few steps back in terms of your sales. Right. So it's a balance. Like, if you do want to grow, you have to invest in that growth and, and, and pro. Like, it might not be like you're making money every month. And that's a really hard thing because I would say that as a business, I've only. This is only my third year here. But in the first year we were growing. The category was hot. Things were selling even without ads. Second year here, that I was here, we've overspent in every single aspect. Nothing was profitable because we were very comfortable in terms of like, oh, look what our sales were last year. Yay. Then all of a sudden we looked at our financials and we were like, what is going on? Because we've overspent over hired. And then we've had to like, pull back on like 60% of it to be like, whoa, whoa. Like we need to, like, relook at every little dollar, otherwise we can't survive. So it's one of those situations of, like, as a business owner, it's like a constant struggle for you and for me. Like, it's, it's. We're in the same boat. Um, which is why, like, on all things digital, like, I've cut our social media, I've cut our website, I've cut our Google Ads, I've cut our social ads, which was a huge thing because, like, everybody advertises on social, but we've just. It didn't make sense. Right. So, like, if you take a look at, like, our cogs and our profit and our P and L, we're like, we're losing money every month. What's the point of doing it? Yeah, no, no, I get that. I also, I also understand the message that you're giving me here, so I'll think about that. Yeah, yeah. So I would say, like, if you think about if this was your account and you were running and you were in my shoes every month, you would want to write the priorities, like, what do you have to do? What are, like, the top three things you have to do, which is like, inventory management, make sure that we have product to sell, then after that, like, you know, relooking at the ads, what's working, what's not. And then three is like, doing something new. What are you going to do to test that's new and to say, like, okay, this month I want to explore this. Whether it's for a bestseller, whether it's for, like, what's the biggest opportunity for us to grow. Yeah. And then start testing that. And, and otherwise it's going to be really difficult for you to grow or for the account to grow if we're always doing the same thing. And it's easy, honestly, to get lost, like, and, and to lose that focus. But at the, like, beginning of the month, you should have a list of, like, these are the things that must be done. These are the things that I want to do and I want to test and like, go about accomplishing that. Otherwise, like, you open your email, you open, and you're constantly just responding to fires, and it's so easy for the day to go by, you know? Yeah, that's. That's how it is. I feel that. Oh, yeah, yeah. I'm in the same boat. I'm very guilty of that. And like, for us, like, there's just so much going on with, like, the, the three companies that it's just insane. And our team is like half the size that it was last year. So it's, it's a tough position to be in. But, like, I think that we'll get there. We'll get there. But that's why it's important that we kind of show growth and we show growth in the profitable way. And if there are areas that we need to invest in, whether it's like product shots or videos or whatever it is, like, we could look to do that, but we definitely need to do it strategically. Yeah, yeah. And unfortunately, my time is so limited that, like, because I'm stretched in so many different directions, Amazon's just not been a focus. So, like, I can't think strategically about it either. We kind of filled in the gaps of, like, do we have images? Yes. Do we have A plus? Yes. Do we have titles? Yes. Okay. And so, like, we haven't actually, like, I'm not spending the time to learn anything new. I'm not. And that's a problem because if I don't, then how is. How am I going to think differently? Yeah, exactly. Right. Yeah. So, yeah, we could turn that around. Yeah, No, I look into the. I'll of course think about that. I will not think about that. I'll do it. Excellent. Good, good. I mean, you need to be the expert. You need to guide me because I definitely don't have the time to become an expert on Amazon. But you know, I'm a big believer in you and your capabilities and I want to support you. So I told you that from great day one. But we just, we do have to be strategic. We can't be reactive. We won't grow that way. Yeah, yeah, of course. Well, last two things that I'll ask is about B's role. How is she doing? Is everything all right or is there areas of improvement? There's definitely. I. I don't know what it is, but lately I've. I've noticed, like, a lack of attention to detail. I. Which was unusual. So maybe it was just a couple of odd instances of like, not giving the. I can't remember now, but it was, it was certainly something that, like, she mixed up. And then Sabrina wasn't like catching it and then it just sent a whole chain of events. But I forget what it was. It was like an inventory report or something. But I mean, overall she's. She's good. I mean, she's a great addition to the team for sure. Okay. If you know Zilka something, if you see something, I mean, you can let me know. Maybe I don't know what it is, but of course I can also look into it. I can make sure that it. It is done properly. And I did when it was like, about that report, when I was like, literally panicking, I'm like, what is this? Yeah, forgive me, that, yeah, that was a bit awkward. But, yeah. But anytime you notice something that is, that needs a bit of attention or it's not only about that case, it's also about things going forward. So please let me know. I will see what we can do. I want to make sure that happens, it gets done properly. And the last thing is about Piero. So here he and I spoke last week. I just wanted to catch up. I gave him a call. So I wanted to know what his focus is going to be for now. I understand in the future he is also going to look at all channels and then strategize. Right. So what is it going to be for now? I mean, honestly, he's been brought on as a marketing coordinator. So his key priority right now is to execute on Disney. And that's going to be like 90% of his focus between now and June, middle of June. Once that's done, I did tell him I want him to, like, start doing strategy and own social media. So that would be his second focus. But in doing that, it's also something that we have to do as a team after Disney is over in terms of, like, relook at like, no Sugar brand positioning. So, like, what is our brand about? Are we attracting the right audiences? What is our key messaging? So we have to relook all of that. So I would say in the second half of the year, he's going to help us coordinate that. So we'll work with an agency or somebody to kind of work on a rebrand for no Sugar. And his focus will be social media. So I think from your perspective, he could be useful once he actually starts digging into, like, keywords and brand messaging and even organizing like, photography or videos or whatnot. Like, so he'll play a more central role in that. But that won't happen until the second half of the year. Okay. All right. I. That's all from my end. Unless you have something that you want to conclude with, okay, that's it. I'm gonna. Same girl that made our videos for the Keto bombshake and those cookies and Brad's book and all of that stuff. She, Piero is actually talking to her probably right now. She's going to be doing photography for the Joy Burst. So I'll add in a couple of boxes of Slim, Quick Berry and tangerine, so she can give us some high quality content from that, too. Okay, Sounds good. Awesome. So now that I talked to you, see, I reminded myself and I'm like, we'll take that. Yeah. Well, it was a great meeting today. Thank you so much for your time. Thank you as well. Yeah. I hope you have a wonderful day. You too. Yeah. Bye now. Bye.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: That these four metrics, visibility efficiency, organic performance, PPC performance. And then kind of gave their feedback there, said they said that. Was the, That our organic sales is healthy. Basically that was the conclusion here that she had and then took a look at like ASIN level data. She said that quite a few of them are having a low buy box. Nothing surprising there. She talked about campaign structure. So we kind of talked about like what she did in terms of measuring this in terms of cost per click. If there was anything too high, she adjusted it down, looked at some of those keywords and then one of the things that she mentioned she was doing is looking at like halo database of like keywords and whatnot and try to bring that in in terms of like overlap of what we have. Again this was only like the first 15 days I guess for them. But this is basically what she said. One campaign, one ad group, one ad group, one match type and then less than 20% targets per campaign. She wants to create a portfolio of a parent ASIN and place campaigns with similar advertising ASINs for easy campaign tracking. So like simplifying it basically.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Future plan of action ideal to set catch all automatic campaigns for best performing asin enabling close and substitute to match types. Recommending moving harvesting targets from discovery campaigns to new campaigns. Testing on low tail keywords to balance high CPC category targeting across different ad types. So she said this is like an area where we need to spend more time on like stronger brand defense campaigns.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Because some of our best performing products there's other competitors advertising which is taking it away. Single keywords usually has high search volume running gold planning campaigns with these keywords. Single word keywords will be added in board match with bid less than 10 cents for exposure of whole portfolio settings. Sponsored brand product collection and store spotlight ads utilizing converting targets and a B testing the creatives Testing sponsored display video ads. She said if we have them, if not their team can help us create it. Sending single keyword campaigns for improving the organic ranked keywords. Sponsored display focus cross selling brand defense campaigns and sponsored products and focus on pretzels in both US and Canada. Okay, so that was basically it. It's not a whole lot of insight but again this was like in her first 15, I guess days on the account and then she gave like a recap of like the overall spend and because we don't we want to focus on growth and profitability kind of combined, she said tacos should be between 13 to 15%, not more than that.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: That was it.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: So I don't Know if anything jumps out at you. But that was basically what they did and they did the pretty much the same presentation for both accounts like US and Canada.

Speaker B: Okay, Well thanks for sharing this with me.

Speaker A: That's basically it. I mean. She didn't have any major concerns, but yeah, that's basically it. So any questions? Anything that kind of jumps out at you that concerns you?

Speaker B: Well, so most of the things that I see it's standard practice. The campaign structure that she is recommending and we have that the single keyword campaigns for organic ranking to the campaign structure that she's suggesting, single match types in each ad group of course advertise one product in each in each campaign. All those things for easy trackability. All those things are already there. That's why our campaign structure is so granular. Now we didn't have that auto targeting campaign that she suggested, the catch all campaign that she launched. I saw that I how you feel about it for the catch all campaign? That's not a strategy that I implement but I have seen many people doing that. It's auto targeting campaign basically with low bid where you will add all or most of your products in the same ad group and you just let it advertise. The purpose is to get profitable sales out of that campaign. But it's. I don't do that because I believe that if we have done our research properly and launched well segmented campaigns then we are covering everything. We are not missing out on any opportunities there. So that's how I think then she has talked about gold planning but it's gold panning campaign. That's how it's known. So what that does is again they take even single keywords that are not directly relevant but kind of relevant and then they set up super low B there so that let's say you have some sales events like Prime Day or any such events where you expect that people will run out of budget on ads and then you have these low cost campaigns, they will trigger up and it'll get hugely profitable sales. That's the concept behind Gold Mining Campus. So. Well, you know most of the things that even the things that she says about the brand defense campaigns we put pulled back on some of the things. So we did for now we don't do sponsored brand brand defense campaigns for example because when we're trying to reduce our expenses we thought well first of all when someone searches for our brand they are highly likely to click on our products. Even if some other products show up on that.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So because our goal was to reduce export Expenses. We pull back on those sponsored brand placement. We can even do if we want to cover up the interspace, we can do sponsored brand video, all those things. Probably that's what they're talking about. And we can bid high on a sponsored product keyword targeting campaign so that we cover all those sponsor first row, those paid positions. But we pull back on some of those so that with the thought that will. We don't want to do that. We don't want to spend that much. We don't need those placements. We just want to save our money because we are organically showing up. But also we need to keep an eye that since we are doing this, we are pulling back. Are you really losing out on those organic rankings with time or are we staying there? If you're staying there, we can stay that way. We don't need to spend on those positions. So that was the logic. Yeah, well I was more interested in the things that you mentioned they're going to do about SEO. So I was interested in seeing that honestly. I have everything set up with Helium 10 so I can see if any changes are made with the main image title bullet points. For now I saw some changes are done with the turtles in Canada. That's what I have seen. I have seen. I haven't seen anything else. So I was more interested in that if I missed out on anything else in Ozilka. Most of these procedures with established people, they know all those things that needs to be done. There's not much diff, not many things different. The only difference is how much time they're giving you and how much system oriented they are. You know, that's what matters here. Yeah, well there are some differences in top agencies. They have their own personalized tools development. This is not a agency of that kind of. They have, they're using Amazon's all those advanced API tools and the new launches, they are totally up to date with everything. There are agencies like that, but Seller Interactive is not an agency of that kind. Anyway, apart from that if you work with any other people or agency, it's more or less the same. The only thing that you need to make sure is is the person or agency giving you enough time. They implementing everything properly. That's what matters.

Speaker A: Yeah, so I think for me I wanted to test them out and I gave them the like lowest, I guess lowest playground to play in. I was like, okay, if you guys do a good job on ads and you show them you could do a good job on ads, then we could talk about like all the Other stuff, like they wanted to do, like content and images and all this other stuff. And I was like, I'm not going to pay for all of that if I can't even see that what your base expertise is, is not like showing me improvement. So that was basically like the scope of what it is that I gave them, but I didn't give them more than that.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Well, see how it is going. We can, of course, catch up on calls and then see how it is going on. And I'm here, but I hope that you'll keep me in mind and if there are some things that I can help you with, I'm happy to jump into that.

Speaker A: Yeah, for sure. I think that the best thing you could do, honestly, is just keep focusing on the piece that you do have. Do your best to kind of grow that. Whatever a B testing that you need to do to kind of keep improving and optimizing things. So that way, like, you know, we can build an argument that, like, you've grown it by whatever 50% or month over month or whatever that number is. But, like, we could actually show that, you know, you're doing a better job than them. I think that my concern, and I think is, is probably a legitimate one because we have so many SKUs, it's really hard for one person to focus on all of them and to catch them, especially because you have other clients too. So, like, I think that a lot of the times when I would be like, hey, did we do this? Did we do that? And like, we didn't have the time to do that. Like, so even to this day, I don't even know if we're doing any a B testing. So. And that's something that you get set up quite easily. But we've just never spent the time to do that to kind of say, hey, we actually know for a fact that this word is better than this word. So we're just still kind of going on. Gut.

Speaker B: I understand. Yeah.

Speaker A: So from my perspective, I obviously, I need to grow the business. I need to grow it profitably. And even though it's actually increased complexity on my end, because now I have to meet with you. I have to meet with them. I have to. Not easy. So just give me a reason. Right?

Speaker B: Like, okay, sure, that's.

Speaker A: That's essentially the best thing you could do. And then, you know, I could bring it up and be like, hey, like, look at these results, look at these results. Like, it's still not working. So, you know, there's no reason for us to be Dividing the accounts because it's actually a lot more complex. So, you know, I definitely want to be transparent and open with you and I want to bring you in and make you, like, part of all these conversations. You have way more access and knowledge than they do because you've basically grown this account. So I definitely want to give it to you. I just have to, you know, do the diligence and do what's best for the business.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, I understand that at this point. I feel that. And it's been a thought for a while. I meet somebody, it's not B either, because she's also quite important. I feel that I need somebody probably overseas to do some of these reporting stuff and doing this and that, who's familiar with Amazon. I can actually focus on the strategy and the system. Otherwise I'm totally all over the place. So is just. Yeah, probably. I, I think that's the next step. And I always keep on delaying that, saying, if I grow a little bit more, if I might, if my income goes a little bit more, I'll hire someone. And then let's say my income goes up a month and the next month, oh, no, it's going down again. I can't do it now.

Speaker A: So this is hard to grow that way. Like, it's, it like again, like it's just like a legitimate business on our end. Like, do we want to focus on growth or do we want to focus on profitability? If it's profitability, you have to minimize your costs. You have to like tighten all the bolts. But then you're not going to grow as fast as you want and you might actually take few steps back in terms of your sales. Right. So it's a balance. Like, if you do want to grow, you have to invest in that growth and, and, and pro. Like, it might not be like you're making money every month. And that's a really hard thing because I would say that as a business, I've only. This is only my third year here. But in the first year we were growing. The category was hot. Things were selling even without ads. Second year here, that I was here, we've overspent in every single aspect. Nothing was profitable because we were very comfortable in terms of like, oh, look what our sales were last year. Yay. Then all of a sudden we looked at our financials and we were like, what is going on? Because we've overspent over hired. And then we've had to like, pull back on like 60% of it to be like, whoa, whoa. Like we need to, like, relook at every little dollar, otherwise we can't survive. So it's one of those situations of, like, as a business owner, it's like a constant struggle for you and for me. Like, it's, it's. We're in the same boat. Um, which is why, like, on all things digital, like, I've cut our social media, I've cut our website, I've cut our Google Ads, I've cut our social ads, which was a huge thing because, like, everybody advertises on social, but we've just. It didn't make sense. Right. So, like, if you take a look at, like, our cogs and our profit and our P and L, we're like, we're losing money every month. What's the point of doing it?

Speaker B: Yeah, no, no, I get that. I also, I also understand the message that you're giving me here, so I'll think about that.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So I would say, like, if you think about if this was your account and you were running and you were in my shoes every month, you would want to write the priorities, like, what do you have to do? What are, like, the top three things you have to do, which is like, inventory management, make sure that we have product to sell, then after that, like, you know, relooking at the ads, what's working, what's not. And then three is like, doing something new. What are you going to do to test that's new and to say, like, okay, this month I want to explore this. Whether it's for a bestseller, whether it's for, like, what's the biggest opportunity for us to grow.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And then start testing that. And, and otherwise it's going to be really difficult for you to grow or for the account to grow if we're always doing the same thing. And it's easy, honestly, to get lost, like, and, and to lose that focus. But at the, like, beginning of the month, you should have a list of, like, these are the things that must be done. These are the things that I want to do and I want to test and like, go about accomplishing that. Otherwise, like, you open your email, you open, and you're constantly just responding to fires, and it's so easy for the day to go by, you know?

Speaker B: Yeah, that's. That's how it is. I feel that. Oh, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: I'm in the same boat. I'm very guilty of that. And like, for us, like, there's just so much going on with, like, the, the three companies that it's just insane. And our team is like half the size that it was last year. So it's, it's a tough position to be in. But, like, I think that we'll get there. We'll get there. But that's why it's important that we kind of show growth and we show growth in the profitable way. And if there are areas that we need to invest in, whether it's like product shots or videos or whatever it is, like, we could look to do that, but we definitely need to do it strategically.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: And unfortunately, my time is so limited that, like, because I'm stretched in so many different directions, Amazon's just not been a focus. So, like, I can't think strategically about it either. We kind of filled in the gaps of, like, do we have images? Yes. Do we have A plus? Yes. Do we have titles? Yes. Okay. And so, like, we haven't actually, like, I'm not spending the time to learn anything new. I'm not. And that's a problem because if I don't, then how is. How am I going to think differently?

Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. Right. Yeah.

Speaker A: So, yeah, we could turn that around.

Speaker B: Yeah, No, I look into the. I'll of course think about that. I will not think about that. I'll do it.

Speaker A: Excellent. Good, good. I mean, you need to be the expert. You need to guide me because I definitely don't have the time to become an expert on Amazon. But you know, I'm a big believer in you and your capabilities and I want to support you. So I told you that from great day one. But we just, we do have to be strategic. We can't be reactive. We won't grow that way.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, of course. Well, last two things that I'll ask is about B's role. How is she doing? Is everything all right or is there areas of improvement?

Speaker A: There's definitely. I. I don't know what it is, but lately I've. I've noticed, like, a lack of attention to detail. I. Which was unusual. So maybe it was just a couple of odd instances of like, not giving the. I can't remember now, but it was, it was certainly something that, like, she mixed up. And then Sabrina wasn't like catching it and then it just sent a whole chain of events. But I forget what it was. It was like an inventory report or something. But I mean, overall she's. She's good. I mean, she's a great addition to the team for sure.

Speaker B: Okay. If you know Zilka something, if you see something, I mean, you can let me know. Maybe I don't know what it is, but of course I can also look into it. I can make sure that it. It is done properly.

Speaker A: And I did when it was like, about that report, when I was like, literally panicking, I'm like, what is this?

Speaker B: Yeah, forgive me, that, yeah, that was a bit awkward. But, yeah. But anytime you notice something that is, that needs a bit of attention or it's not only about that case, it's also about things going forward. So please let me know. I will see what we can do. I want to make sure that happens, it gets done properly. And the last thing is about Piero. So here he and I spoke last week. I just wanted to catch up. I gave him a call. So I wanted to know what his focus is going to be for now. I understand in the future he is also going to look at all channels and then strategize. Right. So what is it going to be for now?

Speaker A: I mean, honestly, he's been brought on as a marketing coordinator. So his key priority right now is to execute on Disney. And that's going to be like 90% of his focus between now and June, middle of June. Once that's done, I did tell him I want him to, like, start doing strategy and own social media. So that would be his second focus. But in doing that, it's also something that we have to do as a team after Disney is over in terms of, like, relook at like, no Sugar brand positioning. So, like, what is our brand about? Are we attracting the right audiences? What is our key messaging? So we have to relook all of that. So I would say in the second half of the year, he's going to help us coordinate that. So we'll work with an agency or somebody to kind of work on a rebrand for no Sugar. And his focus will be social media. So I think from your perspective, he could be useful once he actually starts digging into, like, keywords and brand messaging and even organizing like, photography or videos or whatnot. Like, so he'll play a more central role in that. But that won't happen until the second half of the year.

Speaker B: Okay. All right. I. That's all from my end. Unless you have something that you want to conclude with, okay, that's it.

Speaker A: I'm gonna. Same girl that made our videos for the Keto bombshake and those cookies and Brad's book and all of that stuff. She, Piero is actually talking to her probably right now. She's going to be doing photography for the Joy Burst. So I'll add in a couple of boxes of Slim, Quick Berry and tangerine, so she can give us some high quality content from that, too.

Speaker B: Okay, Sounds good. Awesome.

Speaker A: So now that I talked to you, see, I reminded myself and I'm like, we'll take that.

Speaker B: Yeah. Well, it was a great meeting today. Thank you so much for your time.

Speaker A: Thank you as well.

Speaker B: Yeah. I hope you have a wonderful day.

Speaker A: You too.

Speaker B: Yeah. Bye now.

Speaker A: Bye.

