Transcript for: Recording__1022.mp4
Title: Recording #1022
============================================================

This in. Yes, that's what I was trying to do. And. And battery's weird. Something's wrong there. Yeah, sorry, Annaba, can you just mute or tell Neil and Michelle to go talk in their office? Thanks. Go ahead, show up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, yes, I will set up the new listing. I just need the GS1 certificate for the prefix that we're using. The GS1 certificate. Yeah. Okay. I have to get my sales specialist to set that up. So she's just waiting on a few details for me and then I think that's pretty quick. So hopefully I'll have that next week. Right. Yeah, you can just. One can just log in and then download the service. Okay. So Annabelle, if you can make sure this information is just shared to show home, then he'll wrap it up with everything else that Brittany and I are getting him for new item and he has what he needs. Yeah. And just one suggestion. I need Alicia. So, like, if you see in the new code that was created in Fishbowl, it has a description Dash can. I think it should be Dash can slash us because we'll be using the same code in both stores of Canada and U.S. right. So I think we shouldn't be. We should be using a more generic one. Unless there is a specific keyword which will be a new description altogether, which Shoham might want to use, which I'm not aware of. Well, I'm not going to use can in the title anyway on Amazon. That could be for our internal purposes. Okay. And also the sku, I think it's a better idea if you use a different SKU in the US that will keep probably for your. It's better for your finance purposes. And also on Amazon, let's say at any point if we switch to a bm, just may happen. Thinking about the possibilities, in that case, it's better to have two different SKUs. Okay. Is that how we do it right now? No, we are just using one. We are just using one code and across both stores. Okay. Yeah. Because that's an interesting comment. Show home that you say it actually is better typically for the finance team to separate the codes. Because right now it's same code, same everything going into the US So why do you say that's better? Like can it create? Because we are have. This is a part of our discussion later today. I'm wondering if that has something to do with some of the confusion that we're seeing in mapping Annabove. So when it comes to mapping, like we have moved to a new platform in Fishbowl like within Fishbowl. Also, we are using a new plugin. As of now, I'm not seeing any issues with it. Like, that is what we have done is we are linking to unique order IDs. So we have different set of identifiers of how the orders get into can from Canada and from us. Like, they have a different sequence altogether. So right now it's not giving us a glitch, but I mean, it would be neat. Yes. I agree to some extent that there wouldn't be any room for confusion going forward, but again, it's. I think it's more of an internal decision of how you want to move forward and is. So that comment you make, Showham too, that's easier for the finance team. Is that the reason why? Because they're completely separate, there's no. There's less room for confusion. Or is there something else you've seen? Okay. Using the same description though, Shoham, on both stores, more or less the same. Yes, there are some changes because in Canada, for example, we want to highlight that it's produced in Canada. In the us you are not highlighting that that much. So, yeah, there are some minor differences. And even though if we use the same code at our end, let's say in our system, I'm fine if you want to use two separate codes in Amazon, if that makes sense to you. I mean, whatever is convenient for you. Personally, I mean, I didn't want to say that. This is how you should be doing things. Right. Yeah. Whatever is convenient for you, you can do just that. Okay. As long as there's no confusion. And because, yeah, we use the same ASIN and numbers on the front end so that reviews go back and forth. Right. Show Home and the. That's typically how that's set up. That's common. That's best practice usually across the countries, right? Yes. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So there will be two unique asins. Any which ways? No, the ASIN will be the same. The skew. The ASIN will be the same. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, go ahead. Sorry, Alicia. So before pushing this for decision making to Showham, do you want to take a day to discuss internally whether we want to have two codes or one code or. Well, so what I heard was it's up to. For the finance team and yourself, Annabelle, because what Show Home is saying is in. In his experience, it's just. It's just the likeliness of confusion. So if you and. And Natasha decide, you know what, let's just leave it the way that we know and we're doing it's not creating confusion, we're totally fine. But if you see room for improvement. So let me discuss that with Natasha H internally and maybe first thing tomorrow Soham, I'll send the final confirmation to you. Sure. Yeah. And the second thing to consider is if we are going to ever switch to fbm, we don't want to fulfill by merchant. Right? Never. Well, sorry, say that again. You cut out for me. I said do we ever want to switch to fulfilled by merchant. Is that a possibility or do we always want to do a ba My our preference is fba. Right. So I just don't think that as a merchant we could execute like Amazon can. Yeah, definitely. Yes. And the reason I said this is because if we want to switch to FBM then it's also better to have two different SKUs. Otherwise let's say in the US the inventory sync between two marketplaces. So in the, let's say in the US you want to set just 10 units. In Canada you want to say 20 units for MBM. That will not happen. It will sync with one. I see. Yeah. Okay. And regardless if we have different SKUs, they are the same asin always. Yeah. In that case I would suggest just create a different code in Amazon. I'll keep the same code for us and we'll just create two different codes in Amazon. So maybe 1120 and 5121 we use for Canada and maybe we can use a dash one for us. It won't harm like I can just map it with that. And again just I would discuss that with Natasha too and above because it's all about mapping the process of how we do this and the whys and making sure everybody's aware of the why you would do this. Why is it better practice to do it this way? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. And one of the inventory issue that I encountered Shoham was with our dill pickle 40 grams snack stock. So on 11th of March we were seeing 38 units as available in stock with no sales transaction or zero movement in last 90 days and suddenly this stock goes zero. Now like this 38 have gone down to zero and again no sale history. Oh, so that means they have been removed. I think so. So my. That is my best guess that has they been like they approached less than required shelf life and got disposed of. But I still have stocks for Delpicar and I wanted to refill it but since there was zero movement. So I'm unwilling to send the stocks assuming they won't move again. Right. So what's the point of replenishing stock if we entered into a phase where it was just getting discarded. Okay. 20065. Because I actually noticed show home that item's missing in the dashboard. I don't see it. I see that too right now. Okay. Yeah, because I was scrolling. I was trying to look for it on the dashboard, but no, it's not there. Probably because it didn't sell, that's why. Okay. Okay. Anyway, that's. So I'll have to take a look at what's going on or what has been happening with that. And you can, by the way, see what. Why it was removed if you go to Fulfillment Report. Anuha, I'm not logged into Amazon, so. No, no, I'm just. Okay, that's fine. Are you familiar with the fulfillment report? How to go there? Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so you can see why it was removed in Fulfillment report. Where do you see that? Okay, one second. I'll just. So you'll have to go to reports, then Fulfillment. Scroll to the bottom and you'll see under removals, you have to click on removal order detail. And there you go. Can you show your screen? Show home while you're doing that, just so we have a visual of what you're doing there too? Yeah, sure. Helpful. Okay. Can you see my screen now? Yeah. Okay, so reports and fulfillment. If you scroll to the bottom of the page on the left, you'll see removal order details. Here you have to select the. I mean, how many days data do you want to see? If you think that it has happened in the last 30 days, just select last 30 days, click on generate report and you'll see all the. Oh, there you go. It's. This is. This is the one, I believe. So the inventory was unfulfillable for some reason. Unsellable. Yeah, which is why it got removed 11th of March. It was showing as sellable and available stock. Okay. So that is why I never replenished it, because I had stocks and there was no movement and suddenly I see zero stock. And like we were questioning, like, why aren't we sending more stocks. Then I realized, okay, yeah, we had stocks. That is why we are not sending more stocks. But then it goes into discarded level. Mm. And typically the only reasons that would happen would be a best before date issue. I think. So that could be the one. Yeah. Because the list. You know what the best before date was on those items in there and above? I would have to go back. You'd have to trace it. Different transactions and if so. And so how does that typically happen? So if they remove product because it's within, it's not within, it's not sellable due to a short date on it. Do you get a notification that yes and a request about what to do with it. And did you get that Annab like what do we do with this stock or did anybody get that it goes to the primary email by the way it would go to orders. Right. The orders we get intimation report like whatever changes we did like like the one which we shared yesterday. Right. Brittany. So but sku wise I don't get any specific alert. Okay there you are not you. I mean we are supposed to receive one notification application by the way and it they will send you I think almost two weeks ahead of time ahead of removing the inventory from their fulfillment centers. And also by the way you can. There's an in their automated removal settings you can specify what what you want them to do. Do you want them to dispose it up? Do you want them to renew return it to you? So that's also another setup you can take a look at. And yeah I think for that we have set an auto disposal once it is there because we are not bringing stocks back of near expiry any which ways. So that is already in that case would you have not received the notification because you put that setting in there show home but we'd still receive some sort of notification that this happened. Right? You are supposed to receive the notification anyway. Yeah. Okay so Anubhav you need to dig and see something. Correct. Because it might happen that let's say a secondary person is monitoring the orders email and if just if it just got overlooked like archived or overlooked instead of highlighting to us. Right. So that could be a possibility. Yeah. Show Home Is there a good add other emails so it's not just orders that's getting those notifications. Yes, you can go to notification settings and. Yeah, I think so. Okay so that's the next step on there. So Annabelle if you want to dig back and make sure we got. So I guess there's few few things here. So Annabelle is going to dig back and make sure that that email came in somewhere. But meanwhile if we can go into our settings there Annabelle and add your personal email and even Britney too as just backup for visibility on these things. Yeah. And so then secondly is assuming this has been disposed. We're assuming this is a best before date issue. It's been disposed because it sounds like that's the direction we've given Amazon to do. So you will Be sending a new shipment because we're okay. So that is something which I wanted. That is why I'm highlighting this issue whether we want to replenish because there was no movement for this and this 38 units were sitting for like really long time with zero movement. So if I send again what is the guarantee it will sell? Well, we have nowhere else that we sell it. So if we have stock we have to move it. So that comes to our discussion. Show home that $500 budget for other. We have to put strategy against this inventory because the business has inventory and this is the only outlet that it sells through. Okay. Yeah, sure. By the way, there was no movement in the last six months for this product. Yeah. Weird. It's like this is selling flavor. This is like an. Like we had. This was one of the first issues that we were going back and forth with with now I can't remember his name with open sale. Mehul Mahul. Yeah. And then because we never. What was interesting was at first week remember we assumed that we lost the buy box but we hadn't so we could tell that it was something in the back end. So then we needed mahool. Yeah weird. So obviously this is not a recent so maybe do a smaller don't go crazy on your numbers in there and above but fulfill and then we'll see show home. Because what it's sounding like is there was sales trying to sell and it wasn't. So until you're able to actually visibly see what that issue could be you can't really give any input on what the issue is. Maybe I'll try to do 10 to 12 because 38 were just discarded with zero movement. So let me do a really small. Yeah, that is weird. Like dill pickle favas are literally our national bestseller. Like that's the best flavor. So that's really weird. Yeah. I don't know what could be the reason. Is it how it is advertised or is there a less spend on a specific SKU or is there some settings issue internally. So yeah, it's an open debate. So that is I wanted to make sure that it comes under the scanner. Okay. And I'll I have a quick list of items Soham for inventory cleanup. So what is happening is I'll be really quick so that I don't eat up all the time. So for Amazon Canada I made a list of items and they are currently. Can you share your screen? Annaba Is that the inventory report that you're sharing? I know, sorry. I. I thought my stream was Shared, My bad. Okay, so I've created a file called Data Cleanup under Amazon Canada and US where we don't use these codes at all. But for us to delete these items, if anything is under unfulfillable, I don't get that. Right. To delete it right away. So can you help with that, Soham? Like, these are the ports which we don't. Which is discontinued and we don't want to see. And it unnecessarily confuses us when it comes to, you know, weekly replenishment of stock. Okay, yeah, sure. Well, so yeah, for the ones with unfulfillable inventory, we can create a removal order for them. So I think even after doing it takes its. Amazon takes its own time to get rid of it at times. I don't know what is the reason for that. Well, Amazon will do its thing. You can create your removal order and I think once it's done, you can just remove. I mean, you can just delete it if you need to. So are you saying show home? We just order it ourselves? No, it's unfulfillable. You cannot order it. Oh, so we just have to wait it out, is what you're saying? No, no, no. I mean, just create the removal order and. Yeah, that is what. Do its thing and delete the listing in the meantime, if you need to. I wouldn't be worried about too much. Worried about these one inventory here and there, honestly. Okay, but does it affect any of your reporting or history? No, Alicia. Oh, okay. No, these items we don't need, like turmeric and spice. No, go ahead. Because again, even any history, like, we still have these things internal. Right. If I had to go look back at whatever we were doing on Amazon in the past. So it doesn't. You can, you can clean this up and above if it's creating confusion. Yeah. Okay. And same with Amazon Us, there was a weird one. There was an auto code generated. I don't know how that happened. And the code got generated with the name Amazon.found.asm. yeah, yeah. That's lost and found inventory. So. But there is no. There is no. No nothing. No transaction. Like, there is no stock in that. Well, maybe there is nothing right now, but when it was created, probably. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Okay. So I can just create a deletion. You can do that? Yes. Yeah. Okay. And are you having. Are you there on the screen? Just want to make sure that I don't delete it from a wrong channel. Can you just show me from where should I go and Clean the listing if I'm not doing a removal. Auto removal. Yeah, sure. For disposal. So you want to see how to delete a listing, right? Yeah. Okay, so I'll share my screen. Well, we'll have to go to the manage inventory page. Yeah, manage all inventory and this is where you land. And if you want to for example, delete this listing. Correct. Okay, not so. Okay, I'll just delete this listing from here or I cannot see this option here below because it's. Now I can just hide it from this drop down. Okay. Yeah, you can just select delete listing and that's it. Okay. Okay. Yeah. And I've observed maybe I'll throw you a message if I see any issues with that auto removal, wherever it is marked as unfulfillable because I've seen it like I tried to remove it but it doesn't allow us to remove at times. So I don't know what the reason were. If I encounter anything such like that. Maybe I'll just send you a snapshot of that error screen. Sure. Okay. And okay. And then just. Oh, go ahead. Annab, is there one more thing or did you want to just touch on the inventory quick? Yeah, just the inventory quick. Okay. I just pulled the report for from the last week like this was 28th of March on how the inventory is looking at. The red ones are the ones which are to be deleted or not to be deleted. You should share your screen sharing the wrong one. There we go. Sorry. So yeah, this is the report for the inventory pulled on 28th of March. Red ones are the ones which we want to delete or not to be looked at. So ideally if you look at the total units, those would be our focus area cost. Total units will include everything from inbound to shipped available and transfers between fulfillment centers. Okay. Yeah, and just correct me if I'm wrong. Shoham. So whenever we see items under fulfillment center processing or fulfillment center transfers, those are still available for users or consumers to c as active inventory at the portal, right? Yes, you're right. But let's say we don't have any available inventory under the column K. You just have some inventory under column L and M. Now in that case, yes, buyers can buy, but the delivery date will be delayed. Yeah. Yes. Like by maybe one week, two weeks, that long. So at that point our visibility goes down a lot. Our ads don't perform well, so it's just not the situation we want to be in. But there will be fulfillment centers because we are sending our stock to one DC and then they redistribute it between multiple DCs. Yes, it will be there. It will always be there. But we also want to make sure there's enough that available quantity is there. Okay. Okay, okay, I got it. Okay. And so just pulling out. So we definitely took our last discussion there. Show home. So the pipe is, is nice and plentiful on the existing snacks to go right now. And then Brittany and I have your forecast which we'll talk about today as well on making sure we're really forward looking on that item. We'll also want to forecast the new item. You had mentioned some numbers to start with last time, but we'll talk about that today. And then. Yeah, you can see. So the barbecue lentils is like run out. Run down and out. The dark chocolate as well. We'll talk about that in that our forecasting. But we're going to run that down and out as well. And then you have the rest here. Are there any other ones that are. When you look at these numbers, are you concerned about anything? Because I think we're pretty stocked on the good sellers. Yes. One more thing I'll talk about is the prime day. When is the prime day? Usually it's in July, but July 12th. When was the last prime day? Prime day. Yeah. In advance. And there's a cut update for that and it's usually way ahead of time. So I, I'm not sure what that cut update is right now, but we need to look into that and make sure we're sending enough for primary. Okay. We have to double check which ones will be eligible because I know show home. Right. You have to have a four star rating or above. Yeah. And sadly we have quite a few that are like just on the cusp that don't qualify. True. So past we've had to just like match that pricing either as like a coupon or a discount, but we haven't been able to participate in actual prime on most of the items. Okay. Especially like the snacks to go 3.8. Yeah. Literally. And there's another one. Maybe there's something we can do to squeak that up. Yeah. Do you have suggestions for that? I know, I figured that was the case. It's. It's obviously not like our website where we can sort of like juke the stats. Yeah. No, I'll not say they cannot be removed, but they can be removed if they're against Amazon's community guidelines. So yeah, Camelina and the lentils are good, but. Okay. Okay. So yeah, we'll want to talk about this even when we're talking about forecasting. So let's make sure it's reflected in the forecast for the planning. Mm. Okay. All right, great. And. And I was told that I don't have to replenish more on the indulgence skus for both stores. Correct me if I'm wrong, we'll talk about that today. But I think no. And like, yeah, no, we're driving those down because by the time May comes anyways, we're not allowed to ship. Correct. And by the end of the year, we won't really be putting a lot of fire behind those items. So. Yeah, yeah. Stock up now personally. Yeah. So maybe Brittany, you and I can work on decide once you are aware of the cutoff for Amazon prime then. Because definitely I would like to send them one and a half months well in advance because they take a really long time. Like I've seen 20, 25 days in receiving. For sure it's in July. So I'll make a calendar note and then like for sure. I think the Camelina two pack, I mean obviously show home you can have an opinion here too. And then like the lentil pack. But I wondering if those are the only two that are eligible. Well, hopefully our. Our new variety pack get some reviews in real fast. We honestly should all order one personally and then rank it 5 stars to get it going. Oh, you. As long as it's your personal email, if they tie you back to the. Well, I don't know. That's what I'm saying. Personally, like my get my mom to do it show home shaking his head. I'm still gonna do it. Okay. Okay. Thank you, Annabelle. Yeah, that was it from my site. And I'll send across just to use your. And I just want to do a quick check with my finance on that part number whether want two different course for us or Canada or not. Then yeah, I'll be sending that list to you. Sure. Yeah, sounds good. Okay, thanks, Sean. Thank you so much. Thanks everyone. Thank you. Yeah, bye. Okay, great. So maybe do we want to just show home. Do you mind sharing your screen with the dashboard? Let's maybe just jump over and do high level review of March like your first. Your first month with us. And I'd love to just hear from you like high level, like what went really well, what were some of the challenges. And then we can jump over to even just some of the. The forecast there as well. So go ahead. Okay. Yeah. Right. Let me just go to this page. So by the way, Brittany had some questions about the dashboard there. Seems to be some mismatch. Okay. Yes. Let's start there if you like. So we spoke with our finance team and we get. I don't know, Brittany, if you have that report open from trying to think what month is probably best to do, but actually if we can start. Show home. So your dashboard says in March. Let's just start with snacks to go. 880 units were sold in March. Can you show us in Amazon where you are pulling those numbers from? Because we're seeing a discrepancy. Like there's the transaction report that our finance team actually pulls, then there's your report and then even Annabel's inventory report shows units sold in the last 30 days and it's not even the same number. So I'm just wondering where all these numbers are coming from. Yeah, yeah, no, definitely. So first of all, the dashboards data, it's not of the entire month. The reason is it's not what you need. It's, it's. It doesn't. It. It's not for the entire month. So it doesn't have 31st March's data because I need to create it on Tuesday. Right. And. Oh yeah, yeah. I didn't have that data at that point. So instead of 880, it will probably 905. Something close to that. That. And I'm pulling the report from the business report. Yeah, 905. So it's a little bit different. Just one days or two days of data missing. Okay. Yeah. That's why probably you see some difference or do you see the. I mean, I. I'll just tell you my process. All right, that will be better. So I pull all the reports from the business report and from the business report. Yeah. What I need to do is I need to pull daily reports. So for example, this is not how. How I need to. Not this manually, but this is exactly what I need to do. It's a little bit automated. It populates all the data and I just need to download them. But anyway, so I need to download this daily data for let's say every day. Okay. From the business report and pulling up. Go ahead. What I wouldn't trust is the. I mean, it's not like. Okay, so the report that Anubhav brought, that's the restock report that he gets from the shipments tab. And I don't trust that 30 days sales data. This and let's say orders report or the transactions report. We can use these three reports to get these sales data that's more reliable. Okay, so you're Looking at this number report and your dashboard to this may vary based on timing. There's days missing, like one or two days missing. So okay, so there's timing. So then our finance team, for instance, the report that I get from the finance team is the actual transactions that happened in the month of March. Her number for the, for the entire month of March on the snacks to go is 8:24. And so the transaction report of actually what we got paid on in the month of March is 824units. And at first I thought like we had a refund issue, but she was showing us yesterday, like in the month of March there was like six refunds across the whole portfolio. It's not a scary number. So that's my next question. Why is so what the transaction report, so what we're actually being paid on. So then my concern is where's the money on the other items sitting? Or like is it coming later or is. Did it not come at all? Where is the. Yeah, no, it shouldn't be that much different. Yeah. And so, and I did look back at. I can go back to your report too and look back at a few of the other SKUs, but still snacks to go was the biggest discrepancy of the number, like 50 plus difference. The other ones were within like 10 sometimes, like they weren't as scary, but they were still discrepancies. So we start wondering like, where are these? Where's the dollars? Right. Well, so for snack to go, let's say we are doing about 30 units a month, sorry, day on average, right? Yeah. 905 units. 30 units on average. Okay. Yeah. And where we can see some difference is either the beginning of the month, the first day, or first few days, first two days. And at the end of the month, maybe one or two days. So yeah, that's what I think. But yeah, that's all I can say. Basically it shouldn't be. Okay, so you're saying that if transactions at the beginning and the end of the month can take say two business days to complete the transaction, and we're selling 30 units a month, that's why the discrepancy on the snacks to go specifically, or sorry, 30 units a day, because we might be missing two days of transaction, like compared to. Okay, yeah. And if we look at. Okay, so you're saying. So say if it was okay. I see. Because then I was like, well then next month should be higher than your number. But that's not necessarily the case either. Because if the first day and the last day okay. So as our volumes grow, this discrepancy will likely get wider because we're transacting more per day. And so would we be able to validate that in this report? Definitely, yes. Okay. Yeah, I think we should be able to do that. Yeah. There are order numbers and we should be able to match the order numbers if we really want to look deep into it. Okay. Yeah. Even more accurate than the business report will be the orders report or the transactions report because here you get to see each order id. Oh, I see. So you should. Yeah. You're able to see all the orders versus What. Where the. Versus the cash in, basically. Yep. Take this down for. Okay. And so this something for us, Brittany, just to monitor over time because that will validate that. That could be this when you look at the transaction timelines. And then. Yeah, because that's the thing as say like when Show Home cleans up the Camelina oil page and we start selling more volume of Camelina Oil. Say currently we're selling five a day and that turns into 20 a day, that gap from the finance transaction report to Showham's report is gonna seem bigger. Yeah. Okay. And I like. And. And this is fine. Show Home. I'm just more like. I need to understand why that discrepancy. And if it is due to just. We're just looking at two different report, like two different timelines, then that I can understand. But it's just more like making sure there's not dollars missing. Yes. Somewhere or like a crazy refund issue that's happening. Right. Okay. Well, that seems to be taking a long time to load. Is that normal? It is, yeah, probably. We'll take a look at it later. Okay, well, let's jump back to. So that's just a really good, I think, thing that we can look at just to. I just would like to validate that. That's. It makes sense to me, but I just want to validate that that's what's happening. Sure. Yeah. Okay. So go ahead and. Yeah, tell me more about. So would you like to review the quantities vs forecast actuals vs forecast? Is that what you're more interested in? Yeah, we can jump there, I guess. Yeah, let's just jump there, actually. Okay. Yeah, sure. Well, we forecasted 800 units for. For the month of March and this actual number will be 905, as you see from the business report. So huge difference. And I think we should definitely update these forecasts. Yeah. Especially because they'll be using it for demand planning. So actually, why don't you just jump to your forecast document there, show home. Because the other I have two questions. One on just the marketing data. So. So if you jump to your, you know, your new forecast to actuals grid that you made. Yeah. Okay. This is easier for me to look at because if we start typing in numbers or. But you're saying you read, you forecast. This is great. What I like about this is like this is the visual. I can see the item, the, the units, the forecast, the revenue. So this is turning out really good. If there was one thing missing for me here it is the quick calculation of what was that? What was the hit and miss. Like what is percent wise? Your 8. You. You said you did 800, but you did 905 or whatever it was. Right. Like, what is that? Because that's the brag about number. Right? That's the number. You can kind of say, like, hey, I overshot by 20% or whatever. It would be great to add that. It's not hugely urgent, but I think it could do a lot for us to add that here. And then the one question way at the bottom where you're putting the roas, how are you calculating? Is this just the average roas across every asin? Yeah, it's the. It's for the overall account. Okay. For the whole account. Okay. Yeah. And I'm just bringing in this data from the dashboard. It's nothing. Yeah, yeah. You're threading it through. Yeah, exactly. So if we edit these and so you're saying roas is broken out on every unit. Okay. So that's good. We can go back and is. Oh, okay. Did you break out roas on every unit in this dashboard? No. Okay. Yeah. It will not be accurate because there are different ad types that you cannot, you cannot attribute to one particular asin. So it's not always accurate. It can be close. It can give you some idea. Not accurate. Yeah, yeah. If we could add to every. Every unit, that would be really helpful for me to just know because I'd like to know what is snacks to go doing versus camelina oil versus a 40 gram. Right. Okay. Yeah, we'll. You want me to add that here either Here? Yeah, here is probably easier because again, I just want the one place I can check and look at the overall health in the language that I understand. Look at just, just an overall business health check. And because those are usually the questions that I get even from our directors and stuff, we report in a flash on the roas. Sure. That's the metric that we use for the finance. Yeah. It will be very appreciated I feel like by all of us. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Good to have that clarity. Right. And it's very easy to communicate. You can just see it here. Okay. Yeah. And then so the snacks to go. So yeah. If there's two things to add for sure the roas so we can see just overall finance like health of the spend basically. And then the second is if you can add like you know the hit and miss, like what was the percent change? That's just a super. That's the, that's usually what we, how we report like we overshot by 10%, we undershot by 10% and this is why it just helps us that way. Yeah. I can add one more row by the way, but I don't know how you're, how you're picturing it. Yeah. So it's like if you're, I mean I can just add the, add one row and add the calculation. Okay. So this is the percent increase or decrease or. Yeah. And you know you probably only have to add it against the dollar. Like don't, you don't have to do percent difference on the units. Don't, don't worry about, about the unit. So say on snacks to go. You have line 10, the forecast. The forecast dollar was that and line 16 is the actual. So under your, just right under your forecast or somewhere in there just add a line that basically is. It's either under your forecast or under your actual. You could put it under the actual two right where it. Because then it shows like I overshot or I undershot. Yeah, got it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So let's talk about the forecasting on this. So and I. It's, it's okay if you're better if you want to look back at your numbers on the other one. But you, I think you populated in there. So you did 905 here in March and you're consistently spending about 1500 bucks against this item. I don't know if that's changed. Your spend is consistent. So what kind of growth would you anticipate seeing like you would you up these 100amonth. Like obviously you should be able to go to 9 in April. Like if you just anticipate. You did. Yes. Well 905 here. So let's just. How about I do this? I, I'll just start from here. So 920 in April and whatever we have there. I'll just, just, I don't know. I, I, let's see. I'll think about it and Then I'll just come up with the numbers. But I think I'll start from 920 in April and 940 for May. I'll just. So you'll basically just trend. Before you were trending from 800 up. Now you're going to trend from your new base, which is nine. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I think I'll just stay at 970 or 970, perhaps go up to 1000 and stay there till the end of the year. And. Yeah. And so are you able to do this before? Because Brittany wants to use this to plug into our forecast this month or, sorry, this week. So the sooner you get that done, the better for her. And so maybe let's just start at the top on the other items to show home. Because based on timing, because what we noticed in here was so for chocolate, for instance, for chocolate favas, we stopped those in. I shut those off in June. And you should actually zero them out past October too, because we, like we just said we're going to zero that out. The salad toppers I kept as is. But I just wanted to ask you, based on like you kind of have the 500 other that you're using, you're still fine on those numbers, Right? Or would you. 40. You could flat it out at 40. Sure. Yeah. Probably practically we're not doing that much. So. Okay. And then same for this one. That was kind of like you actually did really great in March on that item. Like over 80 units. So we don't have buy box issues on this item. Right. So I. But you went from 15 to 80. Well, I'm not entirely sure if this is because of advertisement. I cannot take credit for everything. Okay. So I would rather leave it conservatively where you're at. Or would you top that? Would you make that a little more aggressive? Like it's. I'm fine with conservative at this. I know what items are pushing the. What. What items we're pushing on Amazon. So that's okay to leave that and then your snacks to go. You'll get. You'll up that to the new 900 trend. The cheddar. So you can see here the cheddar. Did I zero those out, Britney? Yes, I think I did. Yeah. So I zeroed those out as in going away. But you know what, can you add one more month back? Because I saw we still have stock. Maybe add 42, like April and May, because we're still moving through stock and by June they'll probably be not fulfilled anymore. Okay, 42 for these and these okay. Yeah. And then the five pack. So again, just conservative there. And then you can see here as well. I did the same on these Sea Salt Lime 40s. They'll be probably not fulfilled by the end of June again. So I zeroed them out to the end of the year and then the three pack here, I think we're fine. This was the one. Is this the chickpeas or. Yeah. So this is the buy box issue. Bought one right now, right? Oh, this one. Yeah. We still did close to 70 what we forecasted, so we probably can stay there. Okay. Even without the buy box. Hey, yeah. Interesting. Okay, so we'll leave that there. Yeah. And then Camelina Oil, some growth there built in, you can see. Oh, so these sea salt lentils, actually I would probably zero. I think we're out of stock on those and we're not going to fulfill them. Yeah. Oh, so you can. The actual. But not. Yeah, I'm just looking. I think you said. Because starting in July they're zeroed out. I think that's what we. Well, no, I think we're currently out of stock and we're not going to fulfill them. So it's like an immediate. If Amazon has some though. Yeah. I'm just looking on his inventory report here. Okay. Roasted lentils barbecue. Where's the roasted lentils? Sea salt, 40 gram. Total units. There's two available and there's none inbound. So should I just check him? I would zero out in April, basically. Yeah. Okay. Two there. Two or two. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. All right. And then there was. And then same with chocolate. Just October after October there's zero out because I don't think we'll fulfill again. Right. October after October. Yeah. You did it already. Oh, here. Oh no, yeah, because I reactivated them end of year again. I just did the Amazon shut off time, but they'll be. We won't bring them back at the end of the year. Okay, so you want me to zero them? Yeah, yeah. Okay. And then favas are good. Good. Okay. Yeah. And so that changed all your. This is all pulling right into line 57. Right. Yeah. So can. Do you mind just totaling that up for me? Show home. What's the March to December total revenue for Amazon Ca. We're saying then. Great. Okay. So yeah, so that's still really good. Even with this is live. Right. So that is with what we took out. Yeah, yeah. Right. Plus we have Q1 on there. So the actuals of Q1 plus that it's like a. Almost a $500,000 channel right. This number doesn't look close to. I don't know if it is just because of the last one or two days, but it should be close to 39,000. Okay, well because you're 880 to 905 on a 30 item, so that's probably the. Yeah, okay, perfect. Okay. So. Okay. Yeah. So if you just make sure you do the snacks to go there and then. Yeah, that's great for this and so maybe let's jump to the US Too. Sure. Yeah. Okay. So our first question on the U.S. was is this in Canadian dollars or U.S. oh, it's. It's in U.S. dollar. Yeah. Okay. Can we just make a note. Note somewhere Just because I know we're going to ask you that every single time. Because our forecast, our forecast document is. You should ask Brittany. Yeah. Ask Natasha H. What conversion we're using or if it. If it converts. If the US Channels are entered in USD and then she converts it. Or if you have to pre convert it before you put your numbers in there. Yeah, I do know at the top there it does say like what the conversion rate is. Yeah, ask her on all US channels, is it. Do you plug in the US dollar and it converts or do you have to re. Pre convert and then plug in the actuals. Yeah. Oh dear. Yeah. Okay, cool. Okay, so I guess same thing you see here on the chocolate that we did here. Show home. Chickpeas are fine. Babas, you're fine. Toppers till the end. Maybe head down to snacks to go on this a little bit. How did we. I know. March. We just got stock back in. No, it's still not available. It's still not available? What? I thought we sold some in March. I don't think so. Okay, let's take a look. Good news report. I could see, I could see the report, right? Yeah. No, we just have nine units available. I don't know when it became. And then why are. My question is why are all those reserved? There's like 192. They're reserved. Yeah. That's because they're still receiving it and they're transferring between their fulfillment centers. All those stuff. Yes. So you're right that we sold some units. Probably just around four units. Yeah, that's what I'm seeing. So his, his report that he pulled here says there's 201 units total for our inbound 196 FC transfer. Mm. Yeah. So what does that mean? How long till they're saleable? The 196, if they're in FC transfer. Well, they are sellable even now. Okay, but. But the delivery window will be much longer. Yeah, we need to like fill the pipe so that it takes a long time. Because it takes a long time to deliver. Okay. So I'll flag this for them to look at too. So because are you saying you. This item will sell in April? You have product that's going to sell? Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. Because you're saying hopefully 40 units. Hopefully this. Yeah. And this is the most promising item I'd say. So let's see. Yeah. So this forecast that you have here on the snacks to go in the US because you basically treated it as we zeroed. Now we're almost kind of starting again. Would this be similar numbers that you would use on the new Item, the. The 18 times 28 gram variety when we put it on in Canada? Well, whatever we do, it will be an assumption. Yeah, why not? But do you use this same base? Yeah, probably. But the challenge is we don't have any review on that one. So it will probably take a while to get some. See some traction. Yeah. Compared to these. So you know what Brittany, for our, just for our timeline and assumption purposes, we're gonna kind of probably just use these very conservative numbers show home for the new variety because we reforecast every quarter. So we'll be super conservative on the, on the new item with this. And then come Q3 we'll be able to like actually have a three month trend or whatever and then we can build it up from there. Yeah. Okay. Okay, cool. And then the only other things was. So yeah, that dill pickle, 40 gram. We just gotta watch that because we have inventory. We have to move it. It's way too expensive to write it all off. So. Okay, hopefully that starts and then I notice 5 liter. So that will have to be built back into your dashboard. Is that in the Canada one? Sit in the Canon. Sorry, I'm jumping back to Canada. Okay. I don't. I just have this one two pack 500 milliliters. Okay. So the five liter that we're working on, that will have to be added. Yeah. Added and taken into account. It'll probably be very similar attributes. Because you're doing your audit on the Camelin oil page, right? Yes. So also it'll be similar with. For the 5 liter. Right. 4. I also think that the potential for Camelina oil in terms of growth probably will not be very similar to the snack to go item because I don't see that much demand in Canada. In the U.S. i think it's more in terms of surge volume and all. Okay, okay. Okay. So where are you at on that show home in terms of sending your review? Well, I have made some progress. I do have some questions about. You mentioned. I mean I appreciate some information about how it's useful for pets. So. Okay. Yeah, I'll probably not make that a. Make that the focus of the listing. Definitely not. But yeah, I'll just mention that in one of the bullet points, probably in one of the images. That's what I'm thinking of. I see. Okay. Yeah, so primarily, definitely as a cooking oil, like it's basically the smoke point everything. I should even like, I should, you know what, show home. I should send you product. You can you email us your email address so we can just send you some of the products that we actually sell? Because even the bottle has all of the attributes like the smoke point, the omega 3, the cold pressing, like those are all big words in the oil. And then yes, secondary wise, literally how a dog uses it, you put, you just pour a tablespoon on their food. It's like, it's like how you would take a supplement. It's used as a supplement. So you drizzle on their food and they eat it. And because it's high in omega 3, they get a very shiny coat. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Vitamin E, I guess. And we can't make any arthritis claims. Is that true? No, we can't really. We. So the issue with camelina oil, you can't necessarily say camelina oil does these things, but Omega 3s do these things. That's kind of how the word is. Like there is research and stats about that. Omega 3s contribute to the overall health and contribute to all of these things. You can't say camelina oil does. It's omega 3s that are doing it. And Camelina oil is rich in omega 3. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I'd say maybe like I don't know, 10, 5 to 10% of our comments on these on Facebook are saying that they bought them for their dog and it cured their arthritis. Yeah. So yeah, it's basically Omega 3s. It's code health and joint health for pets. Got it. Promotes coat health. Promotes shiny coat and joint. Overall joint health for pets. Yeah, right. That's all I can see here too. So these are all the. Some of the. Yeah. Arthritis. You'll see the mention of arthritis here. Skin as an allergic mess. So yeah. Similar to what you're saying. Okay. Okay. So yes, I'll have this ready pretty soon. Probably in another Week. I'll have it ready and I'll let you know if I need any more information regarding this product. And apart from these, by the way, did you want to discuss anything else? The only other thing was just. So the new item, we are still tracking to get that set up done. So you just. The most urgent thing you need from us is that GS1 certificate, right? That's right, yes. And Brittany and Annabelle. I know Annabelle's not here. Did you guys get clarity on that email that you received about something? I just saw an email. This is morning. Okay. Emailed it to show home. Did you see that email we sent? Yeah. About. Yes. Because is that that item? Yes. Say that again. We created that case. Yes. Yeah. Okay. So that was. You show home. That wasn't anything weird. We know that. No, no. That's about this new item, isn't it? Yes. Yeah. Okay. And I saw that, Brittany, you sent me some new images from a new graphic design. Yes. So you said the first one got rejected, right? Yeah. So are there changes you would like me to make or are you just using the photo of the bag? Just photo of the bag for now. I'll need to think of what else we can do because, well, this one is not being accepted. So that's another topic about the new designer. Do you like the designs better? Do you think his or her work is better than the previous designer? So she actually used to do. She filled Britney's mat leave about a year or two ago or whenever that was. So she knows the company well because we have just better communication with her. I think we'll be able to just. I think we'll be able to get better quality. Yeah. Okay. Hey, Brittany. Okay. Yeah. And then. So what I was confused. I was going to send you that. I know that you sent examples too. And then I came across these ones as I was just doing some research. And like this is quite separate. Hey, so is that because it's the product or. Or that. My other question was, should we put them in this so that we can say things on the box here or what's your suggestion? No, you're definitely right. This is a good example. And you know what, Brittany, what I tried to do with the picture that you. The image that you gave me was to set up one experiment. So what I will try to do is just change the main image on the actual product and see that messes up anything or if that gets accepted. Okay. Because the rest of it is exactly what we're doing. Right. Like this is everything that you had sent Me like it's really just this one that's different. I'm not sure that's an actual box. That's one another confusion that. That I have. Is that how they package it? No, no. It's such a big pack. We should again, we should send you. Please send us here because it's such a big pack. That's. Yeah, it's much bigger. Yeah. So Brittany, do you want to make sure you get show home's address and then we should just send him an assortment of these items. Yeah. This whole brand has the products separate, but they do that many people do that. I don't know why it's not. It's probably because we are trying to add text. That's why in this case it even looks better. If you compare these two. This like pure protein compared to like just the simply protein. Like the other one was much more eye catching. Right? Definitely. Yeah. If you look at this brand called. Are you in the US right now? No. Can you go to Amazon Us. Switch mine. Search for no sugar. You have to. You'll have to change the zip code from there. Deliver to. That's why I like going to just Amazon.com because my stuff's already in there. Okay. Yeah. Search for zero. No sugar cookies. Let's see if it comes up. You see that the third example, high key. See how this. They're the fourth one. Sorry, which one's like. Oh, high key. Oh yeah. Interesting coming out, right? Yeah, Yeah. I try to always look at bag examples too because obviously like people who are similar to us are really only doing what we're doing. Like just these bags, like it's. It's tougher. Boxes are so much easier to photograph design. Yeah. Oh yeah, they totally are. Bags are weird. Yeah. I get so jealous every time I see someone have a stack of like boxes. I'm like, man, such a good photo. Yeah, yeah. They all have an external one. So is this something you would like me to. To get done and try. Well, we could definitely taste that. But my primary intention was to add somehow add the word healthy on the main image. See if you could also look into some of these examples and see, you see on that other picture they added one. What do you say? Sticker photo of our snacks to go one too. So you have it. Say that again. Show them. If you scroll it down, scroll down a little bit. Do you see one product? The third product, Mosh, I think Mosh Blue Ray Blueberry one. Yeah, that one. You see they have added stickers on it. Is there a difference between Amazon.com and CA. Like are we seeing this on CA everywhere? I haven't, but that's the problem is I feel like all the brands I'm always looking at are. Or maybe people are not experimenting that much in the ca. It's not that competitive. I just sent you to their show home. Just the front of pack image of our new one. It's a little more. Has like claims and stuff right on it. So they have. So in Canada, this is these two, these simply protein and this Catalina Crunch. They have this little icon here. Yeah. So we'll have to do something like this so that they don't detect it as a. I don't know, we just have to try a bunch of different things probably to get an idea of what will work. They put the video too. But my intention is to just include the word healthy. If we cannot include the entire thing that I suggested. Healthy. I just don't know where you would put healthy. You're saying you're going to work it into the description. Hey, show home and see if that works to start. But you also want it there. You want it visually. That's the problem. Exactly. Because right now we have does this in projects. Yeah. She added a background so I had to tell her that they can't. But this is what got rejected. Mm. Just already so busy. I'm like, how do you add healthy? Are you able, Is she able to like. So this is a question because you're trying to make it part of the pack. So right now she's making it a green banner. Like can she just take my the pack image? So for instance, I sent you just in the chat, could she just not do the green banner and just take the pack image and redesign the front of it a little bit to say healthy roasted snack at the top and resend you a 2D. There's a risk with that. So in that case, we are, we are changing the packaging design. Right. And then if we send inventory to Amazon and if the fulfillment people, they see, oh, it's a different packaging than what we're receiving, they will say, oh, it's a different product, can't receive it. Right. Okay. So because basically you're saying it has to look like an add on because it's not part of the pack, but at the same time it has to have a detection part of the pack for it to be accepted. That's the line we're walking. Yeah. Because what you're almost trying to do is you know how lots of people will add like a new Like a new something to the pack or a new tag. You're just trying to say healthy roasted crunch instead of new. So. Yeah. Okay. There just aren't any examples where there's like a separate banner. You know what I mean? Like, they'll have like this. Unless you want to try this. Like this tag. Sure, yeah. Yeah, Tag works. I tried that for one supplement brand in the uk that works. Don't know where. Where you add it. Like, because we have this here. Like, our pack is so full. Give it to the designer. Let her do the thinking. Just give her examples and say, here's the challenge. I need you to do the thinking. Give me some options. Yeah. I'm like, just look at the bag. Just on its own. It's like, sorry, I do I need to jump off, get ready for my next meeting. But just for takeaways from this. So show home. You have the takeaways on the forecast? Doc, we have the forecast, so thank you for that. Brittany has what she needs to plug in. And then in terms of the new items set up, I believe everybody's already working. The most urgent thing is the GS1 certificate that you need to continue. But it sounds like Annabelle's getting you everything you need for the. That as well. Or for the back end. Other stuff. Yeah. Okay, cool. All right, awesome. And then, so I guess are we wanting to move these meetings bi weekly starting now? Where? Because what we know is we can still talk to you in between the bi weeklies, but this bi weekly meeting is more like a overall business review. Like, where are there any inventory flags? Where are we at with the new item setup? So obviously all the work happening in between here, but why don't we put our next meeting out two weeks? Brittany, if you want to move the cadence. Sure, yeah, let's do that. And then, of course, you guys are talking in between on. On some of the action items. Cool. Sounds good. All right. Okay, thanks, everybody. Have a good day. Thank you. Have a wonderful day. Bye now. By.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: This in.

Speaker B: Yes, that's what I was trying to do. And. And battery's weird. Something's wrong there.

Speaker A: Yeah, sorry, Annaba, can you just mute or tell Neil and Michelle to go talk in their office? Thanks. Go ahead, show up.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, yes, I will set up the new listing. I just need the GS1 certificate for the prefix that we're using.

Speaker A: The GS1 certificate. Yeah. Okay. I have to get my sales specialist to set that up. So she's just waiting on a few details for me and then I think that's pretty quick. So hopefully I'll have that next week.

Speaker B: Right. Yeah, you can just. One can just log in and then download the service.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: So Annabelle, if you can make sure this information is just shared to show home, then he'll wrap it up with everything else that Brittany and I are getting him for new item and he has what he needs.

Speaker D: Yeah. And just one suggestion. I need Alicia. So, like, if you see in the new code that was created in Fishbowl, it has a description Dash can. I think it should be Dash can slash us because we'll be using the same code in both stores of Canada and U.S. right. So I think we shouldn't be. We should be using a more generic one. Unless there is a specific keyword which will be a new description altogether, which Shoham might want to use, which I'm not aware of.

Speaker B: Well, I'm not going to use can in the title anyway on Amazon. That could be for our internal purposes. Okay. And also the sku, I think it's a better idea if you use a different SKU in the US that will keep probably for your. It's better for your finance purposes. And also on Amazon, let's say at any point if we switch to a bm, just may happen. Thinking about the possibilities, in that case, it's better to have two different SKUs.

Speaker A: Okay. Is that how we do it right now?

Speaker D: No, we are just using one. We are just using one code and across both stores.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Because that's an interesting comment. Show home that you say it actually is better typically for the finance team to separate the codes. Because right now it's same code, same everything going into the US So why do you say that's better? Like can it create? Because we are have. This is a part of our discussion later today. I'm wondering if that has something to do with some of the confusion that we're seeing in mapping Annabove.

Speaker D: So when it comes to mapping, like we have moved to a new platform in Fishbowl like within Fishbowl. Also, we are using a new plugin. As of now, I'm not seeing any issues with it. Like, that is what we have done is we are linking to unique order IDs. So we have different set of identifiers of how the orders get into can from Canada and from us. Like, they have a different sequence altogether. So right now it's not giving us a glitch, but I mean, it would be neat. Yes. I agree to some extent that there wouldn't be any room for confusion going forward, but again, it's. I think it's more of an internal decision of how you want to move forward

Speaker A: and is. So that comment you make, Showham too, that's easier for the finance team. Is that the reason why? Because they're completely separate, there's no. There's less room for confusion. Or is there something else you've seen? Okay.

Speaker D: Using the same description though, Shoham, on

Speaker B: both stores, more or less the same. Yes, there are some changes because in Canada, for example, we want to highlight that it's produced in Canada. In the us you are not highlighting that that much. So, yeah, there are some minor differences.

Speaker D: And even though if we use the same code at our end, let's say in our system, I'm fine if you want to use two separate codes in Amazon, if that makes sense to you.

Speaker B: I mean, whatever is convenient for you. Personally, I mean, I didn't want to say that. This is how you should be doing things. Right. Yeah. Whatever is convenient for you, you can do just that.

Speaker A: Okay. As long as there's no confusion. And because, yeah, we use the same ASIN and numbers on the front end so that reviews go back and forth. Right. Show Home and the. That's typically how that's set up. That's common. That's best practice usually across the countries, right?

Speaker B: Yes. Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay. Okay. So there will be two unique asins. Any which ways?

Speaker B: No, the ASIN will be the same. The skew.

Speaker D: The ASIN will be the same. Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Oh, go ahead.

Speaker D: Sorry, Alicia. So before pushing this for decision making to Showham, do you want to take a day to discuss internally whether we want to have two codes or one code or.

Speaker A: Well, so what I heard was it's up to. For the finance team and yourself, Annabelle, because what Show Home is saying is in. In his experience, it's just. It's just the likeliness of confusion. So if you and. And Natasha decide, you know what, let's just leave it the way that we know and we're doing it's not creating confusion, we're totally fine. But if you see room for improvement.

Speaker D: So let me discuss that with Natasha H internally and maybe first thing tomorrow Soham, I'll send the final confirmation to you.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah. And the second thing to consider is if we are going to ever switch to fbm, we don't want to fulfill by merchant.

Speaker D: Right? Never.

Speaker A: Well, sorry, say that again. You cut out for me.

Speaker B: I said do we ever want to switch to fulfilled by merchant. Is that a possibility or do we always want to do a ba My

Speaker A: our preference is fba. Right. So I just don't think that as a merchant we could execute like Amazon can.

Speaker B: Yeah, definitely. Yes. And the reason I said this is because if we want to switch to FBM then it's also better to have two different SKUs. Otherwise let's say in the US the inventory sync between two marketplaces. So in the, let's say in the US you want to set just 10 units. In Canada you want to say 20 units for MBM. That will not happen. It will sync with one.

Speaker A: I see.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: And regardless if we have different SKUs, they are the same asin always. Yeah.

Speaker D: In that case I would suggest just create a different code in Amazon. I'll keep the same code for us and we'll just create two different codes in Amazon. So maybe 1120 and 5121 we use for Canada and maybe we can use a dash one for us. It won't harm like I can just map it with that.

Speaker A: And again just I would discuss that with Natasha too and above because it's all about mapping the process of how we do this and the whys and making sure everybody's aware of the why you would do this. Why is it better practice to do it this way?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: Okay. And one of the inventory issue that I encountered Shoham was with our dill pickle 40 grams snack stock. So on 11th of March we were seeing 38 units as available in stock with no sales transaction or zero movement in last 90 days and suddenly this stock goes zero. Now like this 38 have gone down to zero and again no sale history.

Speaker B: Oh, so that means they have been removed.

Speaker D: I think so. So my. That is my best guess that has they been like they approached less than required shelf life and got disposed of. But I still have stocks for Delpicar and I wanted to refill it but since there was zero movement. So I'm unwilling to send the stocks assuming they won't move again. Right. So what's the point of replenishing stock if we entered into a phase where it was just getting discarded.

Speaker B: Okay. 20065.

Speaker A: Because I actually noticed show home that item's missing in the dashboard. I don't see it.

Speaker B: I see that too right now.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, because I was scrolling.

Speaker B: I was trying to look for it on the dashboard, but no, it's not there. Probably because it didn't sell, that's why. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Anyway, that's. So I'll have to take a look at what's going on or what has been happening with that.

Speaker D: And

Speaker B: you can, by the way, see what. Why it was removed if you go to Fulfillment Report.

Speaker D: Anuha, I'm not logged into Amazon, so.

Speaker B: No, no, I'm just. Okay, that's fine. Are you familiar with the fulfillment report? How to go there?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so you can see why it

Speaker D: was removed in Fulfillment report. Where do you see that?

Speaker B: Okay, one second. I'll just. So you'll have to go to reports, then Fulfillment. Scroll to the bottom and you'll see under removals, you have to click on removal order detail. And there you go.

Speaker A: Can you show your screen? Show home while you're doing that, just so we have a visual of what you're doing there too?

Speaker B: Yeah, sure.

Speaker D: Helpful.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Can you see my screen now?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so reports and fulfillment. If you scroll to the bottom of the page on the left, you'll see removal order details. Here you have to select the. I mean, how many days data do you want to see? If you think that it has happened in the last 30 days, just select last 30 days, click on generate report and you'll see all the. Oh, there you go. It's. This is. This is the one, I believe. So the inventory was unfulfillable for some reason. Unsellable. Yeah, which is why it got removed

Speaker D: 11th of March. It was showing as sellable and available stock.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker D: So that is why I never replenished it, because I had stocks and there was no movement and suddenly I see zero stock. And like we were questioning, like, why aren't we sending more stocks. Then I realized, okay, yeah, we had stocks. That is why we are not sending more stocks. But then it goes into discarded level.

Speaker B: Mm.

Speaker A: And typically the only reasons that would happen would be a best before date issue.

Speaker B: I think. So that could be the one. Yeah. Because the list.

Speaker A: You know what the best before date was on those items in there and above?

Speaker D: I would have to go back.

Speaker A: You'd have to trace it.

Speaker D: Different transactions

Speaker A: and if so. And so how does that typically happen? So if they remove product because it's within, it's not within, it's not sellable due to a short date on it. Do you get a notification that yes and a request about what to do with it. And did you get that Annab like what do we do with this stock or did anybody get that it goes

Speaker B: to the primary email by the way

Speaker C: it would go to orders. Right.

Speaker D: The orders we get intimation report like whatever changes we did like like the one which we shared yesterday. Right. Brittany. So but sku wise I don't get any specific alert.

Speaker B: Okay there you are not you. I mean we are supposed to receive one notification application by the way and it they will send you I think almost two weeks ahead of time ahead of removing the inventory from their fulfillment centers. And also by the way you can. There's an in their automated removal settings you can specify what what you want them to do. Do you want them to dispose it up? Do you want them to renew return it to you? So that's also another setup you can take a look at.

Speaker D: And yeah I think for that we have set an auto disposal once it is there because we are not bringing stocks back of near expiry any which ways. So that is already in that case

Speaker A: would you have not received the notification because you put that setting in there show home but we'd still receive some sort of notification that this happened. Right?

Speaker B: You are supposed to receive the notification anyway.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay so Anubhav you need to dig and see something.

Speaker D: Correct. Because it might happen that let's say a secondary person is monitoring the orders email and if just if it just got overlooked like archived or overlooked instead of highlighting to us. Right. So that could be a possibility. Yeah.

Speaker C: Show Home Is there a good add other emails so it's not just orders that's getting those notifications.

Speaker B: Yes, you can go to notification settings and.

Speaker D: Yeah, I think so.

Speaker A: Okay so that's the next step on there. So Annabelle if you want to dig back and make sure we got. So I guess there's few few things here. So Annabelle is going to dig back and make sure that that email came in somewhere. But meanwhile if we can go into our settings there Annabelle and add your personal email and even Britney too as just backup for visibility on these things.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: And so then secondly is assuming this has been disposed. We're assuming this is a best before date issue. It's been disposed because it sounds like that's the direction we've given Amazon to do. So you will Be sending a new shipment because we're okay.

Speaker D: So that is something which I wanted. That is why I'm highlighting this issue whether we want to replenish because there was no movement for this and this 38 units were sitting for like really long time with zero movement. So if I send again what is the guarantee it will sell?

Speaker A: Well, we have nowhere else that we sell it. So if we have stock we have to move it. So that comes to our discussion. Show home that $500 budget for other. We have to put strategy against this inventory because the business has inventory and this is the only outlet that it sells through.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, sure. By the way, there was no movement in the last six months for this product.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Weird. It's like this is selling flavor.

Speaker C: This is like an. Like we had. This was one of the first issues that we were going back and forth with with now I can't remember his name with open sale.

Speaker D: Mehul Mahul.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: And then because we never. What was interesting was at first week remember we assumed that we lost the buy box but we hadn't so we could tell that it was something in the back end. So then we needed mahool.

Speaker A: Yeah weird.

Speaker C: So obviously this is not a recent

Speaker A: so maybe do a smaller don't go crazy on your numbers in there and above but fulfill and then we'll see show home. Because what it's sounding like is there was sales trying to sell and it wasn't. So until you're able to actually visibly see what that issue could be you can't really give any input on what the issue is.

Speaker D: Maybe I'll try to do 10 to 12 because 38 were just discarded with zero movement. So let me do a really small.

Speaker A: Yeah, that is weird. Like dill pickle favas are literally our national bestseller. Like that's the best flavor. So that's really weird.

Speaker D: Yeah. I don't know what could be the reason. Is it how it is advertised or is there a less spend on a specific SKU or is there some settings issue internally. So yeah, it's an open debate. So that is I wanted to make sure that it comes under the scanner. Okay. And I'll I have a quick list of items Soham for inventory cleanup. So what is happening is I'll be really quick so that I don't eat up all the time. So for Amazon Canada I made a list of items and they are currently.

Speaker A: Can you share your screen? Annaba Is that the inventory report that you're sharing?

Speaker D: I know, sorry. I. I thought my stream was Shared, My bad. Okay, so I've created a file called Data Cleanup under Amazon Canada and US where we don't use these codes at all. But for us to delete these items, if anything is under unfulfillable, I don't get that. Right. To delete it right away. So can you help with that, Soham? Like, these are the ports which we don't. Which is discontinued and we don't want to see. And it unnecessarily confuses us when it comes to, you know, weekly replenishment of stock.

Speaker B: Okay, yeah, sure. Well, so yeah, for the ones with unfulfillable inventory, we can create a removal order for them.

Speaker D: So I think even after doing it takes its. Amazon takes its own time to get rid of it at times. I don't know what is the reason for that.

Speaker B: Well, Amazon will do its thing. You can create your removal order and I think once it's done, you can just remove. I mean, you can just delete it if you need to.

Speaker A: So are you saying show home? We just order it ourselves?

Speaker B: No, it's unfulfillable. You cannot order it.

Speaker A: Oh, so we just have to wait it out, is what you're saying?

Speaker B: No, no, no. I mean, just create the removal order and.

Speaker D: Yeah, that is what.

Speaker B: Do its thing and delete the listing in the meantime, if you need to. I wouldn't be worried about too much. Worried about these one inventory here and there, honestly.

Speaker D: Okay, but does it affect any of your reporting or history? No, Alicia.

Speaker B: Oh, okay.

Speaker A: No, these items we don't need, like turmeric and spice. No, go ahead. Because again, even any history, like, we still have these things internal. Right. If I had to go look back at whatever we were doing on Amazon in the past. So it doesn't. You can, you can clean this up and above if it's creating confusion. Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay. And same with Amazon Us, there was a weird one. There was an auto code generated. I don't know how that happened. And the code got generated with the name Amazon.found.asm.

Speaker B: yeah, yeah. That's lost and found inventory. So. But there is no.

Speaker D: There is no. No nothing. No transaction. Like, there is no stock in that.

Speaker B: Well, maybe there is nothing right now, but when it was created, probably. Okay. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: Okay. So I can just create a deletion.

Speaker B: You can do that? Yes. Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay. And are you having. Are you there on the screen? Just want to make sure that I don't delete it from a wrong channel. Can you just show me from where should I go and Clean the listing if I'm not doing a removal. Auto removal.

Speaker B: Yeah, sure.

Speaker D: For disposal.

Speaker B: So you want to see how to delete a listing, right?

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so I'll share my screen. Well, we'll have to go to the manage inventory page. Yeah, manage all inventory and this is where you land. And if you want to for example, delete this listing.

Speaker D: Correct.

Speaker B: Okay, not so. Okay, I'll just delete this listing from here or I cannot see this option here below because it's. Now I can just hide it from this drop down.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, you can just select delete listing and that's it.

Speaker D: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: And I've observed maybe I'll throw you a message if I see any issues with that auto removal, wherever it is marked as unfulfillable because I've seen it like I tried to remove it but it doesn't allow us to remove at times. So I don't know what the reason were. If I encounter anything such like that. Maybe I'll just send you a snapshot of that error screen.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker D: Okay. And okay.

Speaker A: And then just. Oh, go ahead. Annab, is there one more thing or did you want to just touch on the inventory quick?

Speaker D: Yeah, just the inventory quick.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker D: I just pulled the report for from the last week like this was 28th of March on how the inventory is looking at. The red ones are the ones which are to be deleted or not to be deleted.

Speaker A: You should share your screen sharing the wrong one. There we go.

Speaker D: Sorry. So yeah, this is the report for the inventory pulled on 28th of March. Red ones are the ones which we want to delete or not to be looked at. So ideally if you look at the total units, those would be our focus area cost. Total units will include everything from inbound to shipped available and transfers between fulfillment centers.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker D: Yeah, and just correct me if I'm wrong. Shoham. So whenever we see items under fulfillment center processing or fulfillment center transfers, those are still available for users or consumers to c as active inventory at the portal, right?

Speaker B: Yes, you're right. But let's say we don't have any available inventory under the column K. You just have some inventory under column L and M. Now in that case, yes, buyers can buy, but the delivery date will be delayed. Yeah. Yes. Like by maybe one week, two weeks, that long. So at that point our visibility goes down a lot. Our ads don't perform well, so it's just not the situation we want to be in.

Speaker D: But there will be fulfillment centers because we are sending our stock to one DC and then they redistribute it between multiple DCs.

Speaker B: Yes, it will be there. It will always be there. But we also want to make sure

Speaker D: there's enough that available quantity is there.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker D: Okay, okay, I got it.

Speaker A: Okay. And so just pulling out. So we definitely took our last discussion there. Show home. So the pipe is, is nice and plentiful on the existing snacks to go right now. And then Brittany and I have your forecast which we'll talk about today as well on making sure we're really forward looking on that item. We'll also want to forecast the new item. You had mentioned some numbers to start with last time, but we'll talk about that today.

Speaker B: And then.

Speaker A: Yeah, you can see. So the barbecue lentils is like run out. Run down and out. The dark chocolate as well. We'll talk about that in that our forecasting. But we're going to run that down and out as well. And then you have the rest here. Are there any other ones that are. When you look at these numbers, are you concerned about anything? Because I think we're pretty stocked on the good sellers.

Speaker B: Yes. One more thing I'll talk about is the prime day. When is the prime day? Usually it's in July, but July 12th. When was the last prime day? Prime day.

Speaker D: Yeah. In advance.

Speaker B: And there's a cut update for that and it's usually way ahead of time. So I, I'm not sure what that cut update is right now, but we need to look into that and make sure we're sending enough for primary.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: We have to double check which ones will be eligible because I know show home.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker C: You have to have a four star rating or above.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: And sadly we have quite a few that are like just on the cusp that don't qualify.

Speaker A: True.

Speaker C: So past we've had to just like match that pricing either as like a coupon or a discount, but we haven't been able to participate in actual prime on most of the items.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: Especially like the snacks to go 3.8. Yeah. Literally. And there's another one.

Speaker A: Maybe there's something we can do to squeak that up. Yeah.

Speaker C: Do you have suggestions for that? I know, I figured that was the case.

Speaker A: It's.

Speaker C: It's obviously not like our website where we can sort of like juke the stats.

Speaker B: Yeah. No, I'll not say they cannot be removed, but they can be removed if they're against Amazon's community guidelines.

Speaker C: So yeah, Camelina and the lentils are good, but.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. So yeah, we'll want to talk about this even when we're talking about forecasting. So let's make sure it's reflected in the forecast for the planning.

Speaker D: Mm. Okay.

Speaker A: All right, great.

Speaker D: And. And I was told that I don't have to replenish more on the indulgence skus for both stores. Correct me if I'm wrong,

Speaker A: we'll talk about that today. But I think no. And like, yeah, no, we're driving those down because by the time May comes anyways, we're not allowed to ship.

Speaker D: Correct.

Speaker A: And by the end of the year, we won't really be putting a lot of fire behind those items. So.

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: Stock up now personally.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: So maybe Brittany, you and I can work on decide once you are aware of the cutoff for Amazon prime then. Because definitely I would like to send them one and a half months well in advance because they take a really long time. Like I've seen 20, 25 days in receiving.

Speaker C: For sure it's in July. So I'll make a calendar note and then like for sure. I think the Camelina two pack, I mean obviously show home you can have an opinion here too. And then like the lentil pack. But I wondering if those are the only two that are eligible.

Speaker A: Well, hopefully our. Our new variety pack get some reviews in real fast.

Speaker C: We honestly should all order one personally and then rank it 5 stars to get it going.

Speaker D: Oh, you.

Speaker A: As long as it's your personal email, if they tie you back to the. Well, I don't know.

Speaker C: That's what I'm saying. Personally, like my get my mom to do it show home shaking his head. I'm still gonna do it. Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. Thank you, Annabelle.

Speaker D: Yeah, that was it from my site. And I'll send across just to use your. And I just want to do a quick check with my finance on that part number whether want two different course for us or Canada or not. Then yeah, I'll be sending that list to you.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah, sounds good.

Speaker D: Okay, thanks, Sean.

Speaker A: Thank you so much.

Speaker B: Thanks everyone. Thank you.

Speaker D: Yeah, bye.

Speaker A: Okay, great. So maybe do we want to just show home. Do you mind sharing your screen with the dashboard? Let's maybe just jump over and do high level review of March like your first. Your first month with us. And I'd love to just hear from you like high level, like what went really well, what were some of the challenges. And then we can jump over to even just some of the. The forecast there as well. So go ahead.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. Right. Let me just go to this page. So by the way, Brittany had some questions about the dashboard there. Seems to be some mismatch.

Speaker A: Okay. Yes. Let's start there if you like. So we spoke with our finance team and we get. I don't know, Brittany, if you have that report open from trying to think what month is probably best to do, but actually if we can start. Show home. So your dashboard says in March. Let's just start with snacks to go. 880 units were sold in March. Can you show us in Amazon where you are pulling those numbers from? Because we're seeing a discrepancy. Like there's the transaction report that our finance team actually pulls, then there's your report and then even Annabel's inventory report shows units sold in the last 30 days and it's not even the same number. So I'm just wondering where all these numbers are coming from.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, no, definitely. So first of all, the dashboards data, it's not of the entire month. The reason is

Speaker C: it's not what you need.

Speaker B: It's, it's. It doesn't. It. It's not for the entire month. So it doesn't have 31st March's data because I need to create it on Tuesday. Right. And. Oh yeah, yeah. I didn't have that data at that point. So instead of 880, it will probably 905. Something close to that. That. And I'm pulling the report from the business report. Yeah, 905. So it's a little bit different. Just one days or two days of data missing.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. That's why probably you see some difference or do you see the. I mean, I. I'll just tell you my process. All right, that will be better. So I pull all the reports from the business report and from the business report.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: What I need to do is I need to pull daily reports. So for example, this is not how. How I need to. Not this manually, but this is exactly what I need to do. It's a little bit automated. It populates all the data and I just need to download them. But anyway, so I need to download this daily data for let's say every day.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: From the business report and pulling up.

Speaker C: Go ahead.

Speaker B: What I wouldn't trust is the. I mean, it's not like. Okay, so the report that Anubhav brought, that's the restock report that he gets from the shipments tab. And I don't trust that 30 days sales data. This and let's say orders report or the transactions report. We can use these three reports to get these sales data that's more reliable.

Speaker A: Okay, so you're Looking at this number report and your dashboard to this may vary based on timing. There's days missing, like one or two days missing. So okay, so there's timing. So then our finance team, for instance, the report that I get from the finance team is the actual transactions that happened in the month of March. Her number for the, for the entire month of March on the snacks to go is 8:24. And so the transaction report of actually what we got paid on in the month of March is 824units. And at first I thought like we had a refund issue, but she was showing us yesterday, like in the month of March there was like six refunds across the whole portfolio. It's not a scary number. So that's my next question. Why is so what the transaction report, so what we're actually being paid on. So then my concern is where's the money on the other items sitting? Or like is it coming later or is. Did it not come at all? Where is the.

Speaker B: Yeah, no, it shouldn't be that much different.

Speaker A: Yeah. And so, and I did look back at. I can go back to your report too and look back at a few of the other SKUs, but still snacks to go was the biggest discrepancy of the number, like 50 plus difference. The other ones were within like 10 sometimes, like they weren't as scary, but they were still discrepancies. So we start wondering like, where are these? Where's the dollars?

Speaker B: Right. Well, so for snack to go, let's say we are doing about 30 units a month, sorry, day on average, right? Yeah. 905 units. 30 units on average.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. And where we can see some difference is either the beginning of the month, the first day, or first few days, first two days. And at the end of the month, maybe one or two days. So yeah, that's what I think. But yeah, that's all I can say. Basically it shouldn't be.

Speaker A: Okay, so you're saying that if transactions at the beginning and the end of the month can take say two business days to complete the transaction, and we're selling 30 units a month, that's why the discrepancy on the snacks to go specifically, or sorry, 30 units a day, because we might be missing two days of transaction, like compared to.

Speaker B: Okay, yeah.

Speaker A: And if we look at. Okay, so you're saying. So say if it was okay. I see. Because then I was like, well then next month should be higher than your number. But that's not necessarily the case either. Because if the first day and the last day okay. So as our volumes grow, this discrepancy will likely get wider because we're transacting more per day. And so would we be able to validate that in this report?

Speaker B: Definitely, yes.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, I think we should be able to do that. Yeah. There are order numbers and we should be able to match the order numbers if we really want to look deep into it.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. Even more accurate than the business report will be the orders report or the transactions report because here you get to see each order id.

Speaker A: Oh, I see. So you should. Yeah. You're able to see all the orders versus What. Where the. Versus the cash in, basically.

Speaker D: Yep.

Speaker A: Take this down for. Okay. And so this something for us, Brittany, just to monitor over time because that will validate that. That could be this when you look at the transaction timelines. And then. Yeah, because that's the thing as say like when Show Home cleans up the Camelina oil page and we start selling more volume of Camelina Oil. Say currently we're selling five a day and that turns into 20 a day, that gap from the finance transaction report to Showham's report is gonna seem bigger.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. And I like. And. And this is fine. Show Home. I'm just more like. I need to understand why that discrepancy. And if it is due to just. We're just looking at two different report, like two different timelines, then that I can understand. But it's just more like making sure there's not dollars missing.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Somewhere or like a crazy refund issue that's happening.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Well, that seems to be taking a long time to load. Is that normal?

Speaker B: It is, yeah, probably. We'll take a look at it later.

Speaker A: Okay, well, let's jump back to. So that's just a really good, I think, thing that we can look at just to. I just would like to validate that. That's. It makes sense to me, but I just want to validate that that's what's happening.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: So go ahead and. Yeah, tell me more about.

Speaker B: So would you like to review the quantities vs forecast actuals vs forecast? Is that what you're more interested in?

Speaker A: Yeah, we can jump there, I guess. Yeah, let's just jump there, actually.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, sure. Well, we forecasted 800 units for. For the month of March and this actual number will be 905, as you see from the business report. So huge difference. And I think we should definitely update these forecasts. Yeah.

Speaker A: Especially because they'll be using it for demand planning. So actually, why don't you just jump to your forecast document there, show home. Because the other I have two questions. One on just the marketing data. So. So if you jump to your, you know, your new forecast to actuals grid that you made.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: This is easier for me to look at because if we start typing in numbers or. But you're saying you read, you forecast. This is great. What I like about this is like this is the visual. I can see the item, the, the units, the forecast, the revenue. So this is turning out really good. If there was one thing missing for me here it is the quick calculation of what was that? What was the hit and miss. Like what is percent wise? Your 8. You. You said you did 800, but you did 905 or whatever it was. Right. Like, what is that? Because that's the brag about number. Right? That's the number. You can kind of say, like, hey, I overshot by 20% or whatever. It would be great to add that. It's not hugely urgent, but I think it could do a lot for us to add that here. And then the one question way at the bottom where you're putting the roas, how are you calculating? Is this just the average roas across every asin?

Speaker B: Yeah, it's the. It's for the overall account.

Speaker A: Okay. For the whole account. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. And I'm just bringing in this data from the dashboard. It's nothing.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. You're threading it through.

Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. So if we edit these and so

Speaker A: you're saying roas is broken out on every unit. Okay. So that's good. We can go back and is.

Speaker C: Oh, okay.

Speaker A: Did you break out roas on every unit in this dashboard?

Speaker D: No.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. It will not be accurate because there are different ad types that you cannot, you cannot attribute to one particular asin. So it's not always accurate. It can be close. It can give you some idea. Not accurate.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. If we could add to every. Every unit, that would be really helpful for me to just know because I'd like to know what is snacks to go doing versus camelina oil versus a 40 gram.

Speaker B: Right. Okay. Yeah, we'll. You want me to add that here either Here?

Speaker A: Yeah, here is probably easier because again, I just want the one place I can check and look at the overall health in the language that I understand. Look at just, just an overall business health check. And because those are usually the questions that I get even from our directors and stuff, we report in a flash on the roas. Sure. That's the metric that we use for the finance. Yeah.

Speaker C: It will be very appreciated I feel like by all of us. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. Good to have that clarity. Right. And it's very easy to communicate. You can just see it here.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. And then so the snacks to go. So yeah. If there's two things to add for sure the roas so we can see just overall finance like health of the spend basically. And then the second is if you can add like you know the hit and miss, like what was the percent change? That's just a super. That's the, that's usually what we, how we report like we overshot by 10%, we undershot by 10% and this is why it just helps us that way.

Speaker B: Yeah. I can add one more row by the way, but I don't know how you're, how you're picturing it. Yeah. So it's like if you're, I mean I can just add the, add one row and add the calculation. Okay. So this is the percent increase or decrease or.

Speaker A: Yeah. And you know you probably only have to add it against the dollar. Like don't, you don't have to do percent difference on the units. Don't, don't worry about, about the unit. So say on snacks to go. You have line 10, the forecast. The forecast dollar was that and line 16 is the actual. So under your, just right under your forecast or somewhere in there just add a line that basically is. It's either under your forecast or under your actual. You could put it under the actual two right where it. Because then it shows like I overshot or I undershot.

Speaker B: Yeah, got it. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. So let's talk about the forecasting on this. So and I. It's, it's okay if you're better if you want to look back at your numbers on the other one. But you, I think you populated in there. So you did 905 here in March and you're consistently spending about 1500 bucks against this item. I don't know if that's changed. Your spend is consistent. So what kind of growth would you anticipate seeing like you would you up these 100amonth. Like obviously you should be able to go to 9 in April. Like if you just anticipate. You did.

Speaker B: Yes. Well 905 here. So let's just. How about I do this? I, I'll just start from here. So 920 in April and whatever we have there. I'll just, just, I don't know. I, I, let's see. I'll think about it and Then I'll just come up with the numbers. But I think I'll start from 920 in April and 940 for May. I'll just.

Speaker A: So you'll basically just trend. Before you were trending from 800 up. Now you're going to trend from your new base, which is nine.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I think I'll just stay at 970 or 970, perhaps go up to 1000 and stay there till the end of the year.

Speaker C: And.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: And so are you able to do this before? Because Brittany wants to use this to plug into our forecast this month or, sorry, this week. So the sooner you get that done, the better for her. And so maybe let's just start at the top on the other items to show home. Because based on timing, because what we noticed in here was so for chocolate, for instance, for chocolate favas, we stopped those in. I shut those off in June. And you should actually zero them out past October too, because we, like we just said we're going to zero that out. The salad toppers I kept as is. But I just wanted to ask you, based on like you kind of have the 500 other that you're using, you're still fine on those numbers,

Speaker B: Right?

Speaker A: Or would you. 40. You could flat it out at 40.

Speaker B: Sure. Yeah. Probably practically we're not doing that much. So. Okay.

Speaker A: And then same for this one. That was kind of like you actually did really great in March on that item. Like over 80 units. So we don't have buy box issues on this item. Right. So I. But you went from 15 to 80.

Speaker B: Well, I'm not entirely sure if this is because of advertisement. I cannot take credit for everything.

Speaker A: Okay. So I would rather leave it conservatively where you're at. Or would you top that? Would you make that a little more aggressive? Like it's. I'm fine with conservative at this. I know what items are pushing the.

Speaker D: What.

Speaker A: What items we're pushing on Amazon. So that's okay to leave that and then your snacks to go. You'll get. You'll up that to the new 900 trend. The cheddar. So you can see here the cheddar. Did I zero those out, Britney?

Speaker B: Yes, I think I did.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I zeroed those out as in going away. But you know what, can you add one more month back? Because I saw we still have stock. Maybe add 42, like April and May, because we're still moving through stock and by June they'll probably be not fulfilled anymore.

Speaker B: Okay, 42 for these and these okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then the five pack. So again, just conservative there. And then you can see here as well. I did the same on these Sea Salt Lime 40s. They'll be probably not fulfilled by the end of June again. So I zeroed them out to the end of the year and then the three pack here, I think we're fine. This was the one. Is this the chickpeas or. Yeah. So this is the buy box issue. Bought one right now, right?

Speaker B: Oh, this one. Yeah. We still did close to 70 what we forecasted, so we probably can stay there.

Speaker A: Okay. Even without the buy box. Hey, yeah. Interesting. Okay, so we'll leave that there.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And then Camelina Oil, some growth there built in, you can see. Oh, so these sea salt lentils, actually I would probably zero. I think we're out of stock on those and we're not going to fulfill them. Yeah. Oh, so you can.

Speaker C: The actual.

Speaker A: But not.

Speaker C: Yeah, I'm just looking. I think you said. Because starting in July they're zeroed out. I think that's what we.

Speaker A: Well, no, I think we're currently out of stock and we're not going to fulfill them. So it's like an immediate.

Speaker C: If Amazon has some though.

Speaker A: Yeah. I'm just looking on his inventory report here.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Roasted lentils barbecue. Where's the roasted lentils? Sea salt, 40 gram. Total units. There's two available and there's none inbound. So should I just check him? I would zero out in April, basically. Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: Two there.

Speaker A: Two or two. Yeah.

Speaker C: There you go.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: All right. And then there was.

Speaker A: And then same with chocolate. Just October after October there's zero out because I don't think we'll fulfill again.

Speaker B: Right. October after October. Yeah. You did it already. Oh, here.

Speaker A: Oh no, yeah, because I reactivated them end of year again. I just did the Amazon shut off time, but they'll be. We won't bring them back at the end of the year.

Speaker B: Okay, so you want me to zero them?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And then favas are good. Good. Okay. Yeah. And so that changed all your. This is all pulling right into line 57. Right.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So can. Do you mind just totaling that up for me? Show home. What's the March to December total revenue for Amazon Ca. We're saying then. Great. Okay. So yeah, so that's still really good.

Speaker C: Even with this is live. Right. So that is with what we took out.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Right. Plus we have Q1 on there. So the actuals of Q1 plus that it's like a. Almost a $500,000 channel

Speaker B: right. This number doesn't look close to. I don't know if it is just because of the last one or two days, but it should be close to 39,000.

Speaker A: Okay, well because you're 880 to 905 on a 30 item, so that's probably the. Yeah, okay, perfect.

Speaker B: Okay. So.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: So if you just make sure you do the snacks to go there and then. Yeah, that's great for this and so maybe let's jump to the US Too.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: So our first question on the U.S. was is this in Canadian dollars or U.S. oh, it's.

Speaker B: It's in U.S. dollar.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Can we just make a note. Note somewhere Just because I know we're going to ask you that every single time. Because our forecast, our forecast document is. You should ask Brittany. Yeah. Ask Natasha H. What conversion we're using or if it. If it converts. If the US Channels are entered in USD and then she converts it. Or if you have to pre convert it before you put your numbers in there. Yeah, I do know at the top

Speaker C: there it does say like what the conversion rate is.

Speaker A: Yeah, ask her on all US channels, is it. Do you plug in the US dollar and it converts or do you have to re. Pre convert and then plug in the actuals. Yeah.

Speaker C: Oh dear.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, cool. Okay, so I guess same thing you see here on the chocolate that we did here. Show home. Chickpeas are fine. Babas, you're fine. Toppers till the end. Maybe head down to snacks to go on this a little bit. How did we. I know. March. We just got stock back in.

Speaker B: No, it's still not available.

Speaker A: It's still not available? What? I thought we sold some in March.

Speaker B: I don't think so. Okay, let's take a look.

Speaker C: Good news report.

Speaker B: I could see, I could see the report, right? Yeah. No, we just have nine units available. I don't know when it became.

Speaker C: And then why are. My question is why are all those reserved? There's like 192. They're reserved.

Speaker B: Yeah. That's because they're still receiving it and they're transferring between their fulfillment centers. All those stuff. Yes. So you're right that we sold some units. Probably just around four units.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's what I'm seeing. So his, his report that he pulled here says there's 201 units total for our inbound 196 FC transfer.

Speaker B: Mm. Yeah.

Speaker A: So what does that mean? How long till they're saleable? The 196, if they're in FC transfer.

Speaker B: Well, they are sellable even now. Okay, but. But the delivery window will be much longer.

Speaker A: Yeah, we need to like fill the pipe so that it takes a long time. Because it takes a long time to deliver. Okay. So I'll flag this for them to look at too. So because are you saying you. This item will sell in April? You have product that's going to sell?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Because you're saying hopefully 40 units.

Speaker B: Hopefully this. Yeah. And this is the most promising item I'd say. So let's see.

Speaker A: Yeah. So this forecast that you have here on the snacks to go in the US because you basically treated it as we zeroed. Now we're almost kind of starting again. Would this be similar numbers that you would use on the new Item, the. The 18 times 28 gram variety when we put it on in Canada?

Speaker B: Well, whatever we do, it will be an assumption. Yeah, why not?

Speaker A: But do you use this same base?

Speaker B: Yeah, probably. But the challenge is we don't have any review on that one. So it will probably take a while to get some. See some traction.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Compared to these.

Speaker A: So you know what Brittany, for our, just for our timeline and assumption purposes, we're gonna kind of probably just use these very conservative numbers show home for the new variety because we reforecast every quarter. So we'll be super conservative on the, on the new item with this. And then come Q3 we'll be able to like actually have a three month trend or whatever and then we can build it up from there. Yeah. Okay. Okay, cool. And then the only other things was. So yeah, that dill pickle, 40 gram. We just gotta watch that because we have inventory. We have to move it. It's way too expensive to write it all off. So. Okay, hopefully that starts and then I notice 5 liter. So that will have to be built back into your dashboard. Is that in the Canada one? Sit in the Canon. Sorry, I'm jumping back to Canada.

Speaker B: Okay. I don't. I just have this one two pack 500 milliliters.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: So the five liter that we're working on, that will have to be added. Yeah. Added and taken into account. It'll probably be very similar attributes. Because you're doing your audit on the Camelin oil page, right?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So also it'll be similar with. For the 5 liter.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker D: 4.

Speaker B: I also think that the potential for Camelina oil in terms of growth probably will not be very similar to the snack to go item because I don't see that much demand in Canada. In the U.S. i think it's more in terms of surge volume and all.

Speaker A: Okay, okay. Okay. So where are you at on that show home in terms of sending your review?

Speaker B: Well, I have made some progress. I do have some questions about. You mentioned. I mean I appreciate some information about how it's useful for pets. So.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'll probably not make that a. Make that the focus of the listing. Definitely not. But yeah, I'll just mention that in one of the bullet points, probably in one of the images. That's what I'm thinking of.

Speaker A: I see. Okay. Yeah, so primarily, definitely as a cooking oil, like it's basically the smoke point everything. I should even like, I should, you know what, show home. I should send you product. You can you email us your email address so we can just send you some of the products that we actually sell? Because even the bottle has all of the attributes like the smoke point, the omega 3, the cold pressing, like those are all big words in the oil. And then yes, secondary wise, literally how a dog uses it, you put, you just pour a tablespoon on their food. It's like, it's like how you would take a supplement. It's used as a supplement. So you drizzle on their food and they eat it. And because it's high in omega 3, they get a very shiny coat.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Vitamin E, I guess.

Speaker C: And we can't make any arthritis claims. Is that true?

Speaker A: No, we can't really. We. So the issue with camelina oil, you can't necessarily say camelina oil does these things, but Omega 3s do these things. That's kind of how the word is. Like there is research and stats about that. Omega 3s contribute to the overall health and contribute to all of these things. You can't say camelina oil does. It's omega 3s that are doing it. And Camelina oil is rich in omega 3.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: Because I'd say maybe like I don't know, 10, 5 to 10% of our comments on these on Facebook are saying that they bought them for their dog and it cured their arthritis.

Speaker A: Yeah. So yeah, it's basically Omega 3s. It's code health and joint health for pets.

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: Promotes coat health. Promotes shiny coat and joint. Overall joint health for pets.

Speaker B: Yeah, right. That's all I can see here too. So these are all the. Some of the. Yeah. Arthritis. You'll see the mention of arthritis here. Skin as an allergic mess. So yeah. Similar to what you're saying.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. So yes, I'll have this ready pretty soon. Probably in another Week. I'll have it ready and I'll let you know if I need any more information regarding this product. And apart from these, by the way, did you want to discuss anything else?

Speaker A: The only other thing was just. So the new item, we are still tracking to get that set up done. So you just. The most urgent thing you need from us is that GS1 certificate, right?

Speaker B: That's right, yes.

Speaker A: And Brittany and Annabelle. I know Annabelle's not here. Did you guys get clarity on that email that you received about something? I just saw an email. This is morning. Okay.

Speaker C: Emailed it to show home. Did you see that email we sent? Yeah. About.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Because is that that item?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker C: Say that again.

Speaker B: We created that case. Yes.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. So that was. You show home. That wasn't anything weird. We know that.

Speaker B: No, no.

Speaker A: That's about this new item, isn't it?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: And I saw that, Brittany, you sent me some new images from a new graphic design.

Speaker C: Yes. So you said the first one got rejected, right? Yeah. So are there changes you would like me to make or are you just using the photo of the bag?

Speaker B: Just photo of the bag for now. I'll need to think of what else we can do because, well, this one is not being accepted. So that's another topic about the new designer. Do you like the designs better? Do you think his or her work is better than the previous designer?

Speaker A: So she actually used to do. She filled Britney's mat leave about a year or two ago or whenever that was. So she knows the company well because we have just better communication with her. I think we'll be able to just. I think we'll be able to get better quality. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Hey, Brittany.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then.

Speaker C: So what I was confused. I was going to send you that. I know that you sent examples too. And then I came across these ones as I was just doing some research. And like this is quite separate. Hey, so is that because it's the product or.

Speaker A: Or that.

Speaker C: My other question was, should we put them in this so that we can say things on the box here or what's your suggestion?

Speaker B: No, you're definitely right. This is a good example. And you know what, Brittany, what I tried to do with the picture that you. The image that you gave me was to set up one experiment. So what I will try to do is just change the main image on the actual product and see that messes up anything or if that gets accepted.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Because the rest of it is exactly what we're doing.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker C: Like this is everything that you had sent Me like it's really just this one that's different.

Speaker B: I'm not sure that's an actual box. That's one another confusion that. That I have. Is that how they package it? No, no.

Speaker C: It's such a big pack. We should again, we should send you. Please send us here because it's such a big pack. That's. Yeah, it's much bigger.

Speaker A: Yeah. So Brittany, do you want to make sure you get show home's address and then we should just send him an assortment of these items. Yeah.

Speaker C: This whole brand has the products separate,

Speaker B: but they do that many people do that. I don't know why it's not. It's probably because we are trying to add text. That's why in this case it even looks better.

Speaker C: If you compare these two. This like pure protein compared to like just the simply protein. Like the other one was much more eye catching. Right?

Speaker B: Definitely. Yeah. If you look at this brand called. Are you in the US right now? No. Can you go to Amazon Us.

Speaker C: Switch mine.

Speaker B: Search for no sugar. You have to. You'll have to change the zip code from there. Deliver to.

Speaker C: That's why I like going to just Amazon.com because my stuff's already in there.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Search for zero. No sugar cookies. Let's see if it comes up. You see that the third example, high key. See how this. They're the fourth one.

Speaker C: Sorry, which one's like. Oh, high key. Oh yeah. Interesting coming out, right?

Speaker B: Yeah,

Speaker C: Yeah. I try to always look at bag examples too because obviously like people who are similar to us are really only doing what we're doing. Like just these bags, like it's. It's tougher. Boxes are so much easier to photograph design. Yeah.

Speaker A: Oh yeah, they totally are. Bags are weird.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: I get so jealous every time I see someone have a stack of like boxes. I'm like, man, such a good photo.

Speaker A: Yeah,

Speaker C: yeah. They all have an external one. So is this something you would like me to. To get done and try.

Speaker B: Well, we could definitely taste that. But my primary intention was to add somehow add the word healthy on the main image. See if you could also look into some of these examples and see, you see on that other picture they added one. What do you say?

Speaker A: Sticker photo of our snacks to go one too. So you have it.

Speaker C: Say that again. Show them.

Speaker B: If you scroll it down, scroll down a little bit. Do you see one product? The third product, Mosh, I think Mosh Blue Ray Blueberry one. Yeah, that one. You see they have added stickers on it.

Speaker C: Is there a difference between Amazon.com and CA. Like are we seeing this on CA everywhere? I haven't, but that's the problem is I feel like all the brands I'm always looking at are.

Speaker B: Or maybe people are not experimenting that much in the ca. It's not that competitive.

Speaker A: I just sent you to their show home. Just the front of pack image of our new one. It's a little more. Has like claims and stuff right on it.

Speaker C: So they have. So in Canada, this is these two, these simply protein and this Catalina Crunch. They have this little icon here.

Speaker B: Yeah. So we'll have to do something like this so that they don't detect it as a. I don't know, we just have to try a bunch of different things probably to get an idea of what will work.

Speaker A: They put the video too.

Speaker B: But my intention is to just include the word healthy. If we cannot include the entire thing that I suggested.

Speaker C: Healthy. I just don't know where you would put healthy.

Speaker A: You're saying you're going to work it into the description. Hey, show home and see if that works to start. But you also want it there.

Speaker C: You want it visually. That's the problem.

Speaker B: Exactly.

Speaker C: Because right now we have does this in projects. Yeah. She added a background so I had to tell her that they can't. But this is what got rejected.

Speaker B: Mm.

Speaker C: Just already so busy. I'm like, how do you add healthy?

Speaker A: Are you able, Is she able to like. So this is a question because you're trying to make it part of the pack. So right now she's making it a green banner. Like can she just take my the pack image? So for instance, I sent you just in the chat, could she just not do the green banner and just take the pack image and redesign the front of it a little bit to say healthy roasted snack at the top and resend you a 2D.

Speaker B: There's a risk with that. So in that case, we are, we are changing the packaging design. Right. And then if we send inventory to Amazon and if the fulfillment people, they see, oh, it's a different packaging than what we're receiving, they will say, oh, it's a different product, can't receive it.

Speaker A: Right. Okay. So because basically you're saying it has to look like an add on because it's not part of the pack, but

Speaker B: at the same time it has to

Speaker C: have a detection part of the pack for it to be accepted.

Speaker A: That's the line we're walking. Yeah. Because what you're almost trying to do is you know how lots of people will add like a new Like a new something to the pack or a new tag. You're just trying to say healthy roasted crunch instead of new. So. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: There just aren't any examples where there's like a separate banner.

Speaker A: You know what I mean?

Speaker C: Like, they'll have like this. Unless you want to try this. Like this tag.

Speaker B: Sure, yeah. Yeah, Tag works. I tried that for one supplement brand in the uk that works.

Speaker C: Don't know where. Where you add it. Like, because we have this here. Like, our pack is so full.

Speaker A: Give it to the designer. Let her do the thinking. Just give her examples and say, here's the challenge. I need you to do the thinking. Give me some options. Yeah.

Speaker C: I'm like, just look at the bag. Just on its own.

Speaker A: It's like, sorry, I do I need to jump off, get ready for my next meeting. But just for takeaways from this. So show home. You have the takeaways on the forecast? Doc, we have the forecast, so thank you for that. Brittany has what she needs to plug in. And then in terms of the new items set up, I believe everybody's already working. The most urgent thing is the GS1 certificate that you need to continue. But it sounds like Annabelle's getting you everything you need for the. That as well. Or for the back end. Other stuff.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, cool. All right, awesome. And then, so I guess are we wanting to move these meetings bi weekly starting now? Where? Because what we know is we can still talk to you in between the bi weeklies, but this bi weekly meeting is more like a overall business review. Like, where are there any inventory flags? Where are we at with the new item setup? So obviously all the work happening in between here, but why don't we put our next meeting out two weeks? Brittany, if you want to move the cadence.

Speaker B: Sure, yeah, let's do that.

Speaker A: And then, of course, you guys are talking in between on. On some of the action items.

Speaker D: Cool.

Speaker B: Sounds good.

Speaker A: All right. Okay, thanks, everybody.

Speaker C: Have a good day.

Speaker B: Thank you. Have a wonderful day. Bye now.

Speaker A: By.

