Transcript for: Sohpie_society_Day_2.mp4
Title: Sohpie society Day 2
============================================================

Two. Let's go. Hey, you guys aren't supposed to see that far. And get it a little closer. There we go. What's going on, everybody? Welcome, guys. Everyone's flowing in here. This is great. Happy Tuesday. Welcome to day two of the challenge. Are we ready to rock and roll? Oh, I got to get my chats up so I can see you guys chatting in real time. I got a special screen just for you this time so I can keep an eye on what you guys say. I hope you guys are. I. Some of you guys got a little confused with the sheet last night. I mean, dude, who doesn't know how to use Google Drive these days, right? No, I'm just kidding. I'm not ripping on you guys. Well, I am, but. No, I found a better way to do it, actually, for the. For the next handouts, there's a way to do it where it just says template. So if any of you guys got confused about making the copy on your own drive and then editing that solved it. Fixed it. You know, I got that engineering mind. Cool. Oh, it's so great. I get to keep an eye on you guys without having my phone nearby. So I see Julie says, good morning, Susan. Good morning, Diana. Ready, Ephraim? Nice. What's up, man? Annalise. What's up, Alvaro? Cool. Let's rock and roll, guys. We have so much to cover today. It's a wild day. I even have a few things where I was like, we might not make it, and if so, I'll push it to tomorrow because it's pretty ambitious. What I tried to squeeze in here, but like I said to you guys yesterday, I'm going off my own experience. Like, I really hate webinars that take three hours, and, like, the first 40 minutes is the intro. It just. I hate it. I really hate. I always have. You know, time is our most valuable currency. But that doesn't mean that we don't get silly, right? We don't mess around and get silly. We just have to talk even faster afterwards. Go for lost time. That's. That's the secret. You got to be able to talk like an auctioneer. Do I hear three? Do I hear three? That's me. All right, enough silliness, guys. Let's rock. We got three. We're three minutes in. Looks like most of the people are already in the room, so that's great. Mods, hammer on the people that aren't in yet. Oh, quick reminder, guys. If you're not using your real name in Zoom, please do, because that's how the mods know if you came or not and if you're coming every day but it's not being recorded that you came. You won't get the certificate of completion at the end, which I know for some of you, you don't care about that, that's fine. But for some of you, that actually really matters to be Sophie certified haven't gone through our week long program. So just make sure that you change your zoom name now to whatever your real name is or your name that you registered with is, because that's the name that we have in our system. Cool. Nice. I see Hope Antonio Mutlu again who came to my office hours yesterday. That was great. Cool. Cool. Mish. What's up, Mish? Sandeep. Nice. Love having that. Love having the fam in there. All right, we are going to start. Let's rock and roll, guys. If anybody's not in here yet, they'll catch up with us. So let me just share my screen. I'm going to ask you guys just to verify that you see it. Share my whole screen and just tell me if you see day two. Oh, what in the. Oh, I hit the wrong button. Cool. I'm low on sleep. Nice. There we go. That should work. You got my little remote control over here. Are you guys seeing this? You're seeing my face and the screen. I see a lot of thumbs up. So it's looking like a yes. Where do I put this? Dude, now I have too many devices. Honestly, I realized yesterday I have too many things to charge. Like, I have to plug in so many things. I've got headphones, I've got phone, I got this tablet. I gotta slim down. All right, let's jam through this. So day two, as you guys remember, this is mostly focused on the launch phase. So we're going to cover quite a few things, Some directly related to the launch phase, some generally ancillarily related. We're going to go a lot into sponsored products because that's the primary type of advertising that you use during the launch phase. We're going to go into keyword research, actually. Why am I getting ahead of myself? I have a slide that shows all this, but yeah. So back to the Amazon product lifecycle map. You. You guys remember there's launch expand harvest. Obviously this is simplified, guys. Like, we had a few people that like, oh, it was. If this is true, then my product's been in harvest for years. Well, it probably has, honestly. And second of all, products can jump in between them. This is a framework. So that you understand generally how to view things, and it just gives you frameworks. Eli. So I'm a musician. I was touring in a rock band for years, actually not straight, but for summers called the Waffle Stompers. Best time of my life. Being on tour was so much fun. When you're learning music, you learn the scales so that you can then break the scales and break the rules. But you can't know what rules to break with unless you learn them first. So that. That's similar with vbc. Like, I'm teaching you guys a lot of frameworks and stuff. It doesn't mean that it's like rigidly followed 100% of the time. These are the frameworks to give you the foundation. And then when you become a real artist at doing this really, really well, then you can, you know, bend and break the rules as you, as you please. So good music doesn't, like, follow a scale, like, note by note, right? It's like people breaking rules. That's what jazz is. It's hitting weird notes and bending them back up and stuff like that. For all you musician musicians out there, you know what I'm talking about. Mixolydian, baby. My favorite mode musician jokes. Anyway, all right, before we get into the actual, like, auctioneer style super fast content, I want to make some recognitions because over the last day, even though we're only one day in, some of you guys are really standing out, helping each other out, asking questions, getting your challenges addressed, engaging with the mentors, showing up to office hours. So in the kings group, just want to recognize Marcus, Leon, Tanya, Ephraim, Michael, Artem, John, Andy, and, And, oh, Tanya, you're on there twice. You get double recognition. How cool. And knights I want to recognize Sunley, Brandy, Adventist, Jeff, Maria, Julie, Tara, Joan, Tiffany, Heather, Rosemary, Tammy, Kara, Susan, Sandra, Christy, Marty, Cindi, Mark, Annette, David, Griffin, jw, Jake, and James. You guys are rocking and rolling. Now, this is not to shame the rest of you guys, right? All of you guys are, you know, you're all beautiful snowflakes, but. But these guys are really showing up. I'm going to do this again tomorrow. So if you're not on this list, you can get on the list and, you know, be a teacher's pet or whatever. But in all seriousness, like I told you guys yesterday, I do this because I like community. I'm not into the, like, webinar things. I never have been. It's just not my style. And this is kind of how we run inside Sophie, too. So now we're Kind of bringing you guys into our world. And yeah, I just like it. I like the community aspect of things. It's my favorite, my favorite part of anything that I do. Like I told you guys, I actually used to live in like a, a big co op, which is not a commune. There's a difference. Communes share income, co ops just share costs. So wasn't like, you know, total hippie style. All right, so we'll get into this launch framework today. You guys are going to get one of the crib card decks. You're going to get the launch deck. What you're looking at right now is the whole deck. I'm actually now realizing that this is an image of our old deck. We now have an updated deck for those of you that have been to previous challenges, I think about maybe 20, 30 of you guys have been to the previous challenge. You'll get a new deck this time that has even more information on each card. Now, it tells you not just the basics of how to set up the campaign, but every single element of how to set up the campaign and even some information about how to optimize the campaign over time. So it's pretty amazing. Again, you know, like I told you guys yesterday when we did the shop review behind the shop review ads, I'm giving you guys everything that I wish I had to accelerate my understanding of how to make PPC actually effective, to grow brands profitably. And this is something I wish I had just straight up, hey, man, when you're in this condition, this stage of your brand or this stage of the product, start these campaigns and this is how you set up each one. That's literally what we're going to share with you. So that's one of the handouts from today that you guys are going to get is the launch deck. And yeah, so today we're talking about launching and ranking. Infused into that is a lot of other things. KPIs, measurement, keyword research. I actually think I have the next slide will show all of it, but this stuff works. You know, I shared with you guys a ton of screenshots yesterday, but we have so many cases where we take over a brand and we're like, oh, obviously, you know, this is a great product, great brand. All it needs is the right campaign structure. And it only takes a couple months to completely turn things around sometimes. Now, obviously you have to have a good product, good ratings in order for this to work. You need your click through rate and your conversion rate to be at least at benchmark, meaning at least matching the market of the top ranking competitors and you need at least a 4.3 star rating and good customer experience of the product. Now if you don't have some of those things, don't panic. We're actually going to cover some of that and how some really cool long term fixes and quick fixes for all of those problems that I just mentioned if you're not there. But yeah, those, those are the underlying requirements for these things to actually work really, really well and take off. So all the screenshots and I'm showing you guys of these like epic growth stories that we've been able to achieve, they are with those types of products, good products, it's not really feasible, although we have done it with products under a four star rating. It's not worth it to spend your money on advertising when you're not converting as well as competitors because you might as well have just spent that money on getting better converting content. So which is actually something that you can do with Sophie if you ever choose to. Now there are four, I alluded to this yesterday, four basic things a campaign can do. We call these the campaign goal types. You can rank profit shield or conduct research. And these are very distinct. And how you measure the effectiveness of the campaign is based on what the goal of the campaign was. So if I have a ranking campaign up and it's a single keyword exact match ranking campaign, I'm not going to measure it based on trying to hit a profitable acos, because that's not the point. In fact, if my acos is really low, I'm probably actually not spending enough or going aggressively on that ranking campaign because the purpose is not to generate profit. The purpose is to lose the least amount of money possible while using PPC to gain organic rank so that my tacos goes down. Even though my ACOs for that campaign would be above average for my campaigns. Right. Same with shielding campaigns. So shielding campaigns have a double benefit. They both get you lean sales, which are good most of the time they're low a cost when you're shielding means. We're going to go into this in depth tomorrow, but you're either advertising on your own branded terms or advertising on your own other ASINs. So it's like taking up your own real estate on Amazon. So for a shielding campaign you're not, you're not just trying to get lean sales, you're also trying to keep competitors from making your customers click off of the listing that they're already on. So there's a double benefit that's not Actually showing up in the, in the KPIs. Right. Profit campaigns, those are straightforward. You're going to measure them based on ACOs. That's how the effectiveness of those are measured. Research campaigns should be very budget restricted and they should be focused on generating new profitable targets that you then put into ranking campaigns or profit campaigns. Right. By the way, don't, don't worry about reading everything on the screen here. Just grabbing my prebiotic, low sugar soda drink here. I'm normally a tea guy, guys, but you know, this is a crazy week. Don't worry about memorizing all this. You guys are going to get the decks and also it's going to be completely updated. But today we're focusing on launch, which is primarily concerned with these two types of campaigns, rank campaigns and research campaigns. You do a little bit of shielding. I'll get into that in a moment. You're not putting in place campaigns that are for the purpose of those campaigns themselves generating profit. That comes later once you have the momentum with the product to be able to demand campaigns with that type of performance. In this stage, you're primarily trying to determine what targets you should be targeting and then using your ad spend to drive organic rank for those targets. Because if you go right off the bat just trying to generate profitable campaigns, it's just unfeasible, frankly. So that's a little note there. I'm realizing that I got to plug in my laptop so it doesn't die on me. How embarrassing would that be? All right, so goals during launch, establish rank, get sales velocity. Your North Star is reaching a profitable tacos, meaning total average cost of sale. That's my advertising spend divided by my total revenue, not my advertising spend divided by my ad revenue. That's a cost. And then collect data, PPC data and customer data. So these are the four goals that we're trying to achieve during a launch. Ranking, getting sales velocity going. Establishing, getting to a profitable tacos in the future and collecting data, PPC data so that we can have better targeting. That's the point. Now here's the old way. This is like the really old way. Most people are not doing this anymore. And actually sometimes it is appropriate. Like I said, there's times to bend rules. But this is what used to be the kind of going wisdom which is we like to think of it as like starting with an empty block. You basically just go in blind, launch a new product, turn on auto campaigns with high spend and then you allow Amazon to determine which of those auto which of what keywords are Performing well. And they generate the data that you then use to create broad and phrase match campaigns with those keywords so that you know, okay, what exact search terms are converting well, and then you slowly get sharper and sharper and sharper and a clearer and clearer and clearer picture on what that search term family looks like that is performing will perform well for you. But the problem, and this works, okay, this works. The problem with it is, is that you waste a ton of ad spend doing this because you're making Amazon, you're basically paying Amazon to live test on the market if keywords are good or not. And they're going to try a lot of stuff. Like if you look at the search term reports of auto campaigns with high budgets, I mean, Amazon seems to get desperate. It's like advertising you on, on terms that you know aren't relevant at all sometimes. So it's this way is not optimal. The better way looks more like this. We're not starting with a blank slate. We're starting with a picture of what we think it'll look like. And then we sort of alter that picture over time by doing a ton of research up front. And we're going to be talking through that today. And those of you guys that have been through past challenges, you know, we've evolved this even more since the last time we, we held this in September. So make sure you still pay attention. So the new way is instead of just starting with auto campaigns and letting them run and letting Amazon spend your budget to do your research for you, you do the research. You conduct thorough keyword research ahead of time to determine what search terms have the highest probability of converting. This is all theoretical before you do a product launch though, because you don't have any actual data from the real sales. The most valuable data you can get is from the actual search term reports and search query report from your own sales from the product. We'll get into that in detail in a little bit. But so the, the point here is we do very thorough keyword research upfront. Then we launch exact match campaigns for an initial set of keywords that we determined were likely to convert. Well, then as we run, we start to collect data back from how those campaigns are doing and we adjust our bids and budgets according to what's performing well. Then we start to spin up some discovery campaigns or research campaigns, which is broad match campaigns, phrase match campaigns, heavily negated and bid restricted auto campaigns of all four match types and expanded product targeting campaigns. These are all the types of campaigns that generate new targets for you and then with a high bid restriction on it so it doesn't go crazy on spend. And then what you get is this living system where it's destined to perform pretty well from the get. But you also still have new DNA coming in. So what happens if you don't have any of the discovery campaigns is it gets stale. You actually are still going on hypothetical data from your research. You're not getting any new data from Amazon. And that's the other extreme. That's also bad because your campaigns get stale over time. There's no new data, new DNA coming in, and then your performance will continue to drop. So this is the in between where you do a lot of research up front, you come up with your hypotheses, you launch those campaigns for performance, and then over time, you allow Amazon to find new targets. But you heavily restrict it. You don't let it go crazy because we all know Amazon would love to spend our whole budget. So during a launch, just remember, profit is not the point. Can you launch prop. Can you launch completely profitable? Yeah. And I'm actually going to share with you guys some, some stories, recent stories of how we've done this. But you just got to remember, like, I mean, it's really common, especially for new brand owners, to kind of panic during a launch. If you're, if your KPIs are way out of whack, your ACOS is like 500% or something like that, and you're just, you're not even close to ranking or something. Yeah, there's a problem. But if Your ACOS is 80% or something like that, or 90% and you're gaining rank over time and your tacos is dropping, it's. That's okay. You're actually, you're on the right path even though none of your campaigns are profitable. That's normal. That is a normal thing. So we like to split launches into three phases. In reality, there's two major phases. You start off with the information that you came up with during your research, hypothetically, and then you get real sales data and start implementing that into the launch. But if you want to get granular, you can separate a launch into three phases. And this is what you guys will see when you get the product lifecycle infographic, we call them. Establish, optimize, catapult. Right? So establish. You have no real sales data to go off of. You're only going off of the data from the research you've done in advance, which is the process we're walking through today that you guys are Going to learn. Your goal is to get initial sales, velocity conduct, start getting real data and start indexing for the keywords. Then after a few weeks you have real sales data. So now you go back in and you have new data sources. You have the search term report, you have the search query report. These things don't populate unless you have real sales. So there are Amazon keyword sources that you can get. If you don't have sales, we're going to go through that too. That's Product Opportunity Explorer, that's the, the brand analytics top search terms. But the most valuable data is from your actual sales. So during the optimize you're actually taking that data and now you have data from your actual sales, what's doing well and what's not. And then you're adjusting bids, you're adjusting your budgets, you're negating keywords that don't work. You're advancing keywords that are working well that you didn't think were and you're adding new keywords in. Then catapult is when, now that you've done that optimize process now you should have a pretty clear picture on truly, not just based on your hypothesis, but what really is working on what terms have the highest relevance, highest conversion with the highest possible sales and volume and you start to ramp those and that's when you can ranking. That's why that part is called catapult because you've got the necessary data from both sources, your own research beforehand and, and the altered data that you, you brought in during the optimized phase and then you can just juice it and you start driving more of your budget towards the things that are really working and ramping down the things that aren't. And then that's when you can start to truly rank if you have a really good product. So general framework again guys, you know, know the rules to break the rules. But I'm keeping it simple for you. So when you're in a launch, remember we talked about yesterday how there's two main categories of advertising on Amazon? There's ads that show up in search and there's ads that show up on product pages. We're focused mostly on search because those are the ones that drive keyword ranking the most powerfully. Now can ads on product pages alone drive keyword ranking? Sure, it's just not as powerful like we discussed yesterday where top of search and rest of search at top of search is more powerful at driving rank because it has higher click through rate, a higher conversion rate, just statistically but it's also way more expensive. So sales velocity in general from people searching terms, somehow finding a product and then buying it is how you get ranking. However you want to get that sales velocity, you got to get it. Okay, so we'll talk through this in a little bit more detail as well. I'm kind of doing a broad overview right now. So when it comes to the breakdown of these three ad types, right, we're like heavy on sponsored products. Sponsored brands we're going to use as well. Sponsored display you'll likely not use at all unless it's a very high price product or it's a consumables product. But even if it's a consumables product, you will likely want to hold off on sponsored display until you're through the launch phase, or at least until you're at the end of the launch phase. So, you know, this little graphic that you see on the screen is what you can kind of put in your mind to remember. I'm a very visual person, so I like to have visuals, which is why I create all these visuals for you guys. You're mostly focused on sponsored products and sponsored brands. Now that breakdown, even that can be altered if you have really great brand assets or your product is more of a passion product. There's utility products and there's passion products. Right. A utility product would be like this jar. You know, it's somewhat commoditized and there are ways to totally plenty of ways to differentiate through the packaging, what you include in it and all that stuff. But it's for utility. You know, I drink water out of the jar disrespectfully. This mug though, this is more passion. I'm a big tea drinker. My good friend actually gave me this mug. It's got mountains and water on it and it just relaxes me and I like to drink it. That's more passion because it's based on design. So more passion, design based products or if you have a lot of creative assets, the balance is going to be more sponsored brands than sponsored products. So now let's talk about placements. We talked about the different ad types and how they break down during launch. Looks something like this. Now let's talk about placements. There's three main placements for sponsored products ads. There's top up search, rest of search and product pages. And you're going to see. I'm going to show you guys how to see the breakdown of your placements in today's session. But you're going to see when you Run these ads where you're being placed. So what percentage of your campaign's sales are coming from top of search versus rest of search versus product pages. And although you can't perfectly control this, you can affect it using bid adjusters and we're going to talk through how to use those today. So what placement drives the most powerful ranking impact? We've already said it quite a few times guys. Maybe you can just type it into the chat so I don't have to repeat it. See if anybody remembers. Out of the three, top of search. Yes. Nice. Good. Guys, you are paying attention. Great. Yeah. Top of search provides the best ranking impact. I haven't seen a single person say anything but top of search. So that's good. And you guys are right. So that that drives the best ranking impact. That is an indisputable truth in my view. When it comes to pound for pound, one sale from top of search versus one sale from rest of search, that top of search sale is going to have a better ranking impact than the rest of search or the product page of sale. But when it comes to ad spend, that's a more nuanced question because that depends on how you're performing. Top of search versus rest of search versus product pages. Top of search is usually the most expensive placement. It has the highest cost per clicks. But if it's performing really badly for you then, and it's way different than the rest of search and product pages for whatever reason, then it may be that not sale for sale but dollar for dollar, I get a better impact by focusing more of my ad spend on rest of search or product pages because of how much better I perform there. And I just sheer sales volume makes up for the difference in the click through rate that top of search gets as its its added benefit. So if dollar for dollar, I spend $100 to get 5 sales on rest of search, where I would have to spend a hundred dollars to get one sale on top of search, man, that's a big difference. You know, if that's me, I'd be dedicating more of my ad spend to restive search. And that's our philosophy inside Sophie Society. And it works. So this is it. You know, I see a lot of LinkedIn posts and stuff like this about this question. What drives rank? Is it top of search only or is rest of search and product pages also included in there? A sponsored brand video driving rank at all? I saw posters last week that was claiming sponsored brand video doesn't drive rank at all. And that's not in line with our experience. So the answer to this question what drives rank? Is single keyword exact match. Top of search campaigns is like the foundation. Rest of search and product pages sales from keyword targeting also drives rank and sponsored brand video keyword targeting also drives rank and in fact all of them can drive rank quite powerfully. It just depends on how you're performing. So that's the answer and that's the basis of the framework that we're covering today. Okay, so we're going to get into keyword research today, but I'm going to cover a general framework before we get into this, which is there are a lot of ways to organize keywords and I would say usually they fit into two primary categories organizing by likeness, which is either search term family. Another way to say that is semantic core or root or by shopper intent. Okay, so we're grouping like keywords together. Either they have the same shopper intent or the same route. And then the other way is grouping them by search volume, which have my high search volume keywords, my medium search volume keywords, my medium low, and then my low search volume keywords. That's the other way. The best way to organize your keywords is by search term family, not by search volume. And the reason is because this allows you to use the data from your PPC much more effectively to have an impact on your PPC performance and on your conversion and on your click through rate by changing your, your assets, the product assets themselves like the thumbnail and the, the listing. So this is the way that we're going through today to do keyword research and keyword aggregation is by search term family. And this is what I would encourage all of you guys to do. This is what your, your actions for today are going to be based off of is organizing keywords by search family and then organizing your campaigns in your portfolio as well, all matching the same organizational structure. So let's go through the launch structure. I'm going to get right into it. So this is going to be, this will be the, the slide that you guys might take screenshots of or whatever. I mean you're going to be given this. So you don't, you don't need to be taking screenshots. But here is the launch CRYP card deck. This is it. You see it all right here in front of you. So on the. Now this isn't like perfectly aligned with the timeline of launch. This is just all the different campaigns that you'll spin up, but generally you're starting from the left and Going to the right. So the most important campaigns are on the left hand side, and then it goes to the right as you kind of advance through your launch. So single keyword exact match ranking campaign is in the upper left. This is the most powerful. I can't zoom. Damn, dude, I really thought I could zoom. You guys are gonna have to just put your eyes close to the screen or something. You don't have to read all these right now, guys. You're gonna be able to study these later. The point of these is not to memorize them. Although, actually we have guys in our team that, you know. It was Alberto, one of our senior strategists, was like, hey, I really want to, like, print these out in, like, an actual deck and, like, hang them on my wall and, you know, put them in a deck that I can, like, shuffle through and stuff. Which I was like, you know, that's actually a cool idea, like making a legitimate deck. And I might do that. I might do that. It'll be like a physical giveaway next time we do the profitable PPC challenge live in person. Oh, can you imagine that? That'd be cool. Yeah. So the point isn't to memorize these. The point is you're going to get these so that you can reference them when you're putting these campaigns in place in the future. So these cards. And I really thought I could zoom. I don't know why I did. When I was practicing this before, it totally worked. But you'll see if you look close at the screen, these cards tell you everything you need to know about how to set up this type of campaign. So I'm gonna walk through each one briefly and what the point of it is, but I won't go through the entire setup of each one because that would take us hours. And that's just not how we roll here. Right. We like to keep it snappy. We like to keep it fast. So the first type of campaign, the most important one, is a single keyword exact match ranking campaign. So the sponsored product ad, and you're putting one single keyword in there. The reason is because you need to be able to very finely target the different placements. And I'm pretty sure it was between the last challenge and now that Amazon made the change that you can now do placement adjusters on all three placements. So you can up your placement adjuster for top of search, which used to be the only option, but now you could do it for rest of search and product pages as well. Product pages, it added longer ago, but rest of search, you know, is the most recent one. Now you can have complete control over all placements, which is great. That's great for us. You know, sometimes we're like yay Amazon. Other times we're like boo. We don't like storage fees. But that was a really good update. So it's a single keyword exact match campaign. And you'll be able to see when you get these crib cards exactly how to set it up because it tells you literally everything. You just have this card in front of you while you're setting up the campaign. And you will know how to set every setting in the campaign ad console. Then there's multi keyword ranking campaigns. Now this is a fusion between ranking and performance campaigns. But this, these are the campaigns where you have one campaign per shopper intent or keyword family. So you're going to put all the keywords from one family in one campaign and that campaign then represents the effectiveness of that shopper intent. Okay, so I'll give an example. Say my product, one of the uses is for kids. If it's. You say it's a tablet cover. Tablet cover. And it's got a lot of different uses, but one is for kids and then another one is for driving. So these are two totally different purposes that people are buying my product for. And I want to be able to segregate how I'm doing from those two different shopper demographics because that's what allows me to actually have real impact on my campaigns and on my, my product organic sales performance by making real changes and not just the campaigns, but the thumbnail and the listing. So I'm going to segregate all of my driving related keywords. You know, it'd be not just keywords with the word driving in it, but it would also be keywords with the word road trip in it or keywords with drive or driving. All everything relating to that shopper intent. I'm going to put that in one family. Okay? And this sounds crazy, but you guys are going to see, we're going to walk through the whole process today. It's not that hard to do. And you only have to do it once. It's going to take you some time. You sit down, get it done and then once you have it done, that's kind of your like foundation for that product for life. Like you, you keep adding to it and evolving to it and evolving it and growing it over time. And I'm going to show you guys, especially you guys that are scared of, of Excel, scared of spreadsheets, I love spreadsheets. I really feel like it's been one of my superpowers in my life. Not that I'm like a crazy wizard with them, but I'm fairly good and really like being able to analyze data properly is so key. I'm going to show you guys how you can use these campaigns once they're set up properly to get data out that you use to make real actions continuously. And that's how you put in place that, that, that feedback loop that we call the essential feedback loop that we talked about yesterday. Going to bring that on the screen in a second as well. So those are very important types of campaigns. Then there's sponsored brand, keyword targeting, video ad campaigns. And by the way, if you see them stacked, that means you have multiple of these. So for the single keyword ranking campaign, you're going to have probably between 5 and 10 multi keyword ranking campaign. You're also going to have something between 5 and 10 organized by keyword family, sponsored brand, video ad targeting a specific keyword, you're also going to have somewhere between 1 and 5, but you'll have multiple of these if you can. And again, this is somewhat dependent on how much actual content you have and creative you have. But we're going to talk tomorrow, which is our custom creative day. We're going way deep on sponsored brands tomorrow on custom creative and we're going to go through some really exciting ways to generate custom creative, especially even if you're on a shoestring budget and also if you are not. So pay attention that day. We'll go super deep on that then. But these drive ranking. Then you're going to put in place the more discovery campaigns, right? So you have, you see in the bottom, right, there's automatic targeting campaigns. So these campaigns, the reason there's four of them shown there is because you're going to make one for each match type. Now you want to make it a very low bid on these and low budgets, make it super restricted and already negate any keywords that you found are quote unquote, never keywords. And we'll get into, you know how you determine that when I get into the keyword research part of this day. But those are the campaigns that you want to put in place to keep this launch live and active and constantly finding new targets. But you just want to make sure that Amazon doesn't have runaway spend. It should be a small portion of your overall spend going towards discovery campaigns. And then there's a couple campaigns that you want to have as well, which is broad match campaign that has each of your keyword family routes in there. So like I was saying before, I'd have drive, I've had, I'd have kids, I'd have other routes like that and allow Amazon to find new iterations of the routes that I know are already doing well. So then I could take those and put them right back into my multi keyword ranking campaigns organized by keyword family, the lower left one. Then you know, there's a type of campaign that our senior strategist, Dave, who was in the office hours with me yesterday, some of you guys saw him actually discovered inside Sophie, which is we call Step Campaign, a self targeted product targeting campaign. And this is a campaign we'll actually get into this. We're gonna go into the retargeting day on day four on Thursday. But this is a campaign that we now pretty much put this in place on pretty much all products. You just target the same ace in your advertising and it generates a very low volume but of typically very low acos sales. So it's good to have in place. What it essentially does is it basically instantly retargets people that clicked on your listing and then clicked off. Then you're going to have a product targeting campaign with ASINs that you think you can beat. Either they have a missing feature or they have a worse rating or they're way priced out of the market. And that product targeting campaign is what you're going to feed with the auto campaigns that are finding new ASINs. So the auto campaigns have close match and loose match which are both centered on keywords. And then there's substitutes and complements that are both focused on other products or ASINs. So those two types of auto campaigns, substitutes and compliments. Those campaigns are going to feed your product targeting campaign with new targets. Okay, I hope I'm not getting too technical for some of you guys because you guys are gonna get all this. It's gonna be very clear to you in the handout today. You can review it on your own time. If you're a little bit lost, don't lose me. Don't let your your eyes glaze over. Stick with me because we got more to go over. All right, so let's talk about keywords. Two basic sources of keywords are lab data, quote unquote, which is hypothetical. You can do this research without selling. So you can do it now even if you're not selling the product that you want to do research for, you can do. You can use these sources that's the Amazon Product Opportunity Explorer. You don't need to be selling the product to do research with that helium 10 or keyword research tools and the Brand analytics top search terms function. I'm going to show you guys where to find each of these tools today through a little screen share. But this is what we would call lab data. You know, you get it without going out into the battlefield, without going out into the market. The field data, which is what you can only get by being live out in the battlefield, out in the marketplace is your PPC search term reports. And there's quite a few different types but you don't have to know about all of them. And the search Query Performance Dashboard, which only populates once you start selling because it's based on your actual sales metrics. So these are the two sources of data. Which one do you guys think is more valuable, the field data or the lab data? Just type it in the chat so I could see what you guys are thinking. Which data is more valuable? I see a lot of field. I think only one lab. Yes, field data is more valuable. That's right. Because of the fact that it's based on your own products. Real sales. Thank you guys for interacting. Man, you like feed off your energy. I need that. So I don't feel like I'm talking to myself, you know, I mean, I'm talking to a camera, but. But yeah. So field data more valuable because it's based on the actual sales of your real product. Okay, so let's talk long tail keywords now. People get a little bit out of control in my view with this where, you know, I've seen and even been a part of keyword groups that teach people to make like thousands and thousands of campaigns for a product so that they have one campaign for every single keyword. Even like keywords that have like 10 searches a month now, I don't find that effective. And it also creates a high degree of unnecessary work. So you really don't need all of those keywords. Sorry, let me just let explain this graph. This is where the word long tail comes from. You see this like long tail of this distribution graph? Most statistical distribution graphs have this and that's what long tail keywords are. So this is the keywords. The keywords closer to the left are the ones with super high search volume. And then there's only a few of them. And then as you go to lower and lower search volume, there's like maybe thousands or even tens of thousands of keywords that have like, you know, 20 searches a month or 15 searches a month. We don't need to worry about those in the launch the super long tail ones because the rising tides effect. So you get ranking for all relevant keywords or a lot of relevant keywords by ranking for the most important keywords. So what you want to do is balance the volume and relevance. So the more relevant I go when I'm riding this line, the lower the volume, the higher the volume I go, the lower the relevance. I want to find that sweet spot in the middle when I'm doing my keyword research of high volume with high relevance. So example I use a lot is, you know, this is super high volume is omega 3. That's a crazy high volume search term. But if my Omega 3 is chewable, non toxic and for kids, then chewable, non toxic 30 milligram tablets for kids is going to be super high relevance. But that's way lower search volume. Right, but Omega 3 for kids is going to be in the middle somewhere. It's going to have still a significant amount of volume and it's still very relevant to my product. Those are the type of search terms that we're going to find in our Cupid research. So mid tail is really where we kind of focus. There's main, which is one to two words, usually high competition, high search volume, mid tail, which is usually two to four words, medium competition, medium search volume and then long tail, which can be like a whole fucking sentence. Low competition, low search volume. That middle spot is really where the sweet spot is. Okay, so that's what we're going to focus on. So a good habit and this is what we're gonna get through when we get into KPIs and tracking is choose five of these keywords to focus on because those will be the indicator keywords for how all your ranking is doing across this whole main tail. That way you don't have to create thousands of campaigns or in your keyword tracker implement like you know, dozens or hundreds of campaigns, dozens or hundreds of keywords that you're tracking. You don't need to. If you, if you determine which keywords are the highest relevance with significant volume, those, those are the indicators of your ranking across all keywords. And this works. So it is true on Amazon that it's very, very rare for you to rank top of top of page one for a pretty high volume keyword and then nowhere else. Usually that ranking kind of brings up the whole bell curve and all the other search terms are kind of drawn up with it. So these indicator keywords help you know how you're doing from ranking perspective. So if you're not converting for a mid tail keyword, you maybe didn't go deep enough. So go a little bit more long tail and commit to an evil even smaller niche. So in the example I said before kids, omega 3, maybe the top of search clicks are crazy for that I'm losing insane amounts of money and I'm going to go a little bit deeper and just try to get 30 milligram Omega 3 for kids. Whatever it is, you know, I'm just making that up. But so don't bail on the product yet. If the product's good and it's got good ratings and your economics aren't good, your targeting is probably off. Okay, so let's get into keyword research and as always I, I have to speed it up. So I'm going to start talking super duper fast. I'm definitely not going to be able to do the live session that I was going to do with you guys creating a pivot table. So those of you guys that have fear of spreadsheets, I'm sure there's a name for that. Lucky you that you won't have to see me do it live. But I will send it to you in the handouts. So back then, Amazon.com helium10, google trends, google keyword Planner and then other platforms like Pinterest and Etsy, those were the keyword sources. Okay. That's honestly how it was when I started started selling. Now the best keyword sources are on Amazon themselves. Brand Analytics, Product Opportunity Explorer, Search Query Report, Search and Report, Amazon itself, you know, the Amazon search bar. And then also we still use keyword tools, they're very useful. Helium 10 and then even Google Keyword Planner if you want to go that deep. So let's get into the actual keyword research process. I won't, I won't harp on this. I've had a few other slides on this already. But just to drive it home visually, the number one source of search of keywords is Amazon's own data. Based on my own sales, the number two source of keywords. So that's what we're going to prioritize. We prioritize those keywords in that data because we know it's true. It's absolutely true. It's tested, it's real. The number two source of data is Amazon generated data that's not based on our actual sales. That's the brand analytics top search terms and the product Opportunity Explorer have nothing to do with our sales at all. But it comes directly from Amazon. So we're going to trust it more the number three source of data so that we're going to prioritize that over everything else to the right of it. Right. The number three source of data is Amazon focused keyword research tools like Helium 10 data dive. These are great tools, we use them. But the data that you get from Amazon is more trustworthy than those they're just back calculating it. Amazon is just feeding it to you because they are the platform. And then finally the last source of data which is below all the other ones is non Amazon related keyword search sources like Google Trends, Etsy. And the reason for that is more to see like trends than it is to actually, you know, get search volume data and stuff like that. It's more to see is this trending? Is this something that's popular somewhere else and might blow up? Uh, that's, that's the kind of keyword research that you do on platforms like that. So here's what you guys are getting today as your handout is the search term aggregator. And so I'll just make this a very quick screen share because I need to, to show you guys exactly how this works because you're going to be getting it in your handouts. So this meeting is being recorded is. Oh, there we go. Feel like a boomer. Nothing against boomers. So this is what you guys are going to get. You're going to get this sheet that makes it super easy and super straightforward for you to do the keyword research and organize it by shopper intent. And this is what I want you guys to do tonight. So pick that one product that you're focusing on throughout these five days and you're going to redo keyword research. Hopefully you have a product launch that you can do this for because that would make it super useful. But even if you don't, I want you to do this for a product even if it's already selling, because it's gonna, it's gonna enlighten you a lot. Trust me. Even if you're already segregating by semantic core. Doing this again is a very, very valuable exercise and I, I want you guys to all do it. Everyone who's on this call, get it done. It's gonna be sent to you tonight similar to last night sheet, but this time it'll, it'll have a button that says make a copy. Cause I know that confused a couple of you guys last time, so it'll be much more straight. This is your master keyword list. Okay, so You've got sections for each of your keyword routes and there'll be a video that describes exactly how to do it, since we're, you know, we're running a little bit low on time here. And then you have the different sources of keywords, Helium10, Product Opportunity Explorer, search term reports. And then you have, you know, other crazy sources of data. Search, search term query report. They're your own branded keywords, competitor keywords, Spanish misspellings. Now you don't have to go too crazy with this. The basic ones that you want to fill in are over here, the product Opportunity Explorer, your keyword tool and the search and reports or and the search query report too, and brand brand analytics, top search terms. But you guys will see this all in the video so it'll be very clear to you. There's also a tab for top competitors. So this helps you actually do the pre keyword research, the competitor research that gets you to the keyword research. And then the, we're going to include a tab in here that's really cool. For those of you guys that are previous, that have been at previous challenges, we, we have a tool that allows you to pull in three reports from Amazon and I'll show you exactly which reports to pull in and it will auto generate you a pivot table. And you can use this throughout all time. You can keep this with you and use this forever. And I'm going to have to go through tomorrow how to pull the insights out of this, but I'll give you the instructions today on how to use it. You're going to pull in a search term report, advertise product report and one of your business reports. And this generates a pivot table that will show you everything you need to know about how your keywords and products are performing, how the click through rate is, how the conversion rate is on a per keyword basis, and even on a per keyword keyword family basis. Once you organize your campaigns by keyword family so that you can pull out the critical insights that we've been talking about this whole time that you use to make the improvements, to constantly run that feedback loop. Okay, so now this is where the rubber hits the road. This is where that feedback loop goes from like this ethereal sort of like, you know, like philosophical framework to actually doing it. This is how it's done and you guys will get that in the handout today. I was going to actually screen share doing it, but I'll just include a video for how you can do it. It's very simple. You just download the reports from seller Central, upload them into the right tab in the tool, and then the pivot table auto updates, and you can click around it and explore all the data. There are tools that do this, and some of you guys might have some tools that give you very targeted, specific insights about keywords. But first of all, those keywords cost. Those tools cost money. Some of them cost a lot of money. And second of all, this is a core skill. As an Amazon seller, you should know how to do this. And it's not scary, because even if you're scared of pivot tables or you don't know them or whatever, we built it for you. You literally just have to paste in your reports and we will. And it will auto generate exactly what you need to see to get these insights so that you can run that feedback loop. Okay, so again, me as a seller, dude, I would have been thrilled to get this. First of all, now you don't have to pay for a software. Second of all, these are the critical insights you need to make the changes that put you on the growth path to outpace the other competitors in the niche. Because, you know, most brands don't do this. I know, because this is what Sophie does professionally. We run this feedback loop for our brands. And I very rarely come in contact with brand owners, even big ones, that are doing this properly, which is why, you know, there's always opportunity for growth even with really big brands. All right, so let's. Let's race here. We got 20 minutes left. That should be fine. Actually, I think. I think we're good on time. All right, so I'll go through some of these keyword sources for. For some of you guys that haven't explored this too much. So Product Opportunity Explorer, you just go to the hamburger menu, go to. Go to Growth, Click Product Opportunity Explorer. And you can do this without selling. So you could do this. Now, even for a product that you guys haven't launched yet, you just type in the term and then scroll down. I'm going to type in magnetic blocks here. Scroll down, click on the left, the customer need quote, unquote, which is the keyword. And then now you're gonna click Search terms, and Amazon is giving you the actual search volume of those search terms. Now you can download that. And this is what you're gonna upload into the keyword aggregator tool that I'm giving you guys today. Okay, so this is the source of the Product Opportunity Explorer data that you guys are gonna download to do your. Your keyword research today. Okay, so I'm just gonna show it through one more time because I know it's quick. I love these gifs because it's super quick rather than showing like a long video or having the screen share every time. So you type in the keyword, click the customer need. Then right in this menu here you click search Terms. And then down here you see all the search terms and upper right you can download them all. All right, so that's, that's a great source of data. Just remember that this search volume is yearly. So you have to divide it by 12 to get monthly search volume. And keep in mind that it does not take into consideration seasonality. So if the product is seasonal, it's going to have, you know, you're averaged over the year. So just take that into consideration. It's important to know brand analytics top search terms. Okay, you're going to go to brand analytics under brands brand Analytics. Then you go to Search analytics top search terms. You want to change it to monthly or you can change it to quarterly or whatever. And then you're going to type in the term. So I'm typing in the same term, magnetic blocks. Right. This doesn't give me the search volume, but it gives me what it calls search frequency rank, which is basically an ordered ranking of which keywords get the most searches. So a lower search frequency rank means it gets more searches. So you want to order it by ascending search frequency rank. And now you can see the keywords, keyword by keyword. You can download these as part of your keyword research, but you can also click into them to get really cool insights. This is a really great tool. If any of you guys haven't explored this, do it today. Okay? I'm not including this in your quote unquote assignments today, but this is really cool and gives you a lot of insights. And again, it's data coming directly from Amazon. So you're going to paste that data into the tool, sorry, into the keyword aggregator, and it becomes yet another one of your data sources. Then there's a keyword research tool like Helium 10, and there's whole videos online about how to do this. Many of you guys have probably done this already, but just to do a quick version of it, I'm using the same example, magnetic building blocks. I use the Helium 10 extension. And then all I have to do is when the screen pops up, you click send to Cerebro and that pulls in all the data. So yeah, you can organize by sales, you can see how the sales are going and then go Run Cerebro and oh, by the way, first you have to actually click unselect any of the products that are not relevant. So you really want anywhere between five and 10 products that are perfectly relevant to your product. And that's how you do reverse ASIN keyword research. So this generates a list of keywords for you that your like for, like competitors are ranking for. And this becomes yet another keyword data source. Now keep in mind, these data sources can the, the search volumes can be way off, way off. Like I was just on with, with Philip, another one of our senior strategists, and we're looking at real Data and the Helium 10 data was one third of the Amazon reported search volume for that term, which is so different. Right? That's the difference between 10,000 searches a month and like 3,300 searches a month. Huge difference. You know, I think of those totally differently. So you pull that data in as well. You could do things like misspells. Amazon is actually pretty good at picking up these. So they, this isn't super critical unless it's very common for your product to be misspelled. And then so we went over how you segregate the keywords. I'm just trying to speed through this so we end on time. We can do, we can do our office hours, guys. But there'll be a video when you get the keyword aggregator that shows you how to do it. So don't panic if this is going super fast. So you combine from all sources, remove the duplicates, prioritize the data coming from Amazon and then that's when you segregate by keyword family. And this is what you end up with. So you've got the different keyword sources here, what their search volume is. It's all nicely organized. And then you find the words that are. See, here's one. Walker bag. 3600 according to Helium 10, 9000 according to Amazon. See, Big difference. Right. So you're going to prioritize the data coming from Amazon, remove the duplicates from the lower priority data sources and then you just got to put them in the categories. And this is the part that's a little bit manual. Yes. You can use Chat GPT to help you, but I find that it's really useful to go through the exercise. You learn a lot just by doing it. So go through the keywords organized by semantic core root, remove all the keywords that are not relevant to the product, create a list of never keywords so that you can negate them. If the keywords Continuously show up. And you know, they're definitely not applicable, but they're somehow related. But you know you would have a bad conversion with them. You create a list of never keywords so that you can negate them off the bat. This helps you keep all of your campaigns lean and, and then you have your keyword list, and that's what you need in order to set up these campaigns. All right, let's get into reports. So if you go to Generate Report, then click Spot. Now did I, did I have that in here? The actual clicking of creating the report? Yeah, here we go. So you go to reports inside your ad console, click Run Report, then click Create Report. See Sponsored Ad Reports. Create Report. Go to Search Term. This is the basic report. Advertise Product report and Search Term Impression Chair Report are also important reports. The search term report is your, your, your foundational knowledge source when it comes to what is working. And this is really critical for you be able to, for you to be able to read these reports. And the key to reading them properly is pivot tables, which are extremely easy to do. I'm going to include a little video in the, in the handouts today on how to do it. But you don't even need to know how to do it because now you have our tool that will do it for you if you pull in the right reports. So I really hope you guys like that. You know, again, this is one of the things where I'm like, damn, if I had this, didn't have to figure out all this on my own, I would have been stoked. So I'm giving you guys the stuff that I would want. But this is just to show you guys how to generate these reports. You got to wait. If you've never generated a report like this, you. You click Create Report, and then you wait a couple minutes and then it gets created. You want to click daily, and then you want to do the maximum time back, which is 60 days, and just end yesterday, not today. I mean, if you want the most accurate data, you end like three or four days ago to account for the attribution period. But it's fine, just end it yesterday. Then you get the max amount of data. All right, let's talk actually setting up the campaigns. Now, I'm not going to go so much into this because the crib cards are this. So you'll actually see every step of how to set up the campaigns in the crib cards. But just to make it clear, here's it all on one page. Sponsored product, exact match, single keyword campaigns. Five to 15 of these sponsored product exact match multi keyword campaigns organized by keyword family you're going to have. Depending on how many keyword families you have, right? It'd be between 2 and 10. Sponsored Product exact match offensive product targeting campaigns. Okay, so targeting ASINs, you'll have one to three of these sponsored product exact match defensive product targeting campaigns. So you're targeting your own other products. Right. So however many products you have, that's how many of these campaigns you have. Sponsored products self targeted product targeting campaign. You can have one of these. It's just that's the step campaign that I mentioned before and I'm going to talk to you the setup of that when we get into the retargeting day on Thursday. Sponsored product exact match single or multi keyword sorry, Sponsored brand Exact match single keyword or multi keyword launch campaign. So this is a video, this is a video ad. Okay. You'll have between one and five of these depending on how many targets you have, how much creative you have and how much budget you have. Then you spin up the sponsored broad match campaigns with the core from each keyword family inputted. And you only need one of these and make sure to negate all negative keywords. So it's not spending crazily, it's only leanly generating new specific search terms from your search term family cores that you identified. And then sponsored product phrase match campaign. This is optional and this is really if you have search terms that are multiple words that you want to know what are like that are high volume enough that you think a lower volume version of it with a word on the beginning or the end would be worth it. And you really need to know that information that you can put that in there as well. But just make sure again, negate whoops. And then the sponsored product auto campaigns, you're going to do four of those, one for each match type. Now you don't have to do all match types, especially if you don't have the budget and you don't want to spread it so thin. You could just do close match and compliments. But if you are able to and you really want to continue to generate new targets, then you do one auto campaign for close match, one for lose match, one for substitutes, one for compliments. And then lastly an expanded product targeting campaign. And you could put in as the seed asin your own asin the very same asin your advertising similar to the step campaign. But you click expanded instead of clicking exact. And I'm actually going to screen Share through some of these walkthroughs on, on the ad console this week. So again, if you got a little loss, don't worry about it, you'll pick back up. Here's a general breakdown of the ad spend. It is going to be about 70% sponsored products, about 30% sponsored brands, and likely 0 to max 5% sponsored display during launch typically. Right, okay, so I'm gonna have to speed through this. So you're going to campaigns sponsored products, you're targeting keywords. So you're going to click manual targeting keyword targeting and then click Enter list, select custom bid, select Exact, and then put in that one keyword. This is how to make that core campaign. The single keyword exact match ranking campaign is this. And then in the bid you're going to select your starting bid. What number do you put in there? This is a big point of contention in the Amazon community. Amazon gives you a quote, unquote suggested bid. However, ruining my punchline. All right, well, we'll get into how to, how to create that bid in a second. I thought my next slide was a different slide. Man, ruin my punchline. It's fine, it's fine. I'll pick back up. In the bidding strategy, you'll likely start with the top of search bid adjuster. You know, I'm starting here with 400%. It's actually usually better if you start with a bid adjuster that is lower and then you ramp it up. But you do want to target top of search at first and you only pivot to rest of search and product pages if top of search is too expensive and it's just crazy and you just can't, can't continue it. But you're going to put a top of search bid adjuster so you maximize your top of search placements. Oh, here it is. All right, so starting bid. How do you determine what your starting bid is? Well, Amazon suggested bid is dog shit because it can be wildly off. First of all, it can give you a different number. As one of our senior strategist Philip pointed out, from day to day, it can be dramatically different and also it can be just inaccurate. So it's not actually good to go. Based on Amazon suggested bid and those of you guys that were here in a previous challenge, we used to recommend using the starting bid just as a starting place and then optimizing from there. And then, you know, what we realized and what I realized by, by masterminding with my strategists every week is that it's actually not the best Strategy to go with Amazon suggested bid. And so this is where I get super add, guys, because I was making these slides for you, and I was like, dog. Why do we say dog? I hope I don't offend some of you guys. Like, people that are from the south and stuff get offended because I'm from Jersey and I curse a lot. So I hope that doesn't offend you guys. I curse a lot. Like, people from Jersey tend to curse more. But I put a literal slide in here specifically because English as people who don't have English as a first language don't realize that we in the English language have so many words for different types of animals that mean so many different things. This is where, dude, like, I went off the rails on this while I was making these slides for you. And I was like, why, dog? And you know what's funny? This is. There's like this list online of all the different types of shit and what it means. Dog means worthless. Bullshit means a blatant lie. Horseshit means I don't believe you. You're lying. Batshit means you're crazy. Ape means you're in a rage, yo. How weird is that? Imagine you didn't learn English as your first language and you're like, wait, you have different type of animal shit mean different thing? Like, why it's weird. Anyways, that's. That's an aside. That's how I'm spending your valuable time here, guys. Just talking about this. Anyways, starting bid. Here's the actual. What the fuck? Here's the actual formula you guys should use for your starting bid, which is target acos times your product price times your conversion rate. So let's go through some examples of this and why this makes sense. Say I wanted to spend the entire revenue from my product on my bid, right? I would take my product price $40 for my product, times my conversion rate, say it's 10%. So one out of every 10 people buys. So that means I have to drive 10 people to my listing in order for one to buy, right? So that means if I wanted to spend the entire retail price of my product to get one sale, meaning 100 ACOs, I would spend $4 per click because I know I need 10 clicks to get the sale, right? Makes sense. So my bid is $4 because I'm willing to spend the entire revenue from the product, 100 ACOs to get that sale. And I know I need 10 clicks to get the sale, so I can spend $4 on every click. So I spent $40 to get my $40 sale, that's 100% a cost. So I'm trying to think of the simplest example to share with you guys. Now, if I wanted a 50% ACOS, same formula, right? I need 10 clicks to get a sale. So 10% of 40, then I only want to spend 50% of that sale price to get the. To get a conversion. So I cannot spend $40. I can only spend $20. So it's $20 times 10%, which is $2. So if my targeted cost is 50%, my starting bid is going to be $2, because 50% times $40 purchase price times my 10% conversion. If I wanted a 25% a cost, my starting bid is going to be one dollar, because 25% of 40 times 10%, which is 4, is $1. I hope this is making sense to you guys. It's pretty simple math, but I know numbers kind of confuse you. I think of that meme where the girl has like, she's just got a blank stare and there's like formulas. She's like, that's. Sometimes I feel like happens when I start to talk math on these things. But yeah, this is, this is, this is how you calculate your starting bid. Now, just because you want that ACOS doesn't mean Amazon is going to use that bid. So you might say, oh, yeah, I'd love a 25% ACOS. I'm going to put it in a starting bid of a dollar. And then the next day, you get no impressions on that campaign. So what do you do then? You just have to up the bid. It means that your quote unquote target acos was off. It wasn't realistic for the market. So determine your target acos of what you think is realistic, but also good for you, healthy for you. Then back calculate your starting bid by using this simple formula. And this is in the crib cards, by the way. The formula is in there, so be easy. All right? Make sure that each portfolio represents one parent asin. Campaigns represent a goal. So each of the crib cards is a goal. Like one ranking campaign is one goal. One multi keyword campaign with the family of keywords is one goal. You want to make sure that everything is organized this way. This was part of your checklist last night. Portfolios equals products. Campaigns equals goals. Portfolios equals products. Campaigns equals goals. And when I say products, I mean parent asins. So one portfolio per parent asin, one campaign per goal inside the parent asin. This is how you do proper and clean account organization in your ppc all right, we're almost at the end of the time, guys, so I'm gonna rush through this. We do this. Okay. We did a. A Launch that in 11 days we were able to rank number 2 for 100k volume search term. So. Oh, yeah, I forgot. So one more math thing to cover calculating your ranking campaign budget. So similar math here. We talked about calculating your bid. Okay, now you know how to calculate your bid. How do you calculate your budget? Well, you're going to back calculate your budget based on how many units per day you want to hit, how many units per day you need to hit in order to really start ranking for the product and then making an assumption on what tacos you're willing to take. So maybe you say my margin is 20%, I'm willing to go all the way up to 30% tacos. Honestly depends on the product. You might have to go higher. But you have to make some assumptions here. Right. I'm willing to go up to 30 tacos, meaning my. The percentage of my total revenue that I spend on ads. My unit retail price is $20. My daily budget is going to be these three metrics multiplied by each other. The how many units per day I need to sell the price per unit. So now I have my revenue per day, right? And then what percentage of that revenue is my ad spend. So it's my units per day times my price per unit times my percentage of revenue of ad spend, which is tacos. So it's units times price times tacos. My daily budget. If my I have a 30 day per 30 unit per day target, assume tacos of 30% and my retail price is $20. My daily budget is $180. 30 times 30 times 20. So that's how you calculate a daily budget. And again, this is initial. You have to adjust it over time. But because this is one of the top things people always ask us when they come to our ecosystem, how do I calculate my bids and budgets? This is how 60% at least of your launch campaign should be going to single keyword exact match ranking campaigns. If your organic rank is not improving, stick with me, guys. I know we're like two minutes over here. I'm going to make sure to wrap up so that we have time to breathe and go to the bathroom before office hours. But we're almost at the end. So what if organic ranking is not improving even while running? Even while your ads are running? Well, check the placements. So here's another one of those feedback loops. You're going to increase the Top of search bid adjuster. Because maybe you're not getting enough placements top of search, then that increases your impression share, you get increased sales for that keyword and then you increase ranking. Okay, that, that's how you continuously go in and check and you're optimizing the placements, ideally the top of search, but not always top of search. A good rule of thumb is shoot for top of search impression chair of 30% as a general target. So you can see this when you go into your campaigns. You'll see the top of search impression chair right here on the right hand side target 30% and you should be good. But if the CPCs are way too expensive, Top of search, don't forget about top of search then don't be stuck on that just because that's what the industry says. That's not in line with what actually generates rank on Amazon, which is sales velocity at the end of the day. So follow the data, optimize the bid placement. Bid adjusters for whatever placements are performing best, including rest of search and product pages. Ranking comes from sales made after a keyword is searched, even if there were a couple of clicks in between. So to check your placements, on the right hand, left hand side of your ads console, you see the placements button and then you'll see this. And this is where you see top of search, rest of search and product pages for that campaign. And if one placement is doing really well, like in this, in this little screen share I have, I'm clicking the campaign right now on the left side I see the placements button, I'm going to click that and now what do I see on the left hand side? One placement is making all the sales and it's top of search and the ROAS is the highest. So in this particular example, top of search is performing best. So what do I want to do? I want to up that bid adjuster because I want even more top of search sales in this case because it's performing really, really well and the other placements are not performing well. This isn't always going to be the case. Sometimes it'll be completely flopped or top of search is just way too expensive. Not performing well, spending a lot, not making a lot. But rest of search or product pages is doing really well. Then you're going to up those bid adjusters and you continuously do this until you fully dial in the campaign. It's work. But this is what it takes to run this feedback loop. You're constantly looking at the data, making the decision, coming upon an insight from that data and then taking an action either on the campaign itself, the listing or the thumbnail. And we're going to get more into how you take actions on listings and thumbnails in the upcoming days. Okay, so again the feedback loop. I go into battle. Then I learn what was my top of search percentage and my rest of search placement percentage. Is my ranking increasing? Am I spending my budget? If I'm not spending my budget, I got to up my bids. If I'm not increasing my rank, I got to up my top of search Or I'll try up in my top of search and react to that data. And again, what search terms have high traffic, high conversion below click through rate? Oh, something's wrong. My, my products are are converting but they're actually not getting the click. The people that do click tend to buy, but they're not clicking at a high rate. And I have a below average click through rate. What do I do? Adjust my title split, test my primary image? Right, I can see that from the data. What search terms had high click through rate but low conversion rate. So is the other way around. So a lot of people are clicking from this particular search family, but when they click their conversion rate is below average. So what's going on there? Something's wrong with my listing copy. I have to adjust my listing copy, adjust my secondary images, adjust my A plus content and adjust my brand story and I'll perform better. Right. So that's how you run this feedback loop constantly. This is the essential feedback loop. You just run it again and again and again and again. The more often you run it and the better and tighter you run it, the faster you will grow and get ahead of all the competitors that are not doing this because they just don't know how or they're just not going deep enough. So yeah, we gotta wrap this up guys. And just sharing a couple launches. This was a profitable launch that we did. We initiated the launch. We actually hit a 15% ACOS. It was profitable by the end of 60 days. Not a super high volume product, but these ones 20,000 search volume keyword. A 20,000 search volume keyword. We were able to hit position one in under two months. We launched this fitness product. We went from 100 units a week, week two to 300 units a week week four. This was 100k per month search volume. That's very high. For those of you guys that don't know, we were able to rank number two for this and that was in 11 days as the one I shared before we're a verified Amazon ads partner. So we have a relationship with Amazon and they actually emailed saying, wow, what an epic launch you guys did. So sometimes even Amazon honors you. How did we do it? We honed in on the best performing keywords. We had about 10. And we made sure that our conversion rate was at or above the market conversion rate, which it was. Then we tried to rank for a high volume search term, which is 100k searches per month in the hot season. This is a very seasonal product, but it's 30 on average. So you gotta be careful because like I said before, product Opportunity Explorer ignores seasonality. And then what we did was continuously monitor the placements and adjust the bid adjusters until we dialed it in, got 30% top of search bid adjusting, and we were able to rank very, very fast. Okay, all right, I got to wrap this up. We're going to move data and tracking to tomorrow because we didn't have time to cover it today. So that's okay. We have room for it tomorrow. Tomorrow or Thursday. That's what I'll share with you guys. How to track your data, how to make database decisions, and I'm going to give you guys trackers as well. So remember CTR and cbr. These are the things. Day five is totally focused on this. We're going to go through a ton of really ninja strategies for how to use the data to improve your CTR and cbr because that's what allows you to to stick the ranking. So you do all this stuff with ppc, but the CTR and CVR are the foundation underneath your PPC performance that you need to get dialed in in order to perform correctly. So I'm going to go through the data stuff later. All right, a few considerations. It's not all about traffic volume. The average purchase price of the term and of the product matters. Like a 2000 per month search term for a $300 product is worth way more than a 10,000 per month search term for a $20 product. So the volume of the search term and, you know, product by product and term by term is not the only thing that matters. So the average purchase price matters, the relevance of the traffic from that term matters. The general conversion rate of that traffic in the specific conversion rate for your product for that particular family matters. So there's also intent to buy travel pillows implies that the person wants to window shop, they want to look at a bunch. Travel pillow is more targeted. I just want to buy one. I just need one. I don't want to look at a bunch. I just need one. Right. So all of these things matter. Don't. When you're doing this keyword research in this exercise tonight, just remember that it's not all about search volume. You need to use your mind as well. AI is not quite there yet to do everything for us. All right, A quick sort of like, announcement that I had to make is that keep in mind that exact match is not exact. So Amazon has been more and more lose this as time goes on and it will advertise you for what it considers equivalent terms, even if you put exact match. So sometimes you actually have to negative exact match terms for your exact match campaigns, which is weird and it's crazy. I don't know why Amazon does that, but yeah, so just keep that in mind. You might be like, what the heck? What? Why is advertising. I said exact match. Well, Amazon sometimes puts in equivalents. And then, by the way, you know, common school of thought in PPC is to negative match good performing terms in campaigns to isolate them. Sometimes that can harm your performance, sometimes it's fine. Then it won't harm your performance and it keeps the data clean. But it can be dangerous because sometimes the search term, for some reason it's performing well in a broad match campaign. And then if you negate it in that campaign and then pull it into its own single keyword, exact match campaign stops performing well. And it's weird, but that happens. So to avoid that, just leave them both going. It's fine. People talk about cannibalization. It's better to just have it perform well. Okay, guys, here's what you're getting. Day two. You're actually not going to get the data trackers because we're moving that to another day. Now you will get the keyword aggregator plus information about how to use it. You'll get the tool that allows you to pull in your reports that automatically creates a pivot table of data that's easily analyzable. And you're also going to get the launch deck of Crypt cards. So tonight, what I want you guys to do between today and tomorrow, that is, is do the keyword research segregated by search term, family or shopper intent. And then you will come tomorrow prepared. So that is that. Guys, we will now start office hours. So that's, that's the end of today. How was today? I'm checking on the chat here. See some people. Awesome. Thumbs up. Cool. Great. Awesome. Nice. Awesome. Great, guys. Great. I'm really, I'm. I'm. I'm glad you guys followed along with me. I was, I was worried I was talking a little too fast there, but we did pretty much get through almost everything except for KPIs. So we have, we have time to cover that in other days, so we'll be fine. So office hours today, they are starting in three minutes, technically. Let's give it a little more time. People have to go to the bathroom and stuff like that. I'll try to open my room on time. I. I have to go to the bathroom myself. I gotta pee, dude. I gotta get my tea. So let's just say five minutes past the half hour on the 35 mark. So 35 minutes past the hour would be the official time to give people some time to come in. I'll try to start my, my room as close as, as possible. And by the way, some people were confused yesterday. We have two rooms just to keep them more intimate. If we crammed you guys all into one office hours room, it would be way harder to cover everybody's questions. It makes it more intimate to split it into two rooms. So I'm in one room. Hans is, is hosting the other room with other mentors. So we have two concurrent rooms going at any. Any given time. So that's it for today, guys. See you in the office hours. Thanks for showing up. Thanks for staying engaged. See you guys later. And see you, Tom.

============================================================
Speaker-labeled transcript:
============================================================

Speaker A: Two. Let's go. Hey, you guys aren't supposed to see that far. And get it a little closer. There we go. What's going on, everybody? Welcome, guys. Everyone's flowing in here. This is great. Happy Tuesday. Welcome to day two of the challenge. Are we ready to rock and roll? Oh, I got to get my chats up so I can see you guys chatting in real time. I got a special screen just for you this time so I can keep an eye on what you guys say. I hope you guys are. I. Some of you guys got a little confused with the sheet last night. I mean, dude, who doesn't know how to use Google Drive these days, right? No, I'm just kidding. I'm not ripping on you guys. Well, I am, but. No, I found a better way to do it, actually, for the. For the next handouts, there's a way to do it where it just says template. So if any of you guys got confused about making the copy on your own drive and then editing that solved it. Fixed it. You know, I got that engineering mind. Cool. Oh, it's so great. I get to keep an eye on you guys without having my phone nearby. So I see Julie says, good morning, Susan. Good morning, Diana. Ready, Ephraim? Nice. What's up, man? Annalise. What's up, Alvaro? Cool. Let's rock and roll, guys. We have so much to cover today. It's a wild day. I even have a few things where I was like, we might not make it, and if so, I'll push it to tomorrow because it's pretty ambitious. What I tried to squeeze in here, but like I said to you guys yesterday, I'm going off my own experience. Like, I really hate webinars that take three hours, and, like, the first 40 minutes is the intro. It just. I hate it. I really hate. I always have. You know, time is our most valuable currency. But that doesn't mean that we don't get silly, right? We don't mess around and get silly. We just have to talk even faster afterwards. Go for lost time. That's. That's the secret. You got to be able to talk like an auctioneer. Do I hear three? Do I hear three? That's me. All right, enough silliness, guys. Let's rock. We got three. We're three minutes in. Looks like most of the people are already in the room, so that's great. Mods, hammer on the people that aren't in yet. Oh, quick reminder, guys. If you're not using your real name in Zoom, please do, because that's how the mods know if you came or not and if you're coming every day but it's not being recorded that you came. You won't get the certificate of completion at the end, which I know for some of you, you don't care about that, that's fine. But for some of you, that actually really matters to be Sophie certified haven't gone through our week long program. So just make sure that you change your zoom name now to whatever your real name is or your name that you registered with is, because that's the name that we have in our system. Cool. Nice. I see Hope Antonio Mutlu again who came to my office hours yesterday. That was great. Cool. Cool. Mish. What's up, Mish? Sandeep. Nice. Love having that. Love having the fam in there. All right, we are going to start. Let's rock and roll, guys. If anybody's not in here yet, they'll catch up with us. So let me just share my screen. I'm going to ask you guys just to verify that you see it. Share my whole screen and just tell me if you see day two. Oh, what in the. Oh, I hit the wrong button. Cool. I'm low on sleep. Nice. There we go. That should work. You got my little remote control over here. Are you guys seeing this? You're seeing my face and the screen. I see a lot of thumbs up. So it's looking like a yes. Where do I put this? Dude, now I have too many devices. Honestly, I realized yesterday I have too many things to charge. Like, I have to plug in so many things. I've got headphones, I've got phone, I got this tablet. I gotta slim down. All right, let's jam through this. So day two, as you guys remember, this is mostly focused on the launch phase. So we're going to cover quite a few things, Some directly related to the launch phase, some generally ancillarily related. We're going to go a lot into sponsored products because that's the primary type of advertising that you use during the launch phase. We're going to go into keyword research, actually. Why am I getting ahead of myself? I have a slide that shows all this, but yeah. So back to the Amazon product lifecycle map. You. You guys remember there's launch expand harvest. Obviously this is simplified, guys. Like, we had a few people that like, oh, it was. If this is true, then my product's been in harvest for years. Well, it probably has, honestly. And second of all, products can jump in between them. This is a framework. So that you understand generally how to view things, and it just gives you frameworks. Eli. So I'm a musician. I was touring in a rock band for years, actually not straight, but for summers called the Waffle Stompers. Best time of my life. Being on tour was so much fun. When you're learning music, you learn the scales so that you can then break the scales and break the rules. But you can't know what rules to break with unless you learn them first. So that. That's similar with vbc. Like, I'm teaching you guys a lot of frameworks and stuff. It doesn't mean that it's like rigidly followed 100% of the time. These are the frameworks to give you the foundation. And then when you become a real artist at doing this really, really well, then you can, you know, bend and break the rules as you, as you please. So good music doesn't, like, follow a scale, like, note by note, right? It's like people breaking rules. That's what jazz is. It's hitting weird notes and bending them back up and stuff like that. For all you musician musicians out there, you know what I'm talking about. Mixolydian, baby. My favorite mode musician jokes. Anyway, all right, before we get into the actual, like, auctioneer style super fast content, I want to make some recognitions because over the last day, even though we're only one day in, some of you guys are really standing out, helping each other out, asking questions, getting your challenges addressed, engaging with the mentors, showing up to office hours. So in the kings group, just want to recognize Marcus, Leon, Tanya, Ephraim, Michael, Artem, John, Andy, and, And, oh, Tanya, you're on there twice. You get double recognition. How cool. And knights I want to recognize Sunley, Brandy, Adventist, Jeff, Maria, Julie, Tara, Joan, Tiffany, Heather, Rosemary, Tammy, Kara, Susan, Sandra, Christy, Marty, Cindi, Mark, Annette, David, Griffin, jw, Jake, and James. You guys are rocking and rolling. Now, this is not to shame the rest of you guys, right? All of you guys are, you know, you're all beautiful snowflakes, but. But these guys are really showing up. I'm going to do this again tomorrow. So if you're not on this list, you can get on the list and, you know, be a teacher's pet or whatever. But in all seriousness, like I told you guys yesterday, I do this because I like community. I'm not into the, like, webinar things. I never have been. It's just not my style. And this is kind of how we run inside Sophie, too. So now we're Kind of bringing you guys into our world. And yeah, I just like it. I like the community aspect of things. It's my favorite, my favorite part of anything that I do. Like I told you guys, I actually used to live in like a, a big co op, which is not a commune. There's a difference. Communes share income, co ops just share costs. So wasn't like, you know, total hippie style. All right, so we'll get into this launch framework today. You guys are going to get one of the crib card decks. You're going to get the launch deck. What you're looking at right now is the whole deck. I'm actually now realizing that this is an image of our old deck. We now have an updated deck for those of you that have been to previous challenges, I think about maybe 20, 30 of you guys have been to the previous challenge. You'll get a new deck this time that has even more information on each card. Now, it tells you not just the basics of how to set up the campaign, but every single element of how to set up the campaign and even some information about how to optimize the campaign over time. So it's pretty amazing. Again, you know, like I told you guys yesterday when we did the shop review behind the shop review ads, I'm giving you guys everything that I wish I had to accelerate my understanding of how to make PPC actually effective, to grow brands profitably. And this is something I wish I had just straight up, hey, man, when you're in this condition, this stage of your brand or this stage of the product, start these campaigns and this is how you set up each one. That's literally what we're going to share with you. So that's one of the handouts from today that you guys are going to get is the launch deck. And yeah, so today we're talking about launching and ranking. Infused into that is a lot of other things. KPIs, measurement, keyword research. I actually think I have the next slide will show all of it, but this stuff works. You know, I shared with you guys a ton of screenshots yesterday, but we have so many cases where we take over a brand and we're like, oh, obviously, you know, this is a great product, great brand. All it needs is the right campaign structure. And it only takes a couple months to completely turn things around sometimes. Now, obviously you have to have a good product, good ratings in order for this to work. You need your click through rate and your conversion rate to be at least at benchmark, meaning at least matching the market of the top ranking competitors and you need at least a 4.3 star rating and good customer experience of the product. Now if you don't have some of those things, don't panic. We're actually going to cover some of that and how some really cool long term fixes and quick fixes for all of those problems that I just mentioned if you're not there. But yeah, those, those are the underlying requirements for these things to actually work really, really well and take off. So all the screenshots and I'm showing you guys of these like epic growth stories that we've been able to achieve, they are with those types of products, good products, it's not really feasible, although we have done it with products under a four star rating. It's not worth it to spend your money on advertising when you're not converting as well as competitors because you might as well have just spent that money on getting better converting content. So which is actually something that you can do with Sophie if you ever choose to. Now there are four, I alluded to this yesterday, four basic things a campaign can do. We call these the campaign goal types. You can rank profit shield or conduct research. And these are very distinct. And how you measure the effectiveness of the campaign is based on what the goal of the campaign was. So if I have a ranking campaign up and it's a single keyword exact match ranking campaign, I'm not going to measure it based on trying to hit a profitable acos, because that's not the point. In fact, if my acos is really low, I'm probably actually not spending enough or going aggressively on that ranking campaign because the purpose is not to generate profit. The purpose is to lose the least amount of money possible while using PPC to gain organic rank so that my tacos goes down. Even though my ACOs for that campaign would be above average for my campaigns. Right. Same with shielding campaigns. So shielding campaigns have a double benefit. They both get you lean sales, which are good most of the time they're low a cost when you're shielding means. We're going to go into this in depth tomorrow, but you're either advertising on your own branded terms or advertising on your own other ASINs. So it's like taking up your own real estate on Amazon. So for a shielding campaign you're not, you're not just trying to get lean sales, you're also trying to keep competitors from making your customers click off of the listing that they're already on. So there's a double benefit that's not Actually showing up in the, in the KPIs. Right. Profit campaigns, those are straightforward. You're going to measure them based on ACOs. That's how the effectiveness of those are measured. Research campaigns should be very budget restricted and they should be focused on generating new profitable targets that you then put into ranking campaigns or profit campaigns. Right. By the way, don't, don't worry about reading everything on the screen here. Just grabbing my prebiotic, low sugar soda drink here. I'm normally a tea guy, guys, but you know, this is a crazy week. Don't worry about memorizing all this. You guys are going to get the decks and also it's going to be completely updated. But today we're focusing on launch, which is primarily concerned with these two types of campaigns, rank campaigns and research campaigns. You do a little bit of shielding. I'll get into that in a moment. You're not putting in place campaigns that are for the purpose of those campaigns themselves generating profit. That comes later once you have the momentum with the product to be able to demand campaigns with that type of performance. In this stage, you're primarily trying to determine what targets you should be targeting and then using your ad spend to drive organic rank for those targets. Because if you go right off the bat just trying to generate profitable campaigns, it's just unfeasible, frankly. So that's a little note there. I'm realizing that I got to plug in my laptop so it doesn't die on me. How embarrassing would that be? All right, so goals during launch, establish rank, get sales velocity. Your North Star is reaching a profitable tacos, meaning total average cost of sale. That's my advertising spend divided by my total revenue, not my advertising spend divided by my ad revenue. That's a cost. And then collect data, PPC data and customer data. So these are the four goals that we're trying to achieve during a launch. Ranking, getting sales velocity going. Establishing, getting to a profitable tacos in the future and collecting data, PPC data so that we can have better targeting. That's the point. Now here's the old way. This is like the really old way. Most people are not doing this anymore. And actually sometimes it is appropriate. Like I said, there's times to bend rules. But this is what used to be the kind of going wisdom which is we like to think of it as like starting with an empty block. You basically just go in blind, launch a new product, turn on auto campaigns with high spend and then you allow Amazon to determine which of those auto which of what keywords are Performing well. And they generate the data that you then use to create broad and phrase match campaigns with those keywords so that you know, okay, what exact search terms are converting well, and then you slowly get sharper and sharper and sharper and a clearer and clearer and clearer picture on what that search term family looks like that is performing will perform well for you. But the problem, and this works, okay, this works. The problem with it is, is that you waste a ton of ad spend doing this because you're making Amazon, you're basically paying Amazon to live test on the market if keywords are good or not. And they're going to try a lot of stuff. Like if you look at the search term reports of auto campaigns with high budgets, I mean, Amazon seems to get desperate. It's like advertising you on, on terms that you know aren't relevant at all sometimes. So it's this way is not optimal. The better way looks more like this. We're not starting with a blank slate. We're starting with a picture of what we think it'll look like. And then we sort of alter that picture over time by doing a ton of research up front. And we're going to be talking through that today. And those of you guys that have been through past challenges, you know, we've evolved this even more since the last time we, we held this in September. So make sure you still pay attention. So the new way is instead of just starting with auto campaigns and letting them run and letting Amazon spend your budget to do your research for you, you do the research. You conduct thorough keyword research ahead of time to determine what search terms have the highest probability of converting. This is all theoretical before you do a product launch though, because you don't have any actual data from the real sales. The most valuable data you can get is from the actual search term reports and search query report from your own sales from the product. We'll get into that in detail in a little bit. But so the, the point here is we do very thorough keyword research upfront. Then we launch exact match campaigns for an initial set of keywords that we determined were likely to convert. Well, then as we run, we start to collect data back from how those campaigns are doing and we adjust our bids and budgets according to what's performing well. Then we start to spin up some discovery campaigns or research campaigns, which is broad match campaigns, phrase match campaigns, heavily negated and bid restricted auto campaigns of all four match types and expanded product targeting campaigns. These are all the types of campaigns that generate new targets for you and then with a high bid restriction on it so it doesn't go crazy on spend. And then what you get is this living system where it's destined to perform pretty well from the get. But you also still have new DNA coming in. So what happens if you don't have any of the discovery campaigns is it gets stale. You actually are still going on hypothetical data from your research. You're not getting any new data from Amazon. And that's the other extreme. That's also bad because your campaigns get stale over time. There's no new data, new DNA coming in, and then your performance will continue to drop. So this is the in between where you do a lot of research up front, you come up with your hypotheses, you launch those campaigns for performance, and then over time, you allow Amazon to find new targets. But you heavily restrict it. You don't let it go crazy because we all know Amazon would love to spend our whole budget. So during a launch, just remember, profit is not the point. Can you launch prop. Can you launch completely profitable? Yeah. And I'm actually going to share with you guys some, some stories, recent stories of how we've done this. But you just got to remember, like, I mean, it's really common, especially for new brand owners, to kind of panic during a launch. If you're, if your KPIs are way out of whack, your ACOS is like 500% or something like that, and you're just, you're not even close to ranking or something. Yeah, there's a problem. But if Your ACOS is 80% or something like that, or 90% and you're gaining rank over time and your tacos is dropping, it's. That's okay. You're actually, you're on the right path even though none of your campaigns are profitable. That's normal. That is a normal thing. So we like to split launches into three phases. In reality, there's two major phases. You start off with the information that you came up with during your research, hypothetically, and then you get real sales data and start implementing that into the launch. But if you want to get granular, you can separate a launch into three phases. And this is what you guys will see when you get the product lifecycle infographic, we call them. Establish, optimize, catapult. Right? So establish. You have no real sales data to go off of. You're only going off of the data from the research you've done in advance, which is the process we're walking through today that you guys are Going to learn. Your goal is to get initial sales, velocity conduct, start getting real data and start indexing for the keywords. Then after a few weeks you have real sales data. So now you go back in and you have new data sources. You have the search term report, you have the search query report. These things don't populate unless you have real sales. So there are Amazon keyword sources that you can get. If you don't have sales, we're going to go through that too. That's Product Opportunity Explorer, that's the, the brand analytics top search terms. But the most valuable data is from your actual sales. So during the optimize you're actually taking that data and now you have data from your actual sales, what's doing well and what's not. And then you're adjusting bids, you're adjusting your budgets, you're negating keywords that don't work. You're advancing keywords that are working well that you didn't think were and you're adding new keywords in. Then catapult is when, now that you've done that optimize process now you should have a pretty clear picture on truly, not just based on your hypothesis, but what really is working on what terms have the highest relevance, highest conversion with the highest possible sales and volume and you start to ramp those and that's when you can ranking. That's why that part is called catapult because you've got the necessary data from both sources, your own research beforehand and, and the altered data that you, you brought in during the optimized phase and then you can just juice it and you start driving more of your budget towards the things that are really working and ramping down the things that aren't. And then that's when you can start to truly rank if you have a really good product. So general framework again guys, you know, know the rules to break the rules. But I'm keeping it simple for you. So when you're in a launch, remember we talked about yesterday how there's two main categories of advertising on Amazon? There's ads that show up in search and there's ads that show up on product pages. We're focused mostly on search because those are the ones that drive keyword ranking the most powerfully. Now can ads on product pages alone drive keyword ranking? Sure, it's just not as powerful like we discussed yesterday where top of search and rest of search at top of search is more powerful at driving rank because it has higher click through rate, a higher conversion rate, just statistically but it's also way more expensive. So sales velocity in general from people searching terms, somehow finding a product and then buying it is how you get ranking. However you want to get that sales velocity, you got to get it. Okay, so we'll talk through this in a little bit more detail as well. I'm kind of doing a broad overview right now. So when it comes to the breakdown of these three ad types, right, we're like heavy on sponsored products. Sponsored brands we're going to use as well. Sponsored display you'll likely not use at all unless it's a very high price product or it's a consumables product. But even if it's a consumables product, you will likely want to hold off on sponsored display until you're through the launch phase, or at least until you're at the end of the launch phase. So, you know, this little graphic that you see on the screen is what you can kind of put in your mind to remember. I'm a very visual person, so I like to have visuals, which is why I create all these visuals for you guys. You're mostly focused on sponsored products and sponsored brands. Now that breakdown, even that can be altered if you have really great brand assets or your product is more of a passion product. There's utility products and there's passion products. Right. A utility product would be like this jar. You know, it's somewhat commoditized and there are ways to totally plenty of ways to differentiate through the packaging, what you include in it and all that stuff. But it's for utility. You know, I drink water out of the jar disrespectfully. This mug though, this is more passion. I'm a big tea drinker. My good friend actually gave me this mug. It's got mountains and water on it and it just relaxes me and I like to drink it. That's more passion because it's based on design. So more passion, design based products or if you have a lot of creative assets, the balance is going to be more sponsored brands than sponsored products. So now let's talk about placements. We talked about the different ad types and how they break down during launch. Looks something like this. Now let's talk about placements. There's three main placements for sponsored products ads. There's top up search, rest of search and product pages. And you're going to see. I'm going to show you guys how to see the breakdown of your placements in today's session. But you're going to see when you Run these ads where you're being placed. So what percentage of your campaign's sales are coming from top of search versus rest of search versus product pages. And although you can't perfectly control this, you can affect it using bid adjusters and we're going to talk through how to use those today. So what placement drives the most powerful ranking impact? We've already said it quite a few times guys. Maybe you can just type it into the chat so I don't have to repeat it. See if anybody remembers. Out of the three, top of search. Yes. Nice. Good. Guys, you are paying attention. Great. Yeah. Top of search provides the best ranking impact. I haven't seen a single person say anything but top of search. So that's good. And you guys are right. So that that drives the best ranking impact. That is an indisputable truth in my view. When it comes to pound for pound, one sale from top of search versus one sale from rest of search, that top of search sale is going to have a better ranking impact than the rest of search or the product page of sale. But when it comes to ad spend, that's a more nuanced question because that depends on how you're performing. Top of search versus rest of search versus product pages. Top of search is usually the most expensive placement. It has the highest cost per clicks. But if it's performing really badly for you then, and it's way different than the rest of search and product pages for whatever reason, then it may be that not sale for sale but dollar for dollar, I get a better impact by focusing more of my ad spend on rest of search or product pages because of how much better I perform there. And I just sheer sales volume makes up for the difference in the click through rate that top of search gets as its its added benefit. So if dollar for dollar, I spend $100 to get 5 sales on rest of search, where I would have to spend a hundred dollars to get one sale on top of search, man, that's a big difference. You know, if that's me, I'd be dedicating more of my ad spend to restive search. And that's our philosophy inside Sophie Society. And it works. So this is it. You know, I see a lot of LinkedIn posts and stuff like this about this question. What drives rank? Is it top of search only or is rest of search and product pages also included in there? A sponsored brand video driving rank at all? I saw posters last week that was claiming sponsored brand video doesn't drive rank at all. And that's not in line with our experience. So the answer to this question what drives rank? Is single keyword exact match. Top of search campaigns is like the foundation. Rest of search and product pages sales from keyword targeting also drives rank and sponsored brand video keyword targeting also drives rank and in fact all of them can drive rank quite powerfully. It just depends on how you're performing. So that's the answer and that's the basis of the framework that we're covering today. Okay, so we're going to get into keyword research today, but I'm going to cover a general framework before we get into this, which is there are a lot of ways to organize keywords and I would say usually they fit into two primary categories organizing by likeness, which is either search term family. Another way to say that is semantic core or root or by shopper intent. Okay, so we're grouping like keywords together. Either they have the same shopper intent or the same route. And then the other way is grouping them by search volume, which have my high search volume keywords, my medium search volume keywords, my medium low, and then my low search volume keywords. That's the other way. The best way to organize your keywords is by search term family, not by search volume. And the reason is because this allows you to use the data from your PPC much more effectively to have an impact on your PPC performance and on your conversion and on your click through rate by changing your, your assets, the product assets themselves like the thumbnail and the, the listing. So this is the way that we're going through today to do keyword research and keyword aggregation is by search term family. And this is what I would encourage all of you guys to do. This is what your, your actions for today are going to be based off of is organizing keywords by search family and then organizing your campaigns in your portfolio as well, all matching the same organizational structure. So let's go through the launch structure. I'm going to get right into it. So this is going to be, this will be the, the slide that you guys might take screenshots of or whatever. I mean you're going to be given this. So you don't, you don't need to be taking screenshots. But here is the launch CRYP card deck. This is it. You see it all right here in front of you. So on the. Now this isn't like perfectly aligned with the timeline of launch. This is just all the different campaigns that you'll spin up, but generally you're starting from the left and Going to the right. So the most important campaigns are on the left hand side, and then it goes to the right as you kind of advance through your launch. So single keyword exact match ranking campaign is in the upper left. This is the most powerful. I can't zoom. Damn, dude, I really thought I could zoom. You guys are gonna have to just put your eyes close to the screen or something. You don't have to read all these right now, guys. You're gonna be able to study these later. The point of these is not to memorize them. Although, actually we have guys in our team that, you know. It was Alberto, one of our senior strategists, was like, hey, I really want to, like, print these out in, like, an actual deck and, like, hang them on my wall and, you know, put them in a deck that I can, like, shuffle through and stuff. Which I was like, you know, that's actually a cool idea, like making a legitimate deck. And I might do that. I might do that. It'll be like a physical giveaway next time we do the profitable PPC challenge live in person. Oh, can you imagine that? That'd be cool. Yeah. So the point isn't to memorize these. The point is you're going to get these so that you can reference them when you're putting these campaigns in place in the future. So these cards. And I really thought I could zoom. I don't know why I did. When I was practicing this before, it totally worked. But you'll see if you look close at the screen, these cards tell you everything you need to know about how to set up this type of campaign. So I'm gonna walk through each one briefly and what the point of it is, but I won't go through the entire setup of each one because that would take us hours. And that's just not how we roll here. Right. We like to keep it snappy. We like to keep it fast. So the first type of campaign, the most important one, is a single keyword exact match ranking campaign. So the sponsored product ad, and you're putting one single keyword in there. The reason is because you need to be able to very finely target the different placements. And I'm pretty sure it was between the last challenge and now that Amazon made the change that you can now do placement adjusters on all three placements. So you can up your placement adjuster for top of search, which used to be the only option, but now you could do it for rest of search and product pages as well. Product pages, it added longer ago, but rest of search, you know, is the most recent one. Now you can have complete control over all placements, which is great. That's great for us. You know, sometimes we're like yay Amazon. Other times we're like boo. We don't like storage fees. But that was a really good update. So it's a single keyword exact match campaign. And you'll be able to see when you get these crib cards exactly how to set it up because it tells you literally everything. You just have this card in front of you while you're setting up the campaign. And you will know how to set every setting in the campaign ad console. Then there's multi keyword ranking campaigns. Now this is a fusion between ranking and performance campaigns. But this, these are the campaigns where you have one campaign per shopper intent or keyword family. So you're going to put all the keywords from one family in one campaign and that campaign then represents the effectiveness of that shopper intent. Okay, so I'll give an example. Say my product, one of the uses is for kids. If it's. You say it's a tablet cover. Tablet cover. And it's got a lot of different uses, but one is for kids and then another one is for driving. So these are two totally different purposes that people are buying my product for. And I want to be able to segregate how I'm doing from those two different shopper demographics because that's what allows me to actually have real impact on my campaigns and on my, my product organic sales performance by making real changes and not just the campaigns, but the thumbnail and the listing. So I'm going to segregate all of my driving related keywords. You know, it'd be not just keywords with the word driving in it, but it would also be keywords with the word road trip in it or keywords with drive or driving. All everything relating to that shopper intent. I'm going to put that in one family. Okay? And this sounds crazy, but you guys are going to see, we're going to walk through the whole process today. It's not that hard to do. And you only have to do it once. It's going to take you some time. You sit down, get it done and then once you have it done, that's kind of your like foundation for that product for life. Like you, you keep adding to it and evolving to it and evolving it and growing it over time. And I'm going to show you guys, especially you guys that are scared of, of Excel, scared of spreadsheets, I love spreadsheets. I really feel like it's been one of my superpowers in my life. Not that I'm like a crazy wizard with them, but I'm fairly good and really like being able to analyze data properly is so key. I'm going to show you guys how you can use these campaigns once they're set up properly to get data out that you use to make real actions continuously. And that's how you put in place that, that, that feedback loop that we call the essential feedback loop that we talked about yesterday. Going to bring that on the screen in a second as well. So those are very important types of campaigns. Then there's sponsored brand, keyword targeting, video ad campaigns. And by the way, if you see them stacked, that means you have multiple of these. So for the single keyword ranking campaign, you're going to have probably between 5 and 10 multi keyword ranking campaign. You're also going to have something between 5 and 10 organized by keyword family, sponsored brand, video ad targeting a specific keyword, you're also going to have somewhere between 1 and 5, but you'll have multiple of these if you can. And again, this is somewhat dependent on how much actual content you have and creative you have. But we're going to talk tomorrow, which is our custom creative day. We're going way deep on sponsored brands tomorrow on custom creative and we're going to go through some really exciting ways to generate custom creative, especially even if you're on a shoestring budget and also if you are not. So pay attention that day. We'll go super deep on that then. But these drive ranking. Then you're going to put in place the more discovery campaigns, right? So you have, you see in the bottom, right, there's automatic targeting campaigns. So these campaigns, the reason there's four of them shown there is because you're going to make one for each match type. Now you want to make it a very low bid on these and low budgets, make it super restricted and already negate any keywords that you found are quote unquote, never keywords. And we'll get into, you know how you determine that when I get into the keyword research part of this day. But those are the campaigns that you want to put in place to keep this launch live and active and constantly finding new targets. But you just want to make sure that Amazon doesn't have runaway spend. It should be a small portion of your overall spend going towards discovery campaigns. And then there's a couple campaigns that you want to have as well, which is broad match campaign that has each of your keyword family routes in there. So like I was saying before, I'd have drive, I've had, I'd have kids, I'd have other routes like that and allow Amazon to find new iterations of the routes that I know are already doing well. So then I could take those and put them right back into my multi keyword ranking campaigns organized by keyword family, the lower left one. Then you know, there's a type of campaign that our senior strategist, Dave, who was in the office hours with me yesterday, some of you guys saw him actually discovered inside Sophie, which is we call Step Campaign, a self targeted product targeting campaign. And this is a campaign we'll actually get into this. We're gonna go into the retargeting day on day four on Thursday. But this is a campaign that we now pretty much put this in place on pretty much all products. You just target the same ace in your advertising and it generates a very low volume but of typically very low acos sales. So it's good to have in place. What it essentially does is it basically instantly retargets people that clicked on your listing and then clicked off. Then you're going to have a product targeting campaign with ASINs that you think you can beat. Either they have a missing feature or they have a worse rating or they're way priced out of the market. And that product targeting campaign is what you're going to feed with the auto campaigns that are finding new ASINs. So the auto campaigns have close match and loose match which are both centered on keywords. And then there's substitutes and complements that are both focused on other products or ASINs. So those two types of auto campaigns, substitutes and compliments. Those campaigns are going to feed your product targeting campaign with new targets. Okay, I hope I'm not getting too technical for some of you guys because you guys are gonna get all this. It's gonna be very clear to you in the handout today. You can review it on your own time. If you're a little bit lost, don't lose me. Don't let your your eyes glaze over. Stick with me because we got more to go over. All right, so let's talk about keywords. Two basic sources of keywords are lab data, quote unquote, which is hypothetical. You can do this research without selling. So you can do it now even if you're not selling the product that you want to do research for, you can do. You can use these sources that's the Amazon Product Opportunity Explorer. You don't need to be selling the product to do research with that helium 10 or keyword research tools and the Brand analytics top search terms function. I'm going to show you guys where to find each of these tools today through a little screen share. But this is what we would call lab data. You know, you get it without going out into the battlefield, without going out into the market. The field data, which is what you can only get by being live out in the battlefield, out in the marketplace is your PPC search term reports. And there's quite a few different types but you don't have to know about all of them. And the search Query Performance Dashboard, which only populates once you start selling because it's based on your actual sales metrics. So these are the two sources of data. Which one do you guys think is more valuable, the field data or the lab data? Just type it in the chat so I could see what you guys are thinking. Which data is more valuable? I see a lot of field. I think only one lab. Yes, field data is more valuable. That's right. Because of the fact that it's based on your own products. Real sales. Thank you guys for interacting. Man, you like feed off your energy. I need that. So I don't feel like I'm talking to myself, you know, I mean, I'm talking to a camera, but. But yeah. So field data more valuable because it's based on the actual sales of your real product. Okay, so let's talk long tail keywords now. People get a little bit out of control in my view with this where, you know, I've seen and even been a part of keyword groups that teach people to make like thousands and thousands of campaigns for a product so that they have one campaign for every single keyword. Even like keywords that have like 10 searches a month now, I don't find that effective. And it also creates a high degree of unnecessary work. So you really don't need all of those keywords. Sorry, let me just let explain this graph. This is where the word long tail comes from. You see this like long tail of this distribution graph? Most statistical distribution graphs have this and that's what long tail keywords are. So this is the keywords. The keywords closer to the left are the ones with super high search volume. And then there's only a few of them. And then as you go to lower and lower search volume, there's like maybe thousands or even tens of thousands of keywords that have like, you know, 20 searches a month or 15 searches a month. We don't need to worry about those in the launch the super long tail ones because the rising tides effect. So you get ranking for all relevant keywords or a lot of relevant keywords by ranking for the most important keywords. So what you want to do is balance the volume and relevance. So the more relevant I go when I'm riding this line, the lower the volume, the higher the volume I go, the lower the relevance. I want to find that sweet spot in the middle when I'm doing my keyword research of high volume with high relevance. So example I use a lot is, you know, this is super high volume is omega 3. That's a crazy high volume search term. But if my Omega 3 is chewable, non toxic and for kids, then chewable, non toxic 30 milligram tablets for kids is going to be super high relevance. But that's way lower search volume. Right, but Omega 3 for kids is going to be in the middle somewhere. It's going to have still a significant amount of volume and it's still very relevant to my product. Those are the type of search terms that we're going to find in our Cupid research. So mid tail is really where we kind of focus. There's main, which is one to two words, usually high competition, high search volume, mid tail, which is usually two to four words, medium competition, medium search volume and then long tail, which can be like a whole fucking sentence. Low competition, low search volume. That middle spot is really where the sweet spot is. Okay, so that's what we're going to focus on. So a good habit and this is what we're gonna get through when we get into KPIs and tracking is choose five of these keywords to focus on because those will be the indicator keywords for how all your ranking is doing across this whole main tail. That way you don't have to create thousands of campaigns or in your keyword tracker implement like you know, dozens or hundreds of campaigns, dozens or hundreds of keywords that you're tracking. You don't need to. If you, if you determine which keywords are the highest relevance with significant volume, those, those are the indicators of your ranking across all keywords. And this works. So it is true on Amazon that it's very, very rare for you to rank top of top of page one for a pretty high volume keyword and then nowhere else. Usually that ranking kind of brings up the whole bell curve and all the other search terms are kind of drawn up with it. So these indicator keywords help you know how you're doing from ranking perspective. So if you're not converting for a mid tail keyword, you maybe didn't go deep enough. So go a little bit more long tail and commit to an evil even smaller niche. So in the example I said before kids, omega 3, maybe the top of search clicks are crazy for that I'm losing insane amounts of money and I'm going to go a little bit deeper and just try to get 30 milligram Omega 3 for kids. Whatever it is, you know, I'm just making that up. But so don't bail on the product yet. If the product's good and it's got good ratings and your economics aren't good, your targeting is probably off. Okay, so let's get into keyword research and as always I, I have to speed it up. So I'm going to start talking super duper fast. I'm definitely not going to be able to do the live session that I was going to do with you guys creating a pivot table. So those of you guys that have fear of spreadsheets, I'm sure there's a name for that. Lucky you that you won't have to see me do it live. But I will send it to you in the handouts. So back then, Amazon.com helium10, google trends, google keyword Planner and then other platforms like Pinterest and Etsy, those were the keyword sources. Okay. That's honestly how it was when I started started selling. Now the best keyword sources are on Amazon themselves. Brand Analytics, Product Opportunity Explorer, Search Query Report, Search and Report, Amazon itself, you know, the Amazon search bar. And then also we still use keyword tools, they're very useful. Helium 10 and then even Google Keyword Planner if you want to go that deep. So let's get into the actual keyword research process. I won't, I won't harp on this. I've had a few other slides on this already. But just to drive it home visually, the number one source of search of keywords is Amazon's own data. Based on my own sales, the number two source of keywords. So that's what we're going to prioritize. We prioritize those keywords in that data because we know it's true. It's absolutely true. It's tested, it's real. The number two source of data is Amazon generated data that's not based on our actual sales. That's the brand analytics top search terms and the product Opportunity Explorer have nothing to do with our sales at all. But it comes directly from Amazon. So we're going to trust it more the number three source of data so that we're going to prioritize that over everything else to the right of it. Right. The number three source of data is Amazon focused keyword research tools like Helium 10 data dive. These are great tools, we use them. But the data that you get from Amazon is more trustworthy than those they're just back calculating it. Amazon is just feeding it to you because they are the platform. And then finally the last source of data which is below all the other ones is non Amazon related keyword search sources like Google Trends, Etsy. And the reason for that is more to see like trends than it is to actually, you know, get search volume data and stuff like that. It's more to see is this trending? Is this something that's popular somewhere else and might blow up? Uh, that's, that's the kind of keyword research that you do on platforms like that. So here's what you guys are getting today as your handout is the search term aggregator. And so I'll just make this a very quick screen share because I need to, to show you guys exactly how this works because you're going to be getting it in your handouts. So this meeting is being recorded is. Oh, there we go. Feel like a boomer. Nothing against boomers. So this is what you guys are going to get. You're going to get this sheet that makes it super easy and super straightforward for you to do the keyword research and organize it by shopper intent. And this is what I want you guys to do tonight. So pick that one product that you're focusing on throughout these five days and you're going to redo keyword research. Hopefully you have a product launch that you can do this for because that would make it super useful. But even if you don't, I want you to do this for a product even if it's already selling, because it's gonna, it's gonna enlighten you a lot. Trust me. Even if you're already segregating by semantic core. Doing this again is a very, very valuable exercise and I, I want you guys to all do it. Everyone who's on this call, get it done. It's gonna be sent to you tonight similar to last night sheet, but this time it'll, it'll have a button that says make a copy. Cause I know that confused a couple of you guys last time, so it'll be much more straight. This is your master keyword list. Okay, so You've got sections for each of your keyword routes and there'll be a video that describes exactly how to do it, since we're, you know, we're running a little bit low on time here. And then you have the different sources of keywords, Helium10, Product Opportunity Explorer, search term reports. And then you have, you know, other crazy sources of data. Search, search term query report. They're your own branded keywords, competitor keywords, Spanish misspellings. Now you don't have to go too crazy with this. The basic ones that you want to fill in are over here, the product Opportunity Explorer, your keyword tool and the search and reports or and the search query report too, and brand brand analytics, top search terms. But you guys will see this all in the video so it'll be very clear to you. There's also a tab for top competitors. So this helps you actually do the pre keyword research, the competitor research that gets you to the keyword research. And then the, we're going to include a tab in here that's really cool. For those of you guys that are previous, that have been at previous challenges, we, we have a tool that allows you to pull in three reports from Amazon and I'll show you exactly which reports to pull in and it will auto generate you a pivot table. And you can use this throughout all time. You can keep this with you and use this forever. And I'm going to have to go through tomorrow how to pull the insights out of this, but I'll give you the instructions today on how to use it. You're going to pull in a search term report, advertise product report and one of your business reports. And this generates a pivot table that will show you everything you need to know about how your keywords and products are performing, how the click through rate is, how the conversion rate is on a per keyword basis, and even on a per keyword keyword family basis. Once you organize your campaigns by keyword family so that you can pull out the critical insights that we've been talking about this whole time that you use to make the improvements, to constantly run that feedback loop. Okay, so now this is where the rubber hits the road. This is where that feedback loop goes from like this ethereal sort of like, you know, like philosophical framework to actually doing it. This is how it's done and you guys will get that in the handout today. I was going to actually screen share doing it, but I'll just include a video for how you can do it. It's very simple. You just download the reports from seller Central, upload them into the right tab in the tool, and then the pivot table auto updates, and you can click around it and explore all the data. There are tools that do this, and some of you guys might have some tools that give you very targeted, specific insights about keywords. But first of all, those keywords cost. Those tools cost money. Some of them cost a lot of money. And second of all, this is a core skill. As an Amazon seller, you should know how to do this. And it's not scary, because even if you're scared of pivot tables or you don't know them or whatever, we built it for you. You literally just have to paste in your reports and we will. And it will auto generate exactly what you need to see to get these insights so that you can run that feedback loop. Okay, so again, me as a seller, dude, I would have been thrilled to get this. First of all, now you don't have to pay for a software. Second of all, these are the critical insights you need to make the changes that put you on the growth path to outpace the other competitors in the niche. Because, you know, most brands don't do this. I know, because this is what Sophie does professionally. We run this feedback loop for our brands. And I very rarely come in contact with brand owners, even big ones, that are doing this properly, which is why, you know, there's always opportunity for growth even with really big brands. All right, so let's. Let's race here. We got 20 minutes left. That should be fine. Actually, I think. I think we're good on time. All right, so I'll go through some of these keyword sources for. For some of you guys that haven't explored this too much. So Product Opportunity Explorer, you just go to the hamburger menu, go to. Go to Growth, Click Product Opportunity Explorer. And you can do this without selling. So you could do this. Now, even for a product that you guys haven't launched yet, you just type in the term and then scroll down. I'm going to type in magnetic blocks here. Scroll down, click on the left, the customer need quote, unquote, which is the keyword. And then now you're gonna click Search terms, and Amazon is giving you the actual search volume of those search terms. Now you can download that. And this is what you're gonna upload into the keyword aggregator tool that I'm giving you guys today. Okay, so this is the source of the Product Opportunity Explorer data that you guys are gonna download to do your. Your keyword research today. Okay, so I'm just gonna show it through one more time because I know it's quick. I love these gifs because it's super quick rather than showing like a long video or having the screen share every time. So you type in the keyword, click the customer need. Then right in this menu here you click search Terms. And then down here you see all the search terms and upper right you can download them all. All right, so that's, that's a great source of data. Just remember that this search volume is yearly. So you have to divide it by 12 to get monthly search volume. And keep in mind that it does not take into consideration seasonality. So if the product is seasonal, it's going to have, you know, you're averaged over the year. So just take that into consideration. It's important to know brand analytics top search terms. Okay, you're going to go to brand analytics under brands brand Analytics. Then you go to Search analytics top search terms. You want to change it to monthly or you can change it to quarterly or whatever. And then you're going to type in the term. So I'm typing in the same term, magnetic blocks. Right. This doesn't give me the search volume, but it gives me what it calls search frequency rank, which is basically an ordered ranking of which keywords get the most searches. So a lower search frequency rank means it gets more searches. So you want to order it by ascending search frequency rank. And now you can see the keywords, keyword by keyword. You can download these as part of your keyword research, but you can also click into them to get really cool insights. This is a really great tool. If any of you guys haven't explored this, do it today. Okay? I'm not including this in your quote unquote assignments today, but this is really cool and gives you a lot of insights. And again, it's data coming directly from Amazon. So you're going to paste that data into the tool, sorry, into the keyword aggregator, and it becomes yet another one of your data sources. Then there's a keyword research tool like Helium 10, and there's whole videos online about how to do this. Many of you guys have probably done this already, but just to do a quick version of it, I'm using the same example, magnetic building blocks. I use the Helium 10 extension. And then all I have to do is when the screen pops up, you click send to Cerebro and that pulls in all the data. So yeah, you can organize by sales, you can see how the sales are going and then go Run Cerebro and oh, by the way, first you have to actually click unselect any of the products that are not relevant. So you really want anywhere between five and 10 products that are perfectly relevant to your product. And that's how you do reverse ASIN keyword research. So this generates a list of keywords for you that your like for, like competitors are ranking for. And this becomes yet another keyword data source. Now keep in mind, these data sources can the, the search volumes can be way off, way off. Like I was just on with, with Philip, another one of our senior strategists, and we're looking at real Data and the Helium 10 data was one third of the Amazon reported search volume for that term, which is so different. Right? That's the difference between 10,000 searches a month and like 3,300 searches a month. Huge difference. You know, I think of those totally differently. So you pull that data in as well. You could do things like misspells. Amazon is actually pretty good at picking up these. So they, this isn't super critical unless it's very common for your product to be misspelled. And then so we went over how you segregate the keywords. I'm just trying to speed through this so we end on time. We can do, we can do our office hours, guys. But there'll be a video when you get the keyword aggregator that shows you how to do it. So don't panic if this is going super fast. So you combine from all sources, remove the duplicates, prioritize the data coming from Amazon and then that's when you segregate by keyword family. And this is what you end up with. So you've got the different keyword sources here, what their search volume is. It's all nicely organized. And then you find the words that are. See, here's one. Walker bag. 3600 according to Helium 10, 9000 according to Amazon. See, Big difference. Right. So you're going to prioritize the data coming from Amazon, remove the duplicates from the lower priority data sources and then you just got to put them in the categories. And this is the part that's a little bit manual. Yes. You can use Chat GPT to help you, but I find that it's really useful to go through the exercise. You learn a lot just by doing it. So go through the keywords organized by semantic core root, remove all the keywords that are not relevant to the product, create a list of never keywords so that you can negate them. If the keywords Continuously show up. And you know, they're definitely not applicable, but they're somehow related. But you know you would have a bad conversion with them. You create a list of never keywords so that you can negate them off the bat. This helps you keep all of your campaigns lean and, and then you have your keyword list, and that's what you need in order to set up these campaigns. All right, let's get into reports. So if you go to Generate Report, then click Spot. Now did I, did I have that in here? The actual clicking of creating the report? Yeah, here we go. So you go to reports inside your ad console, click Run Report, then click Create Report. See Sponsored Ad Reports. Create Report. Go to Search Term. This is the basic report. Advertise Product report and Search Term Impression Chair Report are also important reports. The search term report is your, your, your foundational knowledge source when it comes to what is working. And this is really critical for you be able to, for you to be able to read these reports. And the key to reading them properly is pivot tables, which are extremely easy to do. I'm going to include a little video in the, in the handouts today on how to do it. But you don't even need to know how to do it because now you have our tool that will do it for you if you pull in the right reports. So I really hope you guys like that. You know, again, this is one of the things where I'm like, damn, if I had this, didn't have to figure out all this on my own, I would have been stoked. So I'm giving you guys the stuff that I would want. But this is just to show you guys how to generate these reports. You got to wait. If you've never generated a report like this, you. You click Create Report, and then you wait a couple minutes and then it gets created. You want to click daily, and then you want to do the maximum time back, which is 60 days, and just end yesterday, not today. I mean, if you want the most accurate data, you end like three or four days ago to account for the attribution period. But it's fine, just end it yesterday. Then you get the max amount of data. All right, let's talk actually setting up the campaigns. Now, I'm not going to go so much into this because the crib cards are this. So you'll actually see every step of how to set up the campaigns in the crib cards. But just to make it clear, here's it all on one page. Sponsored product, exact match, single keyword campaigns. Five to 15 of these sponsored product exact match multi keyword campaigns organized by keyword family you're going to have. Depending on how many keyword families you have, right? It'd be between 2 and 10. Sponsored Product exact match offensive product targeting campaigns. Okay, so targeting ASINs, you'll have one to three of these sponsored product exact match defensive product targeting campaigns. So you're targeting your own other products. Right. So however many products you have, that's how many of these campaigns you have. Sponsored products self targeted product targeting campaign. You can have one of these. It's just that's the step campaign that I mentioned before and I'm going to talk to you the setup of that when we get into the retargeting day on Thursday. Sponsored product exact match single or multi keyword sorry, Sponsored brand Exact match single keyword or multi keyword launch campaign. So this is a video, this is a video ad. Okay. You'll have between one and five of these depending on how many targets you have, how much creative you have and how much budget you have. Then you spin up the sponsored broad match campaigns with the core from each keyword family inputted. And you only need one of these and make sure to negate all negative keywords. So it's not spending crazily, it's only leanly generating new specific search terms from your search term family cores that you identified. And then sponsored product phrase match campaign. This is optional and this is really if you have search terms that are multiple words that you want to know what are like that are high volume enough that you think a lower volume version of it with a word on the beginning or the end would be worth it. And you really need to know that information that you can put that in there as well. But just make sure again, negate whoops. And then the sponsored product auto campaigns, you're going to do four of those, one for each match type. Now you don't have to do all match types, especially if you don't have the budget and you don't want to spread it so thin. You could just do close match and compliments. But if you are able to and you really want to continue to generate new targets, then you do one auto campaign for close match, one for lose match, one for substitutes, one for compliments. And then lastly an expanded product targeting campaign. And you could put in as the seed asin your own asin the very same asin your advertising similar to the step campaign. But you click expanded instead of clicking exact. And I'm actually going to screen Share through some of these walkthroughs on, on the ad console this week. So again, if you got a little loss, don't worry about it, you'll pick back up. Here's a general breakdown of the ad spend. It is going to be about 70% sponsored products, about 30% sponsored brands, and likely 0 to max 5% sponsored display during launch typically. Right, okay, so I'm gonna have to speed through this. So you're going to campaigns sponsored products, you're targeting keywords. So you're going to click manual targeting keyword targeting and then click Enter list, select custom bid, select Exact, and then put in that one keyword. This is how to make that core campaign. The single keyword exact match ranking campaign is this. And then in the bid you're going to select your starting bid. What number do you put in there? This is a big point of contention in the Amazon community. Amazon gives you a quote, unquote suggested bid. However, ruining my punchline. All right, well, we'll get into how to, how to create that bid in a second. I thought my next slide was a different slide. Man, ruin my punchline. It's fine, it's fine. I'll pick back up. In the bidding strategy, you'll likely start with the top of search bid adjuster. You know, I'm starting here with 400%. It's actually usually better if you start with a bid adjuster that is lower and then you ramp it up. But you do want to target top of search at first and you only pivot to rest of search and product pages if top of search is too expensive and it's just crazy and you just can't, can't continue it. But you're going to put a top of search bid adjuster so you maximize your top of search placements. Oh, here it is. All right, so starting bid. How do you determine what your starting bid is? Well, Amazon suggested bid is dog shit because it can be wildly off. First of all, it can give you a different number. As one of our senior strategist Philip pointed out, from day to day, it can be dramatically different and also it can be just inaccurate. So it's not actually good to go. Based on Amazon suggested bid and those of you guys that were here in a previous challenge, we used to recommend using the starting bid just as a starting place and then optimizing from there. And then, you know, what we realized and what I realized by, by masterminding with my strategists every week is that it's actually not the best Strategy to go with Amazon suggested bid. And so this is where I get super add, guys, because I was making these slides for you, and I was like, dog. Why do we say dog? I hope I don't offend some of you guys. Like, people that are from the south and stuff get offended because I'm from Jersey and I curse a lot. So I hope that doesn't offend you guys. I curse a lot. Like, people from Jersey tend to curse more. But I put a literal slide in here specifically because English as people who don't have English as a first language don't realize that we in the English language have so many words for different types of animals that mean so many different things. This is where, dude, like, I went off the rails on this while I was making these slides for you. And I was like, why, dog? And you know what's funny? This is. There's like this list online of all the different types of shit and what it means. Dog means worthless. Bullshit means a blatant lie. Horseshit means I don't believe you. You're lying. Batshit means you're crazy. Ape means you're in a rage, yo. How weird is that? Imagine you didn't learn English as your first language and you're like, wait, you have different type of animal shit mean different thing? Like, why it's weird. Anyways, that's. That's an aside. That's how I'm spending your valuable time here, guys. Just talking about this. Anyways, starting bid. Here's the actual. What the fuck? Here's the actual formula you guys should use for your starting bid, which is target acos times your product price times your conversion rate. So let's go through some examples of this and why this makes sense. Say I wanted to spend the entire revenue from my product on my bid, right? I would take my product price $40 for my product, times my conversion rate, say it's 10%. So one out of every 10 people buys. So that means I have to drive 10 people to my listing in order for one to buy, right? So that means if I wanted to spend the entire retail price of my product to get one sale, meaning 100 ACOs, I would spend $4 per click because I know I need 10 clicks to get the sale, right? Makes sense. So my bid is $4 because I'm willing to spend the entire revenue from the product, 100 ACOs to get that sale. And I know I need 10 clicks to get the sale, so I can spend $4 on every click. So I spent $40 to get my $40 sale, that's 100% a cost. So I'm trying to think of the simplest example to share with you guys. Now, if I wanted a 50% ACOS, same formula, right? I need 10 clicks to get a sale. So 10% of 40, then I only want to spend 50% of that sale price to get the. To get a conversion. So I cannot spend $40. I can only spend $20. So it's $20 times 10%, which is $2. So if my targeted cost is 50%, my starting bid is going to be $2, because 50% times $40 purchase price times my 10% conversion. If I wanted a 25% a cost, my starting bid is going to be one dollar, because 25% of 40 times 10%, which is 4, is $1. I hope this is making sense to you guys. It's pretty simple math, but I know numbers kind of confuse you. I think of that meme where the girl has like, she's just got a blank stare and there's like formulas. She's like, that's. Sometimes I feel like happens when I start to talk math on these things. But yeah, this is, this is, this is how you calculate your starting bid. Now, just because you want that ACOS doesn't mean Amazon is going to use that bid. So you might say, oh, yeah, I'd love a 25% ACOS. I'm going to put it in a starting bid of a dollar. And then the next day, you get no impressions on that campaign. So what do you do then? You just have to up the bid. It means that your quote unquote target acos was off. It wasn't realistic for the market. So determine your target acos of what you think is realistic, but also good for you, healthy for you. Then back calculate your starting bid by using this simple formula. And this is in the crib cards, by the way. The formula is in there, so be easy. All right? Make sure that each portfolio represents one parent asin. Campaigns represent a goal. So each of the crib cards is a goal. Like one ranking campaign is one goal. One multi keyword campaign with the family of keywords is one goal. You want to make sure that everything is organized this way. This was part of your checklist last night. Portfolios equals products. Campaigns equals goals. Portfolios equals products. Campaigns equals goals. And when I say products, I mean parent asins. So one portfolio per parent asin, one campaign per goal inside the parent asin. This is how you do proper and clean account organization in your ppc all right, we're almost at the end of the time, guys, so I'm gonna rush through this. We do this. Okay. We did a. A Launch that in 11 days we were able to rank number 2 for 100k volume search term. So. Oh, yeah, I forgot. So one more math thing to cover calculating your ranking campaign budget. So similar math here. We talked about calculating your bid. Okay, now you know how to calculate your bid. How do you calculate your budget? Well, you're going to back calculate your budget based on how many units per day you want to hit, how many units per day you need to hit in order to really start ranking for the product and then making an assumption on what tacos you're willing to take. So maybe you say my margin is 20%, I'm willing to go all the way up to 30% tacos. Honestly depends on the product. You might have to go higher. But you have to make some assumptions here. Right. I'm willing to go up to 30 tacos, meaning my. The percentage of my total revenue that I spend on ads. My unit retail price is $20. My daily budget is going to be these three metrics multiplied by each other. The how many units per day I need to sell the price per unit. So now I have my revenue per day, right? And then what percentage of that revenue is my ad spend. So it's my units per day times my price per unit times my percentage of revenue of ad spend, which is tacos. So it's units times price times tacos. My daily budget. If my I have a 30 day per 30 unit per day target, assume tacos of 30% and my retail price is $20. My daily budget is $180. 30 times 30 times 20. So that's how you calculate a daily budget. And again, this is initial. You have to adjust it over time. But because this is one of the top things people always ask us when they come to our ecosystem, how do I calculate my bids and budgets? This is how 60% at least of your launch campaign should be going to single keyword exact match ranking campaigns. If your organic rank is not improving, stick with me, guys. I know we're like two minutes over here. I'm going to make sure to wrap up so that we have time to breathe and go to the bathroom before office hours. But we're almost at the end. So what if organic ranking is not improving even while running? Even while your ads are running? Well, check the placements. So here's another one of those feedback loops. You're going to increase the Top of search bid adjuster. Because maybe you're not getting enough placements top of search, then that increases your impression share, you get increased sales for that keyword and then you increase ranking. Okay, that, that's how you continuously go in and check and you're optimizing the placements, ideally the top of search, but not always top of search. A good rule of thumb is shoot for top of search impression chair of 30% as a general target. So you can see this when you go into your campaigns. You'll see the top of search impression chair right here on the right hand side target 30% and you should be good. But if the CPCs are way too expensive, Top of search, don't forget about top of search then don't be stuck on that just because that's what the industry says. That's not in line with what actually generates rank on Amazon, which is sales velocity at the end of the day. So follow the data, optimize the bid placement. Bid adjusters for whatever placements are performing best, including rest of search and product pages. Ranking comes from sales made after a keyword is searched, even if there were a couple of clicks in between. So to check your placements, on the right hand, left hand side of your ads console, you see the placements button and then you'll see this. And this is where you see top of search, rest of search and product pages for that campaign. And if one placement is doing really well, like in this, in this little screen share I have, I'm clicking the campaign right now on the left side I see the placements button, I'm going to click that and now what do I see on the left hand side? One placement is making all the sales and it's top of search and the ROAS is the highest. So in this particular example, top of search is performing best. So what do I want to do? I want to up that bid adjuster because I want even more top of search sales in this case because it's performing really, really well and the other placements are not performing well. This isn't always going to be the case. Sometimes it'll be completely flopped or top of search is just way too expensive. Not performing well, spending a lot, not making a lot. But rest of search or product pages is doing really well. Then you're going to up those bid adjusters and you continuously do this until you fully dial in the campaign. It's work. But this is what it takes to run this feedback loop. You're constantly looking at the data, making the decision, coming upon an insight from that data and then taking an action either on the campaign itself, the listing or the thumbnail. And we're going to get more into how you take actions on listings and thumbnails in the upcoming days. Okay, so again the feedback loop. I go into battle. Then I learn what was my top of search percentage and my rest of search placement percentage. Is my ranking increasing? Am I spending my budget? If I'm not spending my budget, I got to up my bids. If I'm not increasing my rank, I got to up my top of search Or I'll try up in my top of search and react to that data. And again, what search terms have high traffic, high conversion below click through rate? Oh, something's wrong. My, my products are are converting but they're actually not getting the click. The people that do click tend to buy, but they're not clicking at a high rate. And I have a below average click through rate. What do I do? Adjust my title split, test my primary image? Right, I can see that from the data. What search terms had high click through rate but low conversion rate. So is the other way around. So a lot of people are clicking from this particular search family, but when they click their conversion rate is below average. So what's going on there? Something's wrong with my listing copy. I have to adjust my listing copy, adjust my secondary images, adjust my A plus content and adjust my brand story and I'll perform better. Right. So that's how you run this feedback loop constantly. This is the essential feedback loop. You just run it again and again and again and again. The more often you run it and the better and tighter you run it, the faster you will grow and get ahead of all the competitors that are not doing this because they just don't know how or they're just not going deep enough. So yeah, we gotta wrap this up guys. And just sharing a couple launches. This was a profitable launch that we did. We initiated the launch. We actually hit a 15% ACOS. It was profitable by the end of 60 days. Not a super high volume product, but these ones 20,000 search volume keyword. A 20,000 search volume keyword. We were able to hit position one in under two months. We launched this fitness product. We went from 100 units a week, week two to 300 units a week week four. This was 100k per month search volume. That's very high. For those of you guys that don't know, we were able to rank number two for this and that was in 11 days as the one I shared before we're a verified Amazon ads partner. So we have a relationship with Amazon and they actually emailed saying, wow, what an epic launch you guys did. So sometimes even Amazon honors you. How did we do it? We honed in on the best performing keywords. We had about 10. And we made sure that our conversion rate was at or above the market conversion rate, which it was. Then we tried to rank for a high volume search term, which is 100k searches per month in the hot season. This is a very seasonal product, but it's 30 on average. So you gotta be careful because like I said before, product Opportunity Explorer ignores seasonality. And then what we did was continuously monitor the placements and adjust the bid adjusters until we dialed it in, got 30% top of search bid adjusting, and we were able to rank very, very fast. Okay, all right, I got to wrap this up. We're going to move data and tracking to tomorrow because we didn't have time to cover it today. So that's okay. We have room for it tomorrow. Tomorrow or Thursday. That's what I'll share with you guys. How to track your data, how to make database decisions, and I'm going to give you guys trackers as well. So remember CTR and cbr. These are the things. Day five is totally focused on this. We're going to go through a ton of really ninja strategies for how to use the data to improve your CTR and cbr because that's what allows you to to stick the ranking. So you do all this stuff with ppc, but the CTR and CVR are the foundation underneath your PPC performance that you need to get dialed in in order to perform correctly. So I'm going to go through the data stuff later. All right, a few considerations. It's not all about traffic volume. The average purchase price of the term and of the product matters. Like a 2000 per month search term for a $300 product is worth way more than a 10,000 per month search term for a $20 product. So the volume of the search term and, you know, product by product and term by term is not the only thing that matters. So the average purchase price matters, the relevance of the traffic from that term matters. The general conversion rate of that traffic in the specific conversion rate for your product for that particular family matters. So there's also intent to buy travel pillows implies that the person wants to window shop, they want to look at a bunch. Travel pillow is more targeted. I just want to buy one. I just need one. I don't want to look at a bunch. I just need one. Right. So all of these things matter. Don't. When you're doing this keyword research in this exercise tonight, just remember that it's not all about search volume. You need to use your mind as well. AI is not quite there yet to do everything for us. All right, A quick sort of like, announcement that I had to make is that keep in mind that exact match is not exact. So Amazon has been more and more lose this as time goes on and it will advertise you for what it considers equivalent terms, even if you put exact match. So sometimes you actually have to negative exact match terms for your exact match campaigns, which is weird and it's crazy. I don't know why Amazon does that, but yeah, so just keep that in mind. You might be like, what the heck? What? Why is advertising. I said exact match. Well, Amazon sometimes puts in equivalents. And then, by the way, you know, common school of thought in PPC is to negative match good performing terms in campaigns to isolate them. Sometimes that can harm your performance, sometimes it's fine. Then it won't harm your performance and it keeps the data clean. But it can be dangerous because sometimes the search term, for some reason it's performing well in a broad match campaign. And then if you negate it in that campaign and then pull it into its own single keyword, exact match campaign stops performing well. And it's weird, but that happens. So to avoid that, just leave them both going. It's fine. People talk about cannibalization. It's better to just have it perform well. Okay, guys, here's what you're getting. Day two. You're actually not going to get the data trackers because we're moving that to another day. Now you will get the keyword aggregator plus information about how to use it. You'll get the tool that allows you to pull in your reports that automatically creates a pivot table of data that's easily analyzable. And you're also going to get the launch deck of Crypt cards. So tonight, what I want you guys to do between today and tomorrow, that is, is do the keyword research segregated by search term, family or shopper intent. And then you will come tomorrow prepared. So that is that. Guys, we will now start office hours. So that's, that's the end of today. How was today? I'm checking on the chat here. See some people. Awesome. Thumbs up. Cool. Great. Awesome. Nice. Awesome. Great, guys. Great. I'm really, I'm. I'm. I'm glad you guys followed along with me. I was, I was worried I was talking a little too fast there, but we did pretty much get through almost everything except for KPIs. So we have, we have time to cover that in other days, so we'll be fine. So office hours today, they are starting in three minutes, technically. Let's give it a little more time. People have to go to the bathroom and stuff like that. I'll try to open my room on time. I. I have to go to the bathroom myself. I gotta pee, dude. I gotta get my tea. So let's just say five minutes past the half hour on the 35 mark. So 35 minutes past the hour would be the official time to give people some time to come in. I'll try to start my, my room as close as, as possible. And by the way, some people were confused yesterday. We have two rooms just to keep them more intimate. If we crammed you guys all into one office hours room, it would be way harder to cover everybody's questions. It makes it more intimate to split it into two rooms. So I'm in one room. Hans is, is hosting the other room with other mentors. So we have two concurrent rooms going at any. Any given time. So that's it for today, guys. See you in the office hours. Thanks for showing up. Thanks for staying engaged. See you guys later. And see you, Tom.

